warning : this is completely speculative - i do not use windows it is possible that verizon is using os fingerprinting to determine that you are tethering . windows 7 ( and possibly vista ) also connects to a particular microsoft site to attempt to determine if an " additional log on " is required - if it does not get an expected response back , it surmises you are in a captive portal and warns you . verizon can look for that network request . ( you can configure this behavior to ping any site you want instead of microsoft 's ; see the kb article . ) with ubuntu . . . the os fingerprint would show the system as linux , which is no different than android . another guess : verizon can see that the ttl of your packets has increased by one , so that it could figure out there is a hop beyond your phone . this would have to depend on how the os uses the phone as a network device - it is possible windows treats the phone as a gateway . i know linux treats the phone as a network card .
a lot of mobile network operators perform network analysis ( deep packet inspection ) of all transfered data . in that way they are able to identify which protocols are used . identifiable protocols that indicate a desktop pc are for example : windows update virus scanner update broadcasts sent by windows another very easy and common way to identify the system is to read the useragent string the web-browser sends in each request . there are add-ons available for firefox to fake the user-agent may you should try it and fake your browser to something unknown .
do not save your credit card info . ( edit : just tried , you can not enter info without it being saved . ugh . ) you can set up a pin in the market but that is easily worked around by clearing the data . google wallet ( checkout ) does not appear to have any security settings beyond needing to log in , though obviously saved credentials work on android . i think then that your only option ( besides using another market ) is to use full encryption on the device such as is present in honeycomb in combination with a lock screen and not being rooted . which does not rule out exploits , but if there was no risk of your cc being used nefariously then it would not be usable by you either :p . of course , if your phone is stolen you could just cancel your cards and/or let your credit card company know about the risk or actuality of unauthorized purchases . google will also help you fix it : account hijacking if you previously created a google wallet account , and an unauthorized person has accessed your account , please contact us immediately . our fraud protection policy covers you against any unauthorized purchases that were made with your google account . if we find that an unauthorized purchase was made , we will make sure you are not charged for it .
press menu -> settings in market . then set or change pin , and set a new pin check the use pin for purchases checkbox then you should be done .
this is a way of programatically installing apks the code snippet you are looking for is :
if you install a completely original rom for the device , it will be unrooted . flashing the correct stock rom for your device will revert it back to its original factory state . remember to wipe both the cache and data when you flash . in the post you linked it also says : notice : these are not rooted , and contain radio/hboot rom updates
if the bootloader comes locked , it can be easily unlocked . google does not let the flagship devices be sold any other way , since they are designed for development . endgadget says it is sim locked . this review says it is unlocked , but i bet they did not buy it with a contract . the specs for best buy 's " t-mobile version " state that it works for edge ( 2.5g ) on the 850 and 1900 mhz frequency bands , in addition to others , which are what at and t uses . so edge should be usable on any gsm network in the world ( i can not find the specs to see if the at and t version is likewise compatible ) . 3g/hspa will not work on at and t and some others , though , since it is limited to the 900/1700/2100 bands used by t-mobile . google confirms this info .
a review on best buy 's website suggested that the at and t nexus s is sim unlocked . the author of the review claims that he was able to insert a t-mobile sim card immediately after purchasing the phone without any issues . this make sense since google touts the lack of a sim lock on ( its nexus s feature page ] ( http://www.google.com/nexus/#/features ) . all information that i can find online supports the idea that the at and t version , even if it bought subsidized , is sim unlocked . the only source i could find suggesting otherwise is the engadget article previously mentioned , but that claim seems unsourced ( and therefore likely incorrect ) . since the nexus s is intended to be a developer phone , all models should have bootloaders that are easily unlocked .
have you try with fring , i do not know about the bandwidth but it does allow google talk . you can also check what is fring if fring does not convinced you try truphone although if you ask me i am quite sure that you will not be able to win skype app bandwidth usage on their own application , i mean they must ( or should ) know their stuff . let me know
bandwidth consumption depends on the codec that the app will use . skype uses silk or g729 ( see wikipedia for their bandwidth consumption ) . you can see here http://searchvoip.techtarget.com.au/articles/23239-voip-codecs-day-three-low-bandwidth-codecs more low bandwidth codecs and search for an application that support one of them . i have used sipdroid that has support for silk and speex too . for linux client you can use sflphone or ekiga . i have used both with asterisk and sipdroid and worked quite well .
get the pcgod 's mumble client for android ( do not get it from the market because the market one is not the pcgod uploader and is very old and not updated ) . mumble is an open source voip client that is available for windows and linux . however , this voip is a client-server one , hence requires both the clients to connect to a server . while you may choose a public server in the list when launching the desktop application of mumble , it is better to configure and setup your own mumble server so that you have more choice of freedom and you can even set the voice quality and codec that can use lesser bandwidth . further , mumble is more like push to talk , so it uses very little bandwidth ( i was torrenting on my 256k connection while using mumble with just 2 people in the room and still it was fine ! )
this does not happen when you run ssh as root . /sdcard is an unsafe ( ! ) location for ssh client config and valuable keys ( some users do not even encrypt their keys for reasons of laziness ) . each app has read access to that location , so this is most probably set deliberately not to /sdcard/ . ssh for security reasons . if you have root access , create a symlink from /data/ssh_data or /data/ . ssh to /data/jackpal . androidterm/ or create the folder with appropriate access rights for the terminal app ( not system wide read/write though ! ) . by the way : this might be fixed soon . see cyanogenmod 's github commit log here . excerpt : some users have / as home directory , some /data . this commit fixes ssh and ssh-keygen trying to create / . ssh which is volatile and read-only anyway . to allow an app ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) to use ssh /data/ssh_client still has to exist and owner permissions need to be set to the app user . this could be fixed by using the real data directory ( /data/data/"app" ) in a later commit .
if your phone is rooted , you have the option of placing the key in a ' protected ' area in which any application requesting to access the file would need to be given root access by you . this provides very little protection in the case of an attacker gaining physical access to your phone . you can also create a key that requires a pass-phrase to be entered in order to unlock and use the key . you should consider spending four or five additional seconds in order to login to your server in order to protect your assets . as previously mentioned , android is moving towards full disk encryption , which will substantially increase security of the device in general .
i use ssh in a terminal . so the private key is protected simply by the unix filesystem and android 's user-per-app design : only better terminal emulator pro can read id_rsa , and only ssh and other programs i am aware of run under it . whatever your app is , it need only do this to enjoy the same security from other apps . full-sdcard encryption , unless it comes packaged with a filesystem having a comparable system of permissions , will not protect your data from other apps .
samsung probably felt the " non-need " of this feature , hence removing it . you could either use apps from the play store such as " schemes " which allows you to schedule messaging , or contact samsung support via email requesting the re-addition of the feature ( i would go with the former because , one mail mostly does not make a difference against a huge oem ) .
yes . when playing a song you open/slide the tab ( sliding drawer ) at the bottom center , which displays the album cover and play/previous/next buttons . if you click the info ( i ) button for displaying artist/album information there is an option for shuffling . this option is also available on the options menu , after pressing the [ menu ] button , while this sliding drawer is open .
i purchased 3 cheap mhl cables , same problem than you . this is the red one . 2 cables disconnect all the time , one works perfectly . the problem is the crappy cable .
there are many , the prominent ones being hotspot shield and hideman vpn . hotspot shield works really well so i never tried using any other vpn .
you are correct . the built-in browser is only updated when a full new rom is installed . if there is an exploit , the only thing to do is wait for a new version of the os to be released . alternatively , you can use a third-party browser such as opera or google chrome . those are installed as apps and can receive updates independently . as far as i know , there is no documented version history for the native browser . the best you could do is look at the git revision history for the browser .
rooting will add a few files to your system and will most likely remove the startup process that resets your recovery back to stock . the files it will usually add is the su binary , which is what will actually elevate your privileges , busybox , which will give you some basic command prompt commands , and a super user app , ( usually either superuser or supersu ) . most stock roms have a file that is run during the bootup process that will reflash the stock recovery on every boot ( for security ) . most rooting processes will remove/rename/change this file to prevent your custom recovery from being overwritten . most rooting processes have easy ways to unroot . but essentially , you would just remove the files that it added and then flash your stock recovery back on the device . many toolkits have an easy unroot option . as to how an app can use root . . . when an app attempts to use the su binary , superuser or supersu steps in and pops up a dialog asking you for permission to allow this app root access . you can approve or deny it and there is usually a checkbox asking if you want the superuser/supersu app to remember your choice . an app is not able to get elevated privileges without you approving it through the superuser/supersu app .
first , there is no such thing as a " full copy " of the system stored anywhere on the device , as it is with the windows recovery partition you describe . neither is there a " program which reinstalls the android operating system from scratch " stored on the device , so you could back that up ( installation is always done via rom-flashing , which takes care of itself ) . second thing is a chicken-and-egg problem : in order to create a partition-image backup , you will need root access -- so you cannot do that backup before your device is rooted ( and a custom recovery is in place to provide the necessary tools ) . but then you no longer can backup the original state , as that has been altered by the rooting process ( and custom recovery installation ) . so the only way to have the " real stock state " available is to download a stock image . however , the rooting process itself is reversible ( see the unrooting tag ) . and with a full stock installation archive ( including the recovery and everything ) , you should be able to restore the " pre-rooting " state . not having a samsung device , i can however not tell about any flash-counters which would let sammy know what " dirty work " you did in between . . .
you might want to check how frequently is it okay to let the battery discharge fully or as low as possible ? and a : although i was told to charge my android device before first use , it was already charged . ha… for this , which include corresponding hints . some basic stuff here , though : wikipedia holds a detailed article on lithium-ion batteries . for your question , the answer is mentioned there as follows : li+ batteries have a self-discharge rate of approximately 5–10% per month , compared to over 30% per month in common nickel metal hydride batteries , approximately 1.25% per month for low self-discharge nimh batteries and 10% per month in nickel-cadmium batteries . they last longer if not deeply discharged ( depleted ) before recharging . the smaller the depth of discharge , the longer the battery will last . batteries may last longer if not stored fully discharged . as the battery self-discharges over time , its voltage gradually reduces . when depleted below the low-voltage threshold of the protection circuit ( 2.4 to 2.9 v/cell , depending on chemistry ) it will be disabled and cannot be further discharged further until recharged . it is recommended to store batteries at 40% charge level . ( emphasis mine ) from that you can deduce : if the manufacturer behaved responsibly ( which we may assume ) , the battery was charged at about 40% when leaving the factory . assuming it took at least a month to get to you ( it was at store as well , so it should have taken that long or longer ) , and consider the fact you bought it 6 month ago , the battery was not charged for at least 7 months . self-discharge rate , according to the article , is 5-10% per month -- so your battery is pretty empty now , and most likely already about to enter the " dangerous level " of deep-discharge . conclusion : you should at least check it twice a year ( once every 6 month ) and make sure to charge it up to ~40 . . 50% when not using it .
currently i do not think there is any way to change your dns on your mobile data . but if your phone is rooted you can use apps like set dns .
i encountered the same problem today , and thanks to transfusion . i tried to develop an app " dns forwarde r " to work it out . it does not change dns server on system , but forward dns queries to another server . this workaround works fine for me on kitkat ( nexus 5/4.4.3 and moto razr/cm11 ) . hope it can help other as well .
i am on kitkat cyanogenmod 11 , meaning i am rooted by default . despite that i can only report failure : 1st method : when i try the adb shell with and then test to which ip hjfdkhfjkyuiwnwetbyebvtwgqwdi . tk resolve 's . . . i get an nxdomain response , meaning it did not came from the opendns nameserver i have set ( which would return an answer with an alternative ip , to serve you adds ) . when doing getprop | grep dns  i would only see what i have configured . however when switching from wifi to mobile ( 3g or 4g/lte ) i see ip 's that i recognize as being assigned to my mobile carrier . apps like " dnswitch " or " dns changer " can re-set those resolvers automaticly at network change . however what getprop reports me , is still not what is truly doing the resolving . 2nd method [ a ] : another way i tried , is modifieng /system/etc/dhcpcd/dhcpcd-hooks/20-dns.conf an set things fixed in there ( but be aware network names and number of resolvers can differ ) . without success . 2nd method [ b ] : and in /system/etc/dhcpcd/dhcpcd.conf i removed the parameter to accept resolvers at dhcp negociation . no success either . 3th method : so far the only thing that would work a little is using a " poor man vpn " , using the app " ssh tunnel " , using socks4 , but using that i did not exactly got a good result . resume : it seems like either dns set elsewhere , or all are forwarded ( hijacked ) as soon the network is mobile . so , how come ? is it another dirty way to provide carriers with a tool to demolish network neutrality ? in your case your question was because of that . do you have ssh to try if sshtunnel is a alternative solution to get around your carriers censoring ?
ok , first of all full disclosure : i am the author of an app which is now on the google play store and which makes you able to change dns for any mobile connection on android 4.4 . the app requires root and is called override dns . i was told , on a now deleted answer , that is fair to link to my app as long as i expose it clearly . the problem i found with this release of android ( 4.4 ) is that , apparently for caching reasons , the system behaviour has been changed to redirect all dns queries to a system daemon called netd ( here 's a link to a presentation related to android networking before 4.4 which , however , covers part of these topics ) . the getprop/setprop method does not work anymore . those values , when changed , get simply ignored by the netd daemon . it is necessary to communicate directly to the daemon via the /dev/socket/netd socket . in android it is now present a tool called ndc which does exactly this job . the syntax for the dns related stuff is this : the app automatically guesses the network device name and applies these commands each time a mobile network gets activated .
sadly , it may be impossible to do as of right now , however , it is possible to try dns changer . this may work if you are rooted , but there are no guarantees . a good dns service to use would be google 's public dns service . it tends to work out very well for these type of issues right here . if none of this works , keep looking for answers . a good site for things like this is xda developers . they tend to have many answers on things for android .
i " solved " this problem by using an iptables rule to forward all port 53 connections to an intended dns server ; my experience on android 4.4.2 with attempting to modify dns settings while connected to 3g has been exactly as leo described ; ignorance of values in getprop |grep dns [ 0-9 ] \ ] : and dhcpd . conf . iptables -t nat -A OUTPUT -p udp --dport 53 -j DNAT --to-destination 8.8.8.8:53  the reason is as described here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=44722857postcount=6 all apps do dns lookups through netd via a /dev/socket/dnsproxyd unix socket . this thread also describes why system properties are being ignored . to undo this , do iptables -t nat -L OUTPUT -n -v --line-numbers  , find the line number that corresponds to udp dpt:53 to:xxx . xxx . xxx . xxx:53 and do iptables -t nat -D OUTPUT *linenumber* 
in the google talk app when i go into Overflow menu | settings | {username}@gmail.com i see a setting for " notification ringtone " under " chat notifications " . that is what you want , no ? ( i am still on ice cream sandwich so it is conceivable that things are a little different . )
i have seen this on occasion on mine . it seems to be a software issue , triggered by certain usage patterns . this post on xda-developers has some info on how you may be able to trigger it . that community seems to be hoping that the 4.1 jelly bean update will include a cure .
please try this : DIR_RESULT=$(adb shell if [ -d "/data/textdata" ]; then echo "exists"; else echo "not exists"; fi; ); 
i tried this on an avd and it works for me : ls /data/textdata &gt; /dev/null 2&gt;&amp;1 &amp;&amp; echo "exists" || echo "not exists" 
as devnul3 has said , using google for the contacts and calendar ( i was using google as an exchange account , so i did not have to do anything special ) . just set your android up with the same google account . moving smss can be done with sms migrator , which can be found in the android market . there is also the spb migration tool , which looks like it can do everything but notes .
for contacts and calendar entries , move the contacts to the google cloud with google sync , then activate the android device with the same account . note:if you created more than one google calendar , you will need to make sure they are all selected for sync on the phone ( open the calendar app , menu > more > calendars ) . not sure about notes/sms/bookmarks , although if you can get the bookmarks off of symbian and into chrome you can use chrome marks or chrome to phone to move them to android .
have you tried Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage applications &gt; Gallery &gt; Clear data ?
make sure you follow the tutorial exactly unless you know what you are doing ( well , unless you know what you are doing , you should not be attempting to install foreign system , like debian , over android ; the tutorial said it clearly : ) . make sure that the shell variables $kit and $mnt are defined and have the appropriate values ( if you follow the tutorial correctly , then $kit should have the value /system/sd and $mnt should have the value /data/local/mnt ) .
from the android stock email app , you can permanently delete emails if you access the trash folder and delete them from there : select and email to delete and touch the delete icon ; access the Trash folder ; repeat step 1 inside the trash folder for the same email . with this steps , the email gets permanently deleted from your account . i have tested this steps just now to be sure . anyways , i did not find any setting within the app or account preferences , in order to do this more seamless !
as far as i have seen this always happens when you use imap to access a gmail account , it used to happen to me years ago when i used thunderbird mail to connect to gmail over imap . the easiest thing to do is just to hide the folder in the web view of gmail , just hover your mouse over the " imap/trash " label and you should see a small downward pointing arrow one the label , click this and you should see the option to hide the problem label from both the " message list " and the " label list " .
the package which the game downloads ( after installing from google play that is ) is downloaded to the sd card . your best bet is to remove the app from ' manage applications ' option under settings .
you can delete the cache for play store and download provider . Settings - &gt; Applications - &gt; All (tab) - &gt; app name - &gt; Clear Cache  the space requirements vary app by app but all of them take up more than they package size .
yah , the system will crash if you do not have enough disk space to download and unpack an apk . a really silly design flaw that is been around since the first android os version . anyway , the offending data is probably stuck in a cache somewhere , such as the system tmp directory . go through Settings &gt; Applications and click on the All tab . scroll down until you can click on the entry for " play " and then click the " clear cache " button to ditch stuff in the google play cache folder . do not click " clear data " as this will put google play back to the factory default settings . it will list how much space the cache is taking up above the button , btw . if that is not much help , you can also try clicking on other apps and clearing their caches . ( map , email and browser apps usually have a boatload ) you might also want to download and install a cache cleaner to wipe the other caches clean if you are running low on space ; something might be a disk hog .
no , it is not possible . an update by default saves all files and settings . but you should do a factory reset before giving it to the service people ( be sure to backup all files before resetting ) . to reset , goto settings > backup and reset > factory reset after you press ok , your phone will be reset and all old files , apps , settings , etc will be deleted .
if you ever give your phone to a repair person or a rep at a carrier store you should assume your data can and will be looked at . unfortunately , i saw this all the time while working for verizon . we had reps that could not wait to get their hands on a phone and start looking through pictures and other private files of customers . i have actually seen reps save customers pictures to their own device ! it is one of the many , many reasons i quit . bottom line : anything on your phone can potentially be accessed and seen .
i got mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; android 4.4.2 ; sm-g900f build/kot49h ) applewebkit/537.36 ( khtml , like gecko ) version/4.0 chrome/30.0.0.0 mobile safari/537.36 acheetahi/2100050050 using the cm browser v5.0.50 a cross-comparison might help you debug .
i have just tried on my galaxy s5 and i got following useragent
after some poking around it would appear that in this case the browser is not identifying itself as running on an android device . i put the useragentstring you supplied into useragentstring . com and in the operating system details field it tells me ; Operating System: Linux running on a Intel CPU running on a 64 bit processor  if i enter the useragentstring for the stock browser on my htc one i get : Operating System: Android version 4.4.2  and on chrome mobile browser i also get : Operating System: Android version 4.4.2  i would suggest asking the user of the device to clear data/cache and see if the problem persists . i can not imagine samsung would have their browser setup like this by default . edit : also just found here that the useragentstring for the s4 should be something along the lines of ; Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; U; Android 4.2.2; nl-nl; GT-I9505 Build/JDQ39) AppleWebKit/534.30 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Mobile Safari/534.30 which is nothing like what you posted . if anyone on ae with an s5 could post their useragentstring ( can get it from here ) that would be useful , unless you know anyone else with an s5 where you could check against . edit2: fyi , the useragentstring for my stock browser on my htc is ; Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; U; Android 4.4.2; en-gb; HTC_One Build/KOT49H) AppleWebKit/534.30 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Mobile Safari/534.30 and for chrome ; Mozilla/5.0 (Lunix; U; Android 4.4.2; HTC One Build/KOT49H) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/35.0.1916.141 Mobile Safari/537.36
yesterday , google released chromecast app v1.7 , for selected devices running android 4.4.1 and above . this enabled devices to use screencast feature onto their chromecast .
must be by design . flashing the led infinitely would drain the battery ( even if only slightly ) . i do not see anything in settings regarding lengthening the amount of time the led will flash ; you can only specify what things cause led notification . after some searching it looks like the " missed reminder " app allows for a lot of notification customization - led interval , color , etc . not sure how to link an app so just search for it in the market . sounds promising . hope it helps .
i have noticed the my moto droid started doing this with the latest android 2.2 . the notification icon stays in the notification area , but the led stops flashing . personally , i like this behavior , but i do not know of any way to prevent it from " silencing " the blinking led . seems to be by design , and seems to be for the latest versions of android .
warning - i have not tried this . i have a lot of experience with android but have not specifically tried hacking google services on to a non aosp based rom . i recommend that you make a full nandroid backup through clockworkmod or any other recovery tool before you attempt this . if you can not backup , i would think seriously about not trying this . that said - google does not like rom developers ship their roms with all the google framework apps installed , which is good for you because it means that everything you need to get up and running properly with the playstore , gmail , google accounts etc can be found in one handy zip file . have a read up of this page , take note of this paragraph : google apps packages are not cross-compatible with other major android versions . for example , the 20120224 pack for ice cream sandwich ( android 4.0 ) is not compatible with gingerbread ( android 2.3 ) . likewise , the drc83 package for donut ( android 1.6 ) will not work with honeycomb ( android 3 . x ) . flashing an incompatible package may cause a variety of bugs , boot-loops , crashes , force-closes , kernel panics , plagues , rashes , coughing , sneezing , headaches , diarrhea , vomiting blood , blood dripping from scrotum , thermonuclear war , unending tic-tac-toe games , mayan doomsday , flooding , purple pustules forming on the face , a bricked device , exploding batteries , or nothing at all . regardless , it is not recommended , and support will not be provided by any competent developer to a user who has done so . the file which matches your os version ( gingerbread , 2.3 ) is http://goo.im/gapps/gapps-gb-20110828-signed.zip . flash this file via the recovery console , or you can install manually by following the script at \meta-inf\com\google\android\updater_script . again i warn you that you could mess up your device , and i am willing to bet there are not that many roms out there if you mess up the current one . good luck !
you have got quite a few apps that can do it : wifi file explorer wifi file transfer 3rd : wifidroid , it does not let me post more than two links because of my reputation , but you can search in google . 4th : airdroid , it allows you to transfer anything , and even control your phone with it . i have used the first too , both free and pro versions , i like the 2nd more , the 3rd i never used .
the pro version of wifi file transfer allows files of up to unlimited sizes to be transferred . you type the ip of the phone in the url bar , and it takes you to the root directory of the phone , where you can go to the sd card , or internal storage . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.smarterdroid.wififiletransferpro
there are a couple of options : ftp : access your phone via ftp . an allrounder would be es file explorer . use an ftp client on your computer or i.e. the firefox add-on fireftp . access the mobile hotspot open es file explorer > tools > remote manager > start . . . enter ftp-address in fireftp to access files from the mobile ( no system files ! ) samba : use the samba protocol if you rooted your device . samba filesharing is a good app . you can than connect your phones storage as a network drive on the computer . ssh : it is possible to mount the phones storage on the computer using sshfs . on a rooted android device , use sshdroid and on the computer you have to find solutions to support sshfs , ie . for windows it is win-sshfs . it dempends highly on your setup . the difficulty varies between the various os'es .
you should be able to do this through an app called tasker . check out useful or cool tasker recipes , you may be able to modify one of those scripts to do what you want .
you could also use alarm clock plus , it allows you to set an app to launch when the alarm goes off . http://www.appbrain.com/app/alarm-clock-plusv2%e2%98%85/com.vp.alarmclockplusdock
it is much easier to use a dedicated pdf app to do this than try to read pdfs in the browser . for example , you can upload a pdf in google play books via the web interface and then read it in the play books app , which on kitkat supports fullscreen mode , even hiding the notification and navigation bars . other pdf apps might have similar features , though i know that quickoffice does not .
suggestion : foldersync does support tasker , and tasker supports file events . idea based on a post : to detect the arival of a new file , use " file modified " but long press the folder instead of selecting a file within it . now tasker will monitor changes to the folder . so : use tasker to monitor tibu 's backup directory . if tasker detects changes , give it a wait for 5 minutes ( which should allow tibu to finish the backup ) , then let it trigger foldersync to synchronize with your windows share : condition : time → between x and z ( optionally , to minimize battery consumption . x should be at least a few minutes before the scheduled backup , z a few minutes after . make sure that z = the scheduled backup time plus the wait in below task plus some margin for the sync to complete ) event → file event → file modified ( select directory as described above ) task : tasker → wait ( 5 min , or whatever you feel best ) plugins → foldersync → ( whatever the action is called there )
these instructions are pretty hard to follow but should work : root insntructions
i assume you are on linux . if the zimage already has a ramdisk in it ( check by using unmkbootimg and confirming if you get initramfs . cpio . gz after decompiling ) , rename it to boot . img and do this in a terminal ( odin way ) : tar -H ustar -c boot.img &gt; boot.tar  or you can look for an existing kernel for your device , download the flashable zip for it , replace the boot . img inside with yours , then flash in cwm .
not a description of all system files that can be removed but the cyanogen barebones page gives a pretty good description of which system applications can be removed and how . this may help you clear out some space . details here : http://oldwiki.cyanogenmod.org/index.php?title=barebones
you can write your own using this cam api tutorial .
in terms of jpeg to png , there are apps out there for conversion ( based off of a quick search ) , one of them being : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jp.co.valsior.resizer also , if you have a samsung device , i found this little tidbit that caused someone to save all their images as pngs : http://androidforums.com/samsung-galaxy-note-2/669470-camera-saves-images-default-png-format.html . even then , they only save as this format after passing through samsung 's proprietary photo editor app on the person 's note ii . in terms of pure shooting in png , though , camera fv-5 appears to be the only choice . :/ hope this helped , and if anyone finds another app that can perform this function , i would be interested in checking it out as well !
jpeg with 100% compression quality is not lossless but maybe the picture quality will be good enough for you , here are two apps i know which has the ability to set the compression quality to 100%: snap camera hdr ( jpeg quality : best = 100% according to the developers website ) , trial here camera mx
there could be two reasons for this , i am assuming i know what sound you are talking about since you have not provided an audio example . you have sounds for phone sleep and phone awake in your settings and/or you have notification sounds enabled . you have skype installed with the notifications on for people login/logout , the logout makes a yawning sound . check this out and i guess one of them is your root cause : )
no , the tablet only fits into the transfomer keyboard/dock one way , with the screen closed against the keyboard when folded shut .
if it is a miui theme it will be compatible , but i highly recommend you to use the themes app that comes built-in your miui rom .
there is an option in security settings : power button instantly locks screen : https://www.dropbox.com/s/z80ckhnd5nmyrmj/screenshot_2012-05-21-21-04-15.png
there is a keyboard better that that of blackberry : swiftkey x . believe me , you will love its artificial intelligence based suggestions . it learns from your typing habits to suggest you better . and , it can learn from twitter , facebook , gmail and rss feed too ( quick learning ) .
you can try default android keyboard . search for gingerbread keyboard or icecream sandwich keyboard in play store .
solved : while the rageagainstthecage exploit is not working with the infuse , you can root it with the psneuter exploit . easiest way to do it is with the superoneclick application .
you can indeed , just hold down the shift key and move the cursor with the dpad/trackbal/etc . from the comments : the center key in the d-pad activates the two text-selection hands , which can be moved anywhere using the d-pad directional keys . then , pressing the d-pad center key again , copies the selection to the clipboard .
via your desktop computer , go to the contacts section in gmail . click the more button and then restore contacts . you will be shown a dialog box where you can pick a particular time to restore to within the past 30 days . that should restore your contact data . after that just sync your device .
the solution is very simple , the problem is that the rom is just reading the phone contacts and you just have to delete a file ! caveat emptor your phone must be rooted go download an app called root explorer from play store launch root explorer go to this directory /data/data/com.android.contacts/shared_preferences then delete com.android.contacts_preferences.xml that is the first part done , remaining part is this , now , go into your contacts app via home screen or application drawer , tap on menu , then tap on import/export , then import all the contacts from sim to phone !
the first thing i would try to do is to retrieve the logs of the errors via adb , and/or crash dumps . retrieving the logs is tricky , since the log cache gets erased on reboot . if the phone reboots even while sitting on a charger , try running adb logcat continuously ( you will need android sdk and usb drivers installed and configured on your pc . ) when the phone reboots , look at the last several pages in the command prompt window for any errors or abnormalities . if you can not reproduce the reboots while the phone is hooked up to usb , i suggest installing an app like alogcat , and setting it up to write logs to the sd card on an interval . hopefully you will get lucky and catch the errors that way . you can also try pulling out the crash dumps via the following commands : su cat /proc/last_kmsg &gt; /mnt/sdcard/last_kmsg  this should create a file named " last_kmsg " on your sd card that contains last few debugging messages from the kernel . open it with any text editor and see if anything obvious shows up .
you can install the android sdk and use ddms to monitor the logcat . the thing with a logcat , it is cleared when the device reboots , but you may be able to get an idea of what is crashing if you are monitoring it before it reboots . you can probably also find unofficial cm9 nightlies for the galaxy s2 , but i am not sure what issues still exist for that device .
i had the same problem but in the few minutes it gave me each time i experimented and found that it stopped crashing if i went to the network update in the settings , even though there is no update available . it now works but i would annoying needing to do that every time .
i had a similar random-rebooting problem , and after one such reboot , i hooked up the phone to my laptop and ran " adb bugreport " on it . i got what looked like useful information , and attached it to the bug . so i think at least some log information survives a reboot . here 's the bug , btw : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=24118
you can try alogrec , and if you like it , the donate version . written by the same programmer that wrote alogcat , it continuously records the log ( logcat ) to your sd card . i have not tested it for how it reacts with restart from a crash , but i tested with a manual restart and the recorded log survived the restart and could see the shutdown sequence being logged . one downside is the log does not include timestamps . my t-mobile s ii had been crashing ( restarting ) when using basic features - ending a call ( once ) , taking a picture ( once ) or using navigation ( 3 times ) . i upgraded from ics 4.0.3 to 4.0.4 . so far it has been good . i wish i had known about alogrec while i was having these restarts .
if your phone is rooted , you can install market enabler from android market and choose another location . sometimes you may need to change the language settings on your device .
if your g2x is rooted , the easiest work-around would be deleting the tasker 's data from recovery . download and install android sdk and lg 's drivers for the g2x . reboot the g2x into recovery mode ( preferably clockworkmod ) , connect to pc , and in command prompt issue the following commands : cd c:\androidsdk\platform-tools\ adb shell su rm -rf /data/data/net . dinglisch . android . taskerm reboot this should remove all tasker profiles , including the " bad " one .
what i would try the following : remember to try to connect to the laptop between each stage and if it still doesnt connect , go to the next step . doublecheck that your phone can connect to another computer , since my list assumes that the problem is on the pc , and not any settings on the phone . use a short usb cable without extenders , and use the best usb port to make sure that your phone gets enough power and speed for the connection . if you have a blue usb port ( usb3.0 ) in your laptop , use that one and use the stock usb to micro usb 3.0 cable . make sure your phone is up to date by going into " settings"-> " general"-> " about device"-> " software update " -> " update " in early stages of new samsung updates , you need to do it via kies . check for an update via your other pc ( desktop ) . open kies -> " tools " -> " firmware upgrade and initiation " reinstall kies and make sure kies is up to date ( under " help"-> " check for update" ) reinstall the usb driver . open kies -> " tools " -> " troubleshoot connection error " reinstall the usb driver manually . http://developer.samsung.com/android/tools-sdks/samsung-andorid-usb-driver-for-windows
android updates are given three basic classifications : major , minor , security . ( i am looking for a source for this , but i have been unable to find it thus far . ) security upgrades , at least , are supposed to be part of the core code and have the least disruption to customizations the carrier and/or manufacturer have made . however , it is still up to the carrier and/or manufacturer to take the update and incorporate it into their particular flavor of the os . some are better at it than others .
you mentioned that you are not a us citizen , but do you live in the us and have a us phone number ? if not , google voice is not yet available outside us , and you just have to wait for them to expand the service .
there are some guides online about activating a non-us phone number on google voice . it usually requires acquiring of a us phone number , and installation of ip-spoofing software on your pc .
if you already have gvoice via other means , then the app should pick up the saved phone number from the web service . do not try to use your non-us number ( see onik 's answer ) . if you do have a us number , try to activate via the website instead of the app .
all computers have a special piece of hardware called the clock ( more fully , the real-time clock or rtc ) . the clock is connected to the cpu , but it runs even when the computer is completely powered down . on a desktop computer , a battery on the motherboard keeps the clock running even when it is unplugged from the mains . mobile devices tend to have a large capacitor ( which is a bit like a rechargeable battery ) , so even if you pull the main battery out , the clock can continue to keep time for some hours . at regular intervals , the clock sends a signal to the cpu called an interrupt . it tells the cpu to interrupt whatever it is doing to process this signal . this is the same mechanism used by other parts of the computer ( such as the touch screen ) to send input to the cpu . the rate of the signals can be controlled by the kernel : it might be as slow as once per second , or as fast as a thousand times per second . this sounds like a lot of signals , but do not forget that today 's computers take a fraction of a nanosecond to do a single operation , so even a 1 khz clock only interrupts every few million operations . do not confuse the real-time clock with the cpu clock and the cpu 's clock rate , which are typically a few ghz . the cpu clock is not a timekeeping device : it sets the number of operations per second the cpu can perform , and is a big factor in how much power the cpu draws . on most cpus , the kernel can decrease the cpu clock rate , turn off some cpu cores , and maybe even power down some caches , all to reduce power consumption . this is what happens when your android device goes to sleep , but the exact changes are different from one phone to another . the cpu is still running , just more slowly , and drawing less power . as izzy points out , if the phone uses arm 's big . little system , it might even be a completely different cpu core that runs in sleep mode : a slower one tuned for low power consumption . consider , then , that the rtc is still running in sleep mode , and the cpu is still receiving and processing clock interrupts . this is still necessary for the cpu to keep track of different processes and allocate time between them fairly . one of the processes is the system 's alarm manager . this has a sorted list of all the apps on the system that have registered an alarm . the alarm manager does not run continuously : rather , it tells the kernel when the first alarm is , and the interrupt handler for the clock interrupts is responsible for checking the time and waking up the alarm manager when appropriate . this way , the cpu only needs a few instructions per clock to compare the current time with the time of the next wake-up . in addition , the alarm manager has its own optimizations to keep the device asleep as much as possible . when several apps want to run at intervals ( e . g . to check email every 15 minutes ) , the alarm manager will not run them individually at the exact times they asked for , waking up the device several times over that 15 minute window . instead , it will run all of them at the same time , so the device only needs to wake up once . on top of that , many alarms will not run at all if the device is asleep . for example , if an app wants to run every hour to change your home screen background , there is no point in doing that while the device is asleep , because you can not see it . it will tell the alarm manager that it does not need to wake up the device to run , so the alarm manager will ignore that alarm when telling the kernel when it needs to run . that way , if the device is asleep when the time comes , the alarm will only happen when the device next wakes up .
androirc supports PASS , although it is hidden in the settings . open the app , and press the menu key . then , select " servers " . press the menu key again , and select " new server " . look for the field " password": if you set a password , it will be sent with PASS .
all i know is to use odin on windows . if heimdall does not work , you will have no chance from osx . but there might be one solution : unpack your umage until you have a recovery . img file . put it on your rooted device . in the device shell as root type if=/pathtorecoverymimg of=/dev/block/platform/ , , , , , /by-name/recovery sync , reboot to do a backup of the partition first is always a good idea . just do it the other way round to get a backup in a file . some devices automatically restore recovery on boot . try to reboot directly into recovery ( eventually disable automated recovery recovery using cwm recovery : )
if you are using ics or jelly bean , there is a free app called bluetooth auto connect that will automatically connect to devices you specify . from the looks of it , it was designed because some devices do not auto connect to any bluetooth devices ( let alone two ) . it will likely work for your phone as well , if you are running android 4 .
i found this : http://ars.samsung.com/customer/usa/jsp/faqs/faqs_view_us.jsp?site_id=22pg_id=2prod_sub_id=557prod_id=558at_id=368733 and it seems to be working . i am not really sure now what that ota update was but i will ignore it .
odin-ing to 2.2 should be no different than odin-ing to 2.1 . if you flash pure stock no traces will be left in the system or data partitions of any rooting or custom roms or whatever . you may need to clean your internal/external sd to remove folders from apps that require root , just in case , but that is about it . this xda thread has 1-click odin for 2.2 . the non-rooted version is supposed to still be odexed , according to one of the messages in the thread , and thus should be pure stock . that said : why do you need 2.2 to return for a warranty ? they should not care whether or not you updated as long as your 2.1 is also official .
without doing any research about it at all , this sounds like something that is right up winamp ' s alley . i know it supports streaming audio , but streaming video might be a different matter . edit : also , this guy suggests renaming . m3u8 files to . m3u as . m3u has wider support in apps . perhaps save the . m3u8 file you want from the web , rename the extension , and play it that way ?
i think vplayer can stream it for you . they have a free trial but after the trial it is like 4usd to unlock the full version .
m3u8 is the unicode version of m3u , which is simply a playlist file , providing a media player a list of media files to play . open it up in a text editor and you will see from the contents . it is a very simple format and most media players will pick it up . the default media player included in the android os uses m3u for its internal playlists . more info here . i suspect that is not what you are asking though , since you mentioned streaming . you do not " play " an m3u file , you play the content it refers to within . your best chance of success is to open the m3u [ 8 ] file on your pc and look at the actual video content url ( s ) and try to load one directly in your media player of choice . if that does not work , ask back here but provide the media url so we can attempt to work out its format . if you do find the underlying video stream format , this handy reference lists the supported stream types .
upgrading gapps to the correct version ( i was running 10.1 gapps on a 10.2 cm build ) solved the issue . i did not have to reinstall the rom or anything like that , simply flash the new gapps over the old .
i had the same problem ( on a toro , verizon galaxy nexus ) , grey signal icons and had almost all gapps unable to open at all . most would cause a force close message when the phone was idle every few minutes . i went to cyanogenmod wiki : gapps and downloaded the 10.2 gapps , uninstalled all that were available in the play store ( from the play store ) and re-installed them immediately . once i went through and linked them all back to my google account and did a restart on the phone the connection icons became the familiar and comfortable cyan color . once i did all that and gave the phone a day to ' soak ' , it is running with even more buttery smoothness than ever .
no , you can not do this transparently . the dialer app talks directly to the TelephonyManager in android , which is integrated with the driver for the phone baseband . even if you could do this , it would only work for outgoing calls anyway : incoming calls would arrive at your phone , and by that point it is too late for an app to do something else with them . your best bet is installing a voip app and using that . you also have to tell all your wife 's contacts to use the voip number instead of her phone number ( or set up call forwarding with the carrier ) . but if you are having signal problems , it seems likely you will have just the same problem with voip , unless you are always on wi-fi .
the android dialer has sip capability , which should come pretty close to what you want . assuming you have a sip provider ( e . g . , callcentric ) , you can both send and receive calls over wifi/data using the native android dialer . you can configure the dialer to always make calls over sip when connected to wifi/data or to prompt you each time you make a call . i do not know how to select automatically based on the number , but you may be able to use tasker for that . instructions for configuring sip in the dialer are available here .
now , i am not 100% that this is the exact issue , as i do know that this is the case with . m3u playlists , but i have not tried using . pls files for a playlist . the problem sounds like it is with the media scanner . when it scans the directory that the . pls file is in , it sees the playlist file ( the . pls ) but if the directory does not have any other media files in there ( like . mp3 for example ) then it automatically assumes that the playlist is empty so it deletes it . you can create a file in the directory called .nomedia and the media scanner will not even scan the directory , leaving your . pls files alone . to test this , you could just drop some type of media file in the directory with the . pls and see if it is still deleted ( or add the . nomedia file ) . if it is not deleted , then it is 100% the media scanner causing the files to delete . if it is still deleted , then i would check if in your application you are deleting them some how .
i do not know if this applies to the s4 but on my nexus devices it shows up on my pc as a ' drive ' but i can not access anything until the phone is unlocked ( the normal screen lock - pattern/pin ) . if you have a screen lock set it should not allow access to the device until you unlock it .
unlike REINDEX , the VACUUM command needs to create a new temporary file to work in . it then replaces the database file with this temporary file . this means that it needs write access , not only to the database file , but also to the directory it is in .
it should show your pictures as they are added ( aka not all-or-nothing ) . i would try rebooting your device , also check if maybe your battery level is low ( under i think 20% it does not upload , similar to dropbox )
try disabling Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development -&gt; USB debugging in conjunction with setting Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; USB settings to mass storage . if that does not work , and enabling usb debugging does not work , then i would assume it is an osx issue . you could try reinstalling the official drivers , if there are any .
you could change the guest network to be low priority by editing the supplicant . conf file ( probably requires root , or adb use ) . you can find out what file this is by looking at /etc/wifi/wifi.conf ; the file you need is set as the SUPP_CONFIG_FILE property 's value . normally it is /data/wifi/bcm_supp.conf or /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf . you will see entries like the following in that file : network={ ssid="network name" someotherproperty="some other value" priority=0 }  you want to have priority=0 for the networks you least want to connect to , and a higher priority for networks you do want to connect to . if you just have " do not want " and " want " , use 0 and 1 . if you have " do not want " , " not preferred " , " preferred " , and " super-preferred " , use values 0 , 1 , 2 , and 3 respectively . you get the idea .
is your device rooted ? if so , you can access the /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant . conf file and set/edit the priority field for each network . i looked around on the market , and i have not been able to find any apps that will allow you to edit this field in a gui , or any other way to do it without root . i have not personally experimented with it either , so i am not 100% sure how it will work , but it is the only option i have found that looks like it might help you control which network your phone connects to when there are multiple configured networks within range .
there is not any way to get to it . it is basically turning on and off a developer facing backup feature . each app can write what it wants to into a certain amount of space , and google takes care of sending it back to the app when it is reinstalled . even if you were to write an app for it , you had only be able to access the storage linked to that developer key , not the other apps that use the service . for more info on what that option does , see my answer here .
close odin , disconnect your phone , restart odin , reboot your phone , put the phone into download mode again , and then connect your phone and ensure odin sees it . sometimes odin just does not recognize the device and you need to try again . odin will show something like the yellow highlighted area below when the phone is properly connected :
seems that no special folder is used to store attachments - strange since i am definitely saw the message ' picture too large - compressing ' when trying to send an image via mms . i would have expected this to be saved somewhere . i will accept my own answer here , unless someone else can give some valuable information .
they work like normal shortcuts , just long-press the icon and drop it into the recycling bin , and then open the app menu , long-press Search and drag it down to the dock . edit : the dock in question is not customizable from the default settings , but it can be patched through clockworkmod . the most comprehensive customization options i have seen can be found here . the files need to be applied through clockworkmod so the device has to be rooted . just download the file you prefer , move it to the internal sdcard and apply the update from recovery . be sure to backup first , just in case .
2.2.1 was the big lag fix release on the galaxy s , that made a huge difference to the device 's speed compared to the previous 2.1 and 2.2 releases . to me , the gingerbread 2.3.3 feels very much the same to me as 2.2.1 did .
although they did not change the file system , they did make improvements and i am personally noticing significantly less lag on 2.3.3 coming from 2.2 .
from techie-buzz . com : [ o ] ne major disappointment with this firmware is that it still uses the rfs file system . the rfs fs is the major culprit behind all the lags and stalling issues which majority of the galaxy s owners face . if you want to fix your lag i recommend an ext4 lagfix . if you flash a kernel such as voodoo with odin , you do not even need to root first ( note that flashing it will void your warranty anyways though ) . this guide describes the process for an android 2.3.4 kernel for the sgs gt-i9000 . i use voodoo on my sgs vibrant and it is awesome .
ruby has not been ported to android , though you might want to check out ruboto . for simple editing there are a few options , but i do not believe emacs has been ported either , there are no market results anyways . rooting might provide you the ability to run linux on your phone , but android is not linux . its kernel is largely based on the linux kernel but that is about it . you cannot run any linux application with a gui on android , it would need to be rewritten . i am not sure to what extent native command line apps would need to be rewriten , though of course they would need to be recompiled . android also does not have a full java vm .
you can install a working debian distro on your phone without upsetting the distribution on the phone already . this way you will have a full userland with stuff you are used to on any other linux box . you should ssh into your phone to use this comfortably . install this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.dyndns.sven_ola.debian_kit
try this method . basically any c , c++ compiled for arm will work http://geeknizer.com/install-run-linux-applications-on-android/
at the present date , emacs port for android already exists : android-emacs-toolkit released jun 23 , 2012: android-emacs-toolkit helps to build android development environment on emacs . it contains a emacs major mode which help to develop android sdk and ndk program . gnu emacs ported to android available from google play store , last updated august 23 , 2012: gnu emacs ported to android ! runs on modified version of terminal emulator - requires hardware keyboard and a rather big display . includes busybox and eshell . ssh ( for tramp ) and git are planned . additionally , you may find useful the information provided by emacswiki - emacsonandroid , that essentially is a guide about installing emacs into an android device .
" rooting " allows you access to the internal android environment , which of course consists of more than just the linux kernel . so you are running linux , but you should consider it as though you are running under a different distribution than say debian or redhat . there is a different set of standard libraries and some files are in different locations . at least on my droid ext2 support is not built-in by default . there is also no init or cron . the full set of linux modules is not available unless you compile them yourself and put then in /system/lib/modules . important ones you may miss on standard roms are cifs , ext2 , tun , and others . most , if not all , phones running android are arm cpus . so the binaries you run on them must be arm " eabi " " soft-float " binaries . if you have the source you can cross-compile whatever utilities you need , but read on . there are many standard commands and utilities available in the /system/bin directory such as grep , ps , cp , rm , mv , ls , ip , even vi . you have enough to get by until you . . . . . . use the " linux installer " utility to install a chroot'ed debian environment . debian has supported arm for a while . it takes some work , but if you can root your phone , and have a sizeable enough sd card , this is the way to go . this is close to a standard linux system and under it you can install and run ruby . of course cpu and ram limitations come into play .
you could have a detailled explanation of what is in the /proc directory in the linux man page
i use ota rootkeeper , which includes a feature to backup su and temporarily unroot the phone . once temporarily unrooted , it can re-root by restoring the su backup . ( in addition it also attempts to preserve root when you apply an ota update from your wireless carrier , which is a really nice feature . )
this question has already been asked and answered : to summarize , look for the application called " superuser " ( as one suggestion ) . -edit- per suggestion should the link go down : how can i disable root on a modded device ? if you install superuser you can control which apps are allowed root access . by default it blocks all requests and asks you what you want to do . you can give an app access indefinitely and revoke it at any time , or allow only specific requests with a timeout . most rooted roms come with it pre-installed , including cyanogenmod , and many rooting methods will install it for you as well . as an alternative , you could remove the su binary and busybox from your device to effectively un-root it .
rooting is reversible . so if you unroot your phone , the applcation will not see anything .
here is what worked for me : 1- you need to have xposed framework installed , you can install it from here : http://repo.xposed.info/module/de.robv.android.xposed.installer , xposed is a framework for modules that can change the behavior of the system and apps without touching any apks . 2- download the root cloak xposed module from here http://repo.xposed.info/module/com.devadvance.rootcloak and enable it . 3- add the app your trying to hide the root from . reboot will be required a couple of times within the process .
to detect rooting status of device , an app issues su command . if exit status is 0 , it means device is rooted . . otherwise , not . to prevent this , you can simply Deny the root access using superuser 's pop-up ( provided its allowed from superuser settings , a pop-up appears when an app issues su command ) . after this , the app will get non-zero exit status and it can not determine rooting status . update : some apps can use other ways to check root status ( like checking the su binary file existence ) . i would like to admit that none are perfect methods without false-positive result , but sometimes they are successful with luck . the best universal method to prevent detection : restrict the permission of app 's daemon . i can not suggest exact permission limitations because i do not know functions of the app . it can mess up with app 's functionalities . in the last , i would like to say : technically , there is no way to prevent detection by 100% success rate . in case of permission limitations , the app can still suspect that something is wrong .
there are huge differences between 1.6 and 2.2 . 1.6 is also a pretty old version of android . flash is only available for 2.2 and later , so if you have to have flash then you need to go with 2.2 . but the archos 43 does not have an fm receiver , the 48 has a receiver , and transmitter . the ui had big improvements in 2.2 compared to 1.6 . the ability to install apps on an external sdcard is also available on 2.2 , but i do not think you will really need that as the 48 says it has 500gb ( that seems like a lot for a device like that . . . ) . i have also read that it is possible to install froyo on the 48 . 3 . x is currently only available on select devices as they have to " partner " with google in order to have access to honeycomb ( 3 . x ) . so i would not expect to see an update on these devcies anytime soon for 3 . x .
android 2.2 also introduced a better just-in-time compiler , so the system runs quite a bit faster than before . features list here .
i figured it out . if you navigate to this page , and tick the receive text messages on this phone box all texts to google voice will be forwarded to your phone via sms . this generates a new number for each of your contacts that will travel between google voice before delivery , making it so you will always show as your google voice number to friends , even if you are outside of wifi . so just need to save the new number for each contact and be sure to text that instead of their actual number and it works perfect . more info here .
if you did not already have your bootloader unlocked and tools in place to reload the android operating system ( ie , roms or disk images ) , i strongly suspected you are completely screwed .
i believe this is a problem of the rom itself ( android 2.2 in ace ) . even with only the basic applications it would show the same error . anyway this problem is solved for me . i upgraded my phone to android 2.3.4 . after that , up to now ( nearly 5 month ) i have not come across that problem .
i believe this is a problem with samsung 's ui , touchwiz ; i experienced this on a couple roms for my galaxy s . i do not know of any way to fix it without replacing your rom , but i did find that going to Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; WiFi settings and toggling wifi there seemed to work . settings is a standard android os app and thus bypasses whatever problem touchwiz has when you try to toggle the wifi from the notification area .
i did have a problem a few months ago where i would keep getting an error when i tried to turn wifi on , which needed a reboot of the phone to fix . i traced it back to an app that i would installed recently , the app in question monitored the wifi connections and did funny things ensuring you connected to specified wifi points when they were available . after i uninstalled the app the problem went away ( the app in question was the bt fon app , in case you have the same one ) . so it is probably worth thinking about when the problem first started , and then working out which apps that have anything to do with wifi you may have installed or updated around that time , and removing those apps for a few days to see if it helps .
you can try this , on the dial pad , enter *#*#526#*#* this will automatically load the wifi drivers . once you see that driver loading successful , you can then turn on the wifi and it might work . . .
if you are happy with a solution that you can use on a pc , then superuser . com has this : how do i convert an animated gif to a youtube friendly video format ? for an on-android solution , none of the video coverters specifically mention this but as the ffmpeg library does support this ( as seen in the superuser answer ) , apps like video converter android or media converter and so on , being ffmpeg based , should be able to do it .
you can use this online tool to convert it : http://www.giftovideo.com/ regarding tools , you could use ffmpeg + imagemagick , but it is kind of tricky finding the correct options . there is some instructions here . i tried but some of the cases did not work .
if this is the new droid maxx ( 2013 model , motxt1080m ) , then it is already unlocked out of the box . just pop your sim card in and it will work . just be aware that the data will be hspa+ and not lte .
provided you bought the correct sim card ( straighttalk provides its service using all 4 major us mobile networks - att , tmo , verizon and sprint ) from how to convert verizon wireless phones to straight talk : contact verizon wireless . verify your account information and explain to the representative that you would like to unlock your phone for use with another service . pay your outstanding balance due and the early termination fee , if applicable . obtain an unlock code from the representative .
apparently my phone is lte and that is not available where i live , so my cell was working overtime trying to connect and it caused an issue with my data connectivity when i updated to ics . i updated my profile , prl , and clicked off lte/cdma to just cdma and all is running perfectly !
the flash memory in the device may have died . this would cause any data on the chip ( the /data chip ) to not be picked up by the system , so it assumes that it is coming fresh out of a box . this means that the chip ( s ) in the device may have used all of their write cycles . this is the reason ssds are not used for their reliability . all flash chips ( thumbdrives , ssds , anything with a size of two to the power of x ( 2,4,8,16 . . . ) that is not ram . . . ) have a limited number of possible write-erase cycles . in most cases , this is unfixable other than replacing the chip . and in your case ( if this is indeed your problem ) this essentially is terminal . limiting writes to the chip ( do not update apps , install-remove apps etc . . . ) is the only way to slow this process . . . . for the last couple of years . . . in your situation this can be caused by general usage , esp , over this time period . my eeepc 's ssd did not last a year . although , this could be something completely different , i am just going by inferences as i could not see anything on google .
this is an issue i have as well , it lies with the apps , whose settings override the default ringer and vibration settings . in order to completely disable vibrations you will have to disable them in settings > sound , and individually in each app . twitter app you will have to go to settings > and there is a notification settings sections that allows you to disable vibration . as an aspiring developer , it will be my goal to default to system settings but allow for customization , as it should be . . .
not sure if this helps , but slices for twitter will let you tap on a link to open it up in the built-in web browser , then tap on the share button to bring up the list of targets for urls , including pocket . you do not have to wait for the page to finish loading before sharing the link to pocket , which allows this process to be fairly quick . that is 3 total taps to save something to pocket . i admit , a built-in method of saving a tweeted link to pocket/instapaper would be much better . tap and hold on a link to bring up options , then tap on a read later link .
summing up from the comments : there are multiple possibilities . while not all of them might work , you still might give them a try : narayanan writes : some device can be flashed by booting through goldcard . read many questions that are related and find with google how you can prepare a goldcard for your device . according to lie ryan , this will not be feasible for you , as it only applies to some htc devices . recommendation from ce4: adb shell mount -t tmpfs none /sdcard then adb push update.zip /sdcard/ . after that you can install the update regularly ( maybe you need to enable adb first in the settings . this procedure creates a temporary tmpfs filesystem at /sdcard . you use it to just-in-time upload your update to it via adb , cwm will not notice that it is not the regular sdcard which is mounted and will be fine ) this should work fine for you , provided you have usb debugging active or are at least able to activate it .
i made a stupid mistake on the other device is called Plays Store and here it is called simply Market , anyway i found you can also download it as an .apk file and install it .
many android devices which do not support the google play store do support amazon appstore , which functions much the same . you can browse or search thousands of android apps on amazon 's site , or via the app itself , and upon finding one you like , you can install it directly , just as you would via google play . you can purchase paid apps using your amazon account , as well as download many free ones . there are other apps of this nature as well , such as getjar .
what you are referring to here is called sideloading - this is a term used when loading an app on to a device without using the/a market store . it is possible to get apk files for apps , but there're generally good reasons why most developers do not make these publicly available - some developers will make these available thought , it depends on the individual . i would email the developer in question and ask if you could have an apk version of the app . i would not imagine that they would have any issues with this if your request is legitimate and above board .
your notes will be automatically backed up to sd card of your device , unless you turn off ' auto backup ' option . also you can manually back up notes to sd card . furthermore , if you sign up for online sync service , the notes will be backed up to the cloud storage as well . source : http://www.colornote.com/faq.html#collapse6 so you can check your sd card but that is about it . if you set up cloud sync ( which i think you did not since you mentioned you did not back up ) . . . checking your sd card is your only hope .
i would suggest you to mount your phone and use photorec tool in ubuntu . last time i did that to recover photos . . and it works ( assuming factory reset is as equal as formatting the device )
if you have the db files then the only way is to root your mobile and copy the corresponding db files to the location ( data/data/com . socialnmobile . dictapps . notepad . color . note ) .
as i know : factory reset => erase all data . it is good to make a backup . . but sadly the backup is not working all the time and is not working for all applications . i am sorry dude , you cannot recover your data . you could try at a gsm service . . . maybe some specialist can do something , but i do not think so .
short answer : no . long answer : not usually , but there some exceptions . in general , to root the phone , you first have to unlock the bootloader . this wipes the internal storage , keeping your data safe . ( it does not usually wipe the sd card , but you have to assume an attacker will just remove the sd card if he wants to read it ) . you had almost think it was designed this way ! you can easily get past a screen lock using adb , but you have already specified that that is disabled . even if usb debugging is enabled on the phone , newer android versions have a " confirm the debugging key " prompt when you use adb from a new pc , which requires the attacker to unlock the screen anyway . some phones have low-level security vulnerabilities that are not part of android . for example , you used to be able to root any exynos4 device ( such as the samsung galaxy s3 ) by running an app that abused the camera interface to exploit the way the camera driver works . ( this flaw has now been fixed in ota updates . ) in this particular case , you had need to install a special app of your choice onto the phone and run it to exploit the vulnerability . it is likely that any future errors like this will also need the attacker to run a special app , so can not be used on a locked phone with usb disabled , but it is conceivable that some flaw might be added that could be exploited from the lock screen ( perhaps using mtp or usb-otg ) . the last exception is , of course , if the bootloader is already unlocked . in this case , the attacker can flash anything he likes to the system . he would not even need to root the phone : he could simply disable the lock screen and reboot the phone to get to the home screen . some users think that bootloader locking is just to make things harder for users , but it is an important part of android 's security mechanism .
no you can not . . google creates the " plain android version " or vanilla , specifically to work with only a couple of phones ( nexus s and galaxy nexus ) , for the other phones the manufacturer has to customize the operating system to work with their hardware , and the carrier ( at and t etc ) usually has to pay the manufacturer for that os version and at the same time asking to have their bloatware put in as well . your best bet is to buy the most popular phone or the nexus line of phones . for your current phone you should check out http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=628 and see if someone has ported over ics in a custom rom , you will need to root your phone , but it is worth it : )
technically , yes , you can build the " plain version " of android : http://source.android.com/source/initializing.html however , it is difficult to do this for all but a handful of devices ( official " google " developer devices , such as the nexus line of phones ) because every android phone requires its own drivers and these are not freely available . this is where projects like cyanogenmod step in : they take the vanilla build of android , add a few minor features to it , and then try to release it for as many devices as possible . typically way before any manufacturer gets around to updating the phones ( if ever ) . cyanogenmod 9 is the ics version of android , and is tba . in short , the difference between htc and google is that htc takes the vanilla android version and then " skins " it with htc sense . this is one of the many reasons there is a bit of a delay between when google release a new version of android ( for example , ics ) and when the manufacturers get around to doing it , because they have to fix their changes/skin to the new version of android .
first of all htc will not be releasing ics for htc desire . you can get plain vanilla android experience , i.e. android built for htc desire using ics source from here . this rom is built directly using the code from google . but google is not building it . awesome guy by the name sandvold is building it . please note that this is only a beta version and usb tethering , video and panorama are not working yet . i have been using this rom from past few months and its awesome . its fast and smooth . in case you want to follow the development , the development thread is here . as noted by @brian , you need to root your phone before you can install this .
you have to remove each app shortcut and/or widget from the launcher one at a time . i would start looking into password-protecting the apps on the tablet as you would for a young child . see these related questions : stackexchange-url
simply removing widgets and shortcuts from the screen will only prevent the very unexperienced ( i.e. . those who never used an android device before ) from accessing other apps , and not even sure for them . if your goal is to prevent most people from doing so ( the very experienced will always find a way to circumvent your protection ) , you rather need something like a kiosk-mode . recoomended readings/references on this : deny the installation of apps or add new accounts ( kiosk mode ) -- another q and a here on our site child-proofing an android phone ? -- again a q and a at android enthusiasts kioware - kiosk system software -- an android kiosk solution kiosk mode on android with surelock -- also mentioned in the first q and a kiosk mode on android -- a blog on the topic google search on the topic german overview on app lockers ( google translate version of the same page ) btw : if you initialize all those tablets using the same google account , you can easily manage installations via your computers web browser ( just a hint along ) .
undeleted my answer , though it is incomplete . i am aware that even with root access , there are certain things a rooted app can not do . elixir 2 , for example has a system add-on which allows the gps toggle to turn on gps directly through its widget . without this , the gps toggle opens the screen for you to turn on the gps manually . maybe someone else can explain . an app is either a user app or a system app . a user app is stored in the /data folder , while a system app is stored in the /system folder . to access either folder , you need root access . giving a user app root access means it can perform actions that requires root access , such as accessing / modifying system files . but what makes a system app unique is that it does not get deleted if you do a Factory Reset . it becomes part of the android operating system . related questions : what are the differences between a system app and user app ? permission is only granted to system app , in manifest - see the answer here
i finally did a wipe/factory reset . i lost all apps and data , but at least i can use my phone again . and yes , that was because i ran out of space in the internal sd card .
this android police post has a link to the current market version ( note it is the standard market , not the tablet version which only works on honeycomb ) . if you download it from your device you should be able to use your appinstaller to install it from /mnt/sdcard/download/ .
as an alternative , you can get apps from 1mobile market instead : download the apk from cnet to your pc . when it asks you if you want to open or save , save it , and remember where it is saved . then connect your tablet to your pc/laptop via usb go to where you have saved the file and right click it , then send to your android . on your android you will find a new icon called '1mobilemarket ' . use this to download apps instead of google play .
you could try cyanogenmod 9 ( there is a release candidate now ) : cm9 has support for the motorola xoom ( wifi ) , and the motorola xoom ( verizon ) at this point . here 's cyanogenmod 's update guide from their wiki for the xoom . you have to backup your device in advance , of course ( using titaniumbackup for example ) .
the path i have taken is to install wingray . this is a build of cm9 ( android 4 . x ics ) specifically for the xoom table . so i got to go strait to ics and keep root . just had to re-flash with this image !
i have posted the question on same link shown in question . till that i tried everything format sd card totally , also tried different roms of ics still it was not worked . then as in reply i got on that forum saying install gingerbread rom then root it , use ota root keeper and upgrade . so i did similar to that i installed gingerbread . then i formatted all using cwm . then i installed new ics refrec v2 rom . and then after i tried to root it . and it worked . hope so if anyone face the same problem they can downgrade to gb then again move to ics to root it after flash if their favorite rom does not come rooted . : )
the salsa is supported by the official htcdev bootloader unlock process while this does not make your phone s-off ( which would allow overwriting things like the radio software ) , it does make enough of the partitions writable to install custom recoveries like clockworkmod , root the device ( by installing rooting packages like superuser or supersu ) , and install custom roms that do not need updated bootloaders ( the vast majority ) .
i use astro player ( beta ) for this . it allows settings from 5% to 200% , and can adjust pitch . see ' playback speed ' setting on the options menu . note this operation is warned as an " experimental mode " and unstable , but i have used it successfully .
astro player supports speed up playback up to 6x with the same pitch .
i wrote osplay , which does this as its main feature . i consider it a stable product and am now only issuing bugfixes .
i have used the free audio speed changer but did also buy astor player
rockbox has a very early port to android that allows speeding up an mp3 once the timestrech option is enabled . the port is very functional , but the ui and integration with android still leave much to be desired . jon corbet of lwn did a good summary article a few weeks ago . the most important piece of advice before using it : imagine that your screen is a 3x3 grid , where the middle is used as the selector , left-right-up-down are used as cursor keys . the other directions have special functions in some screens , e.g. in now playing screen with the upper left you can access some playback mode settings . having previously enjoyed rockbox on a several previous sansa players , i personally excuse the ui shortcomings and use it when playing long stretches of podcasts . i like that set the playback speed ( independant of the pitch ) from 50% of the original speed to ( at least ) 200% . in increments of a tenth of a percent . depending on the subject and the speed with which people speak , i will listen to a podcasts at 175% , 166% , 150% , 133% , or 125% .
as we already have a lot of related answers to similar questions , just let me sum up here : as said in my above comment , the screenshot does not provide much information without having related details available . all it says is : the overall battery consumption after ~14.5 hours is shared 50:50 by " phone idle " and " cell standby " . let 's assume the battery level at that point is 80% , then each app had consumed about 10% of a full charge -- which could count as " normal " . if on the other hand the battery level was 20% ( or even less ) , it would be a bad sign -- pointing a.o. to bad reception ( see : cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? ) for the " cell standby " part . i wrote we already have a lot of good answers on the " battery life " topic . some are even listed in the " related " ( and now also in the " linked" ) section of this question , as e.g. what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ? is there any study on how which services/sensors consume the battery ? many more can be found following the tag-link battery-life . please follow those links for closer information . as the " battery info " is giving you so few information , here 's a hint to some helpful app : betterbatterystats . with that app , watch out especially for the " wake locks " , as those keep your device from entering energy-saving modes . check the configuration of the apps mentioned in connection with this ( a good example could be an email app with a too-high polling frequency , where you e.g. could reduce the frequency from " every 5 minutes " to " every 30 minutes " to save a lot of juice ) . edit : another helpful app i just discovered is battery stats plus , which helps you find the " evil apps " on your device . brought to you by our friend at xda developers . . .
i have an ace and have found a way to have my battery to last for literally days . it is at 50% currently and it has been 51 hours since i last charged it . i just turn off wifi , data transmission etc and at night put it in ' phone mode ' and it makes the battery last longer .
i have installed an app called battery plus from the play store . it is incredible . works great on my android . it really reduces the battery consumption , and i can also kill the unwanted apps running through this app .
try using a system monitor tool that shows the activity of the disk/processes . in windows you can use resource monitor , other systems , such as linux vary . the general idea is to know that there is some data being read/written from the system to the android device .
there is problem with the mtp driver in windows xp . it will connect in ptp mode thats why it is showing as camera . you can search in microsoft forum for enabling mtp but still not sure whether it will work or not . change the os or install sony pc companion
if you have upgraded from gingerbread , android 4.0 does not allow for direct mounting of the phone memory/sd . this means that your phone will show up as either a media player or camera .
you probably have the phone set to connect in ptp mode . when you connect , there should be a notification that you have connected to a computer . open that notification and it should allow you to select a different mode , usually either msc ( mass storage , used on pre-4.0 ) or mtp ( media transfer , 4.0 and newer ) . alternatively , look in the settings for a usb connection mode option .
you can install go contacts ex . one of its features is Quick find: by any letter, name, company, keyword .
just found my answer . in people app go to Menu &gt; Settings and tap on the setting Search contacts by . there mark the option of Company as selected . there you go : )
if you want easy root access and developer support , it would be a good idea to get a well known android device from the likes of samsung/htc/sony , etc . i do not think there is good support for niche and low volume tablets . sorry to be the bearer of bad news . edit : you can do something like this : look up the odm of your tablet . it probably is some chinese no-label company . see other tablets which are based on it and check if you could root them .
usually , mobile data should be turned off automatically by the system when wifi is connected . if you are sure it is mobile data which is on , you could try some automation tools to handle this , e.g. tasker ( condition : wifi connected , task : mobile data off ) , or llama - location profiles ( here i do not know the steps , but it can do that as well ) .
the android firmware is composed of several image files . these image files are flashed to ( device specific ) locations on your devices internal memory . typically these images are for the bootloader , recovery , fastboot , and the system ( os ) . the remaining memory is mapped to your internal storage . since each device expects them to be located at different locations depending on the manufacturer , you cannot modify them safely .
i have it for a week , and i believe i have managed to test most of its functions . wifi works , bt works , bouth sims works perfectly , camera 2.0mpix , flash works , market works , better to charge in external charger because small nokia or usb cable ( samsung ) not always works . g sensors works ( labyrinth ) . too slow for abduction or nfs . you can chose use gprs from sim1 , sim2 ar non of them . without microsd it is useless . tv ( analog ) works . generay its too slow for games , but seems a good phone .
no , there is still no dual-sim or multi-sim support in android itself . there is nothing to stop manufacturers extending their rom to support two or more sim cards , and several have done this . there are some phones where you have to reboot to switch sims , like in the old days with dumbphones , and some phones , such as this one , where you can actually be on standby on two networks at once . the only limitation is that third-party apps ( such as dialers you download from google play ) can only see one of the sim cards - because that is all the standard android framework can expose .
a3000 is a real dual standby android phone . it allows selecting a sim when you call or send an sms . and also you receive calls to any sim . when you talk to one sim , the second shows busy too . i have just got this phone ( this morning ) from alibaba . com and now i am testing it . hello from siberia : )
there are some " lock screens " like go locker , but they are not " real " lock screens . lock screens are just about the only part of the android os that cannot be replaced by 3rd party applications . these other lock screens attempt to override the real lock screen . some of them work fairly well , but i always notice some type of lag when turning on the device or unlocking the device .
you would better off getting a pair of usb headphones than streaming it to your phone .
i have not found a good solution for this to work over usb , but i have gotten it to work over wifi as well , with a much cheaper ( free , or $3.99 if you want network compression ) option with soundwire than the airfoil solution in mannii88 's video .
this video may help . it is through wifi . if you have connected through usb or something else , you can play media files through your handset . there are apps for that . but , since you are asking for every computer sound , guess , you can do that only through wifi . hope that youtube video helps ! thanks ! vote , if you find this helpful . :- )
try link bubble : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.linkbubble.playstore if i decide i am done reading , i share the links i have opened to pocket so i can read them later . pocket : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ideashower.readitlater.pro
if you already have a google account i recommend you google keep ( http://drive.google.com/keep ) . it is fast and does not require to download anything ( just the app on mobile devices ) , it is all in the cloud . you can save the links in a note and open them later . all your notes are synched across your devices . you can also share content to and from keep to store your links and stuff .
maybe you do not need to get away from tabs , you just need your browser to not crash . i just did a quick stress test of firefox for android , and got to 72 tabs before encountering any issues on my nexus 4 . it might be that it can better handle your workflow than chrome can .
i have had this issue with my s3 sometimes . alternatively , what you could try is download and install the drivers from here : link . or you could also try changing the usb mode from mtp mode to camera mode ( from the notifications ) . do not forget to restart after installing !
that is going to depend on how much you are using it during the day , i would say start at 700 and move it around until it feels smooth for you . i would not push the phone that high , first it is going to overheat pretty quickly , which can permanently brick your phone . even 800 is going to be rough on it so i would not leave it up that high for very long . i have got an eris ( did a little looking around , and the droid cpu is set at 550mhz whereas the eris is set at 528mhz as reference points ) so this is going to be a little different than what you have got , but here 's my profiles so you can tweak as needed . temp > 36.9 c 528mhz/160mhz priority : 100 ( this is the failsafe setting , if the phone get 's too hot it'll cut the cpu speed so the phone can cool down and prevent any damage ) charging/full 729mhz/528mhz priority : 80 ( if the phone is plugged in , it can run a little harder , but i also do not use my phone much when it is plugged in ) battery &lt ; 100% 710mhz/528mhz priority : 50 ( this is the normal use setting , which keeps the phone moving smoothly , but does not get too hot ) the most important thing is that you have scaling set to ondemand . this will turn the processor down if it is not being used . hence , on the last setting , it is very rarely at 710mhz and is most often below 550mhz . second to remember is not to set the minimum too low , or the phone will have trouble waking up from sleep . you will need to do a little digging around to find out what the ideal min is for the droid , but i would suspect above 160 mhz would be safe for you . those should cover most bases , at bare minimum add the failsafe profile so that you do not lose your phone .
phones always use more data than normal in the first day or so , particularly if you did not connect it to wifi while it was being set up . things that happen in the first day will be checking for ( and downloading and installing ) os updates ( which can be large ) , downloading and installing new apps ( some of which could be large ) , syncing data down from the cloud to apps for the first time , syncing data and apps down from backed up android data to your device . you might also want to see these previous questions for more info : how to monitor the amount of data traffic ? minimizing data usage for users with data caps
well , i am guessing you went to the " data usage " option in the settings menu in order to find out how much data has been transferred . if so , this screen will also list each of the applications that participated in that transfer and how much each one has transferred . look for the one ( s ) that did most of this huge transfer . if they are non-standard apps ( like chrome , maps , etc ) , disable them : settings-> apps-> all , click on app , click " disable " and " force stop " . or better yet just uninstall them . if they are standard apps , but you thing they are doing a lot more transfer than they should ( i.e. . chrome transferring 1 gb in one day ) you may have some virus or exploit or something like that . in that case you could try one ofthe av programs : https://play.google.com/store/apps/developer?id=android+antivirushl=en though i have never tried any of those myself so i can not tell you how good they are . one other way to go in this situation is to wipe out everything ( do a factory reset ) .
i finally found the solution , the problem is from apps running in the background . i ' . m using the s4 on android 4.2.2 this fixed the problem for me got to settings\connections\data usage scroll and you will see all app 's running and their offending data usage on the right of the screen . in my case vmyeyepro was using large amounts of background data 1.2gb in a week . tap on the app scroll to the bottom and you will see restrict background data put a tick in this box and voilà jobe done
the main difference is that the launcher screen contains all installed apps on your system . you cannot order it nor do anything but using the icons to access any application . in the main screen you can : add shortcuts to applications ( icons like the ones in the launcher screen ) , you can place each icon in the place you want . add widgets that provide rich functionalities like clocks , calendars or weather access . if you want to compare your phone with a computer , launcher screen is the equivalent of “start menu” in windows , while the main screen ( s ) are the equivalent to the desktop .
by default , the stock player has the player controls in android . play a song from your stock music player app ( the one which was originally included in your mobile ) and play a song . when you turn off the screen and get back to the lock screen , you must be able to see the player controls . you can also try sony walkman which offers a number of features including lock screen controls . you can also use an app like simply lockscreen to enable music player functionality to your lock screen .
the upgrade to android 4.3 came from my service provider last week , so i upgraded . now i can play and pause music from the lock screen !
i managed to get it working using windows 7 to root it . ( following the step-by-step guide without modifications ) . the order of things i tried in windows 8.1 , each time attempting the rooting process : swapped usb ports enabled developer mode enabled usb debugging mode reset everything to factory settings swapped usb ports enabled developer mode enabled usb debugging mode and i had repeatedly re-installed device drivers using samsung kies 3 during the above . nothing worked . so maybe it is just windows 8.1 that stopped things working .
tree command is not instaled by default . i do not know how to install it in android via terminal but you could allways use the ls command , but yes it does not show you a tree format that it is easy to understand , but still does the job . ls -d */  only list the directories in the current directory . ls -ltr  list all files by the time they were last modified in reverse order . in other words the last files listed are the most recently modified files . i will try and find a way to install the tree package . if i find something i will let you know . also install busybox to have more unix command avaible . reference
tree  is not even installed on ubuntu by default . that said , you can install busybox on non cyanogenmod roms that lack common utilites . ymmv , but on most " stock " roms seem to lack the utilities . afaik busybox does not include tree . always do a backup first !
i think i know what you should opt for , you should go for aosp based roms ; here 's a list : 1 . cyanogenmod ( minimal but necessary cutomization ) 2 . paranoid android ( same as cyanogenmod very less cutomization ) 3 . omnirom ( basically same ) 4 . pac ( mixture of paranoid android , cyanogenmod and aokp ) ( a bit more of cutomization ) you should first checkout the official websites of these roms , or you can head to xda forums and find official and unofficial build of these or even more roms , but according to your preference look for " [ aosp ] " in threads . link : http://forum.xda-developers.com/galaxy-s2#romlist
did you take a look at cyanogenmod ? it is not absolutely stock google android experience but absolutely stock aosp ( android open source project ) experience . it means that all google proprietary additions are not included ( for legal reasons ) , but you can install them easily using a package called gapps . in the end you have something very close to a nexus experience plus very little additions that are all useful .
alas , the UsbStorageActivity does not use an intent to enable and disable usb mass storage , so there is no way to achieve this using am . it instead calls the functions StorageManager.enableUsbMassStorage and `StorageManager.disableUsbMassStorage to do its work . as these functions are hidden in the framework , it is not possible to write an app to do this , either . as far as i know , there is no existing command to do this . it might be possible to write an app that offers a command-line interface and uses the bound system service MountService to call its setUsbMassStorageEnabled function , but that would be way off-topic for this site .
while you are on wifi , have a look in wi-fi settings > menu|advanced . it looks like it is easier when you are on wifi than when you are on a celular signal ( 3 or 2.5g ) . i have found a blog post here that seems to do what your asking , but you may need to have rooted the phone , or at least be comfotable with editing a few system bits and bobs .
the following was added as an edit to the question . it seems like it should be an answer . go to Setting - Wireless &amp; Network - Wifi settings press Menu button , and select Advance check Use Static IP enter IP adress , Gateway , Netmask and DNS Server 1&amp;2 of associated with your lan networks . eg . , for me , i use ip=192.168.1.100 gateway=192.168.1.1 dns1=8.8.8.8 dns2=8.8.4.4
the notification toggles are not part of standard android os ( ics , jelly bean , etc . ) some 3rd-party apps give this feature , although they are usually not very stable . custom roms like cyanogenmod and aokp provide this functionality as part of system settings .
these toggles are not part of android . third party roms like cyanogenmod and miui , and certain skins that hardware manufacturers put on android include that . if you want to have this functionality on a nexus running stock android you might want to try these two applications , i have used them both , and they are quite stable and useful . power toggles : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.painless.pc more quickly panel : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mabware.android.morequicklypanel
another app i would highly recommend is notification toggle .
i know this question question was already solved , but i have found another app that does exactly what you need : switchpro widget . maybe other users will be more comfortable using this app . you can fully customize as you want it to be . i am using it for some time now , and i really love it
no . this app just removes the file " batterystats . bin " in the " data/system " directory . it has nothing to do with your battery life and also not the status indicator of your system . it only keeps the infos in the " battery usage " screen . it will also be resetted every time you connect to a power source . further information and sources : xda-developers and dianne hackborn ( google employee )
this may help : on my gn also running bb jb 4.1.1 if i want to silence it i will typically hold the volume control down until it gets into vibrate only mode . then i have to down again to turn that off . so even that is a two step process and it may just be the nature of the bugless beast . : )
the keyword is : " active display " . use that in a search ( a better custimized google search here ) turns up a whole lot of good candidates ( oh , and a bunch of not-candidates , unfortunately ) . it might be useful ignoring the ones from motorola itself , as they are probably intended for their device ( s ) ( checking can not hurt , though ) . just a few picks right from the first page : active display and battery active display are two examples of apps emulating moto 's active display on other devices as i wrote , these are only the first two candidates picked up , and there are probably several more you might wish to check out for yourself . good luck !
you would have to look at the pros and cons . pros of cloud backup off site backup ( you will keep your data if your house burns down ) cons of cloud backup make take a while to upload all of your data to the server make take a while to download the data again pros of dedicated backup app quick ( no upload ) quick and easy access ( on your sd card , so you can easily access it without an internet connection ) cons of dedicated backup app if your sd card breaks , you lose all the backups if there is a fire , you lose your backups if you lose your phone with the sd card in it , you lose both the phone and your backup you also have to bear in mind that my backup pro ( which you mentioned ) , has the ability to back up to the cloud as well as file backups . you can also set scheduled backups . with this in mind , i would say that a dedicated backup app would actually be better and easier than using a standard cloud service .
one more thing to keep in mind is privacy : while you mostly have control over your locally stored data , you cannot say the same for cloud services . for storing personal/sensitive information to the cloud , you should always consider encryption . a third option is to have your app creating backups on your sd card , and use another app ( e . g . foldersync ) automatically sync the backup directory to your local computer ( or nas device ) . this way you are a bit safer if your card breaks , and have more privacy . and you have both , a local and a remote backup -- plus even if you need the latter one , download is a bit faster as from the cloud . if you trust some cloud service , chances are also good that service is supported by foldersync as well .
no , it is not . file transfer can cause some cpu load but not nearly as much . and then high cpu load can heat up a phone but should not cause a thermal protection cutoff . the problem also happens when you move files with the file manager with the phone detached from the pc ?
you need to revert back to jellybean 4.1.1 to get the extra options under ( 6 ) network lock as far as i am aware . like you said there should be 3 other menu options under ( 6 ) network lock and they should appear after reverting back to 4.1.1 . you will need the 4.1.1 firmware for your current carrier and phone model and ( odin ) to flash the firmware . make sure you save the original firmware first , so if anything goes wrong with the firmware flash , you can revert back to the original firmware . hope this helps : )
the servicemenu ( sm ) is actually part of the modem firmware and what you see is the servicemode java wrapper . thus it is very dependent on the rom ( fw ) you are using and whether or not it is stock or custom . in addition the phone manufactures constantly like to change sm access codes , to prevent user from using it . in any case , there is absolutley no need to revert anything as hugoboss says , you just have to figure out how to find it . lately you may also have to enable certain files in the /efs/ directory ( requiring root ) .
firmware definitely will not affect the quality of gps reception ( atleast in case of original roms , as homebrew roms might have some bugs - even then it is either the fact that the gps fix might take longer than usual or the gps does not work at all . not associated with accuracy . ) what affects gps reception is the quality of the signal . you tend to get a better and a faster gps fix if you are in the open rather than in a closed building . i have seen that foursquare and google maps always point at the same location . ( no brainer . )
charging control is done via hardware to prevent ruining the battery in case of software errors . that is why ( most ? ) devices charge even when powered off . the status display that is then shown is just a " minimal os " that queries the current status from the battery charger hardware .
natively , there is no way to schedule shutdowns and boot ups of the android system . if you do decide to root there are applications in the play store that can shedule a shutdown ( you may even be able to make your own busybox script instead ) . however booting up will never be possible the way android handles shut downs because when android shuts down , it is not running . and so , there is nothing in memory to initiate any sort of startup process .
i have samsung galaxy pro duos ( ginger bread ) in which there is no feature like this , but my wife have xolo a700 ( ics os ) in which there is simmilar kind of feature by which phone can be switch off and on in scheduled time . i found xolo phones are more value for money in compare to samsung . btw ' phone schedule ' apps available in play store which can turn on/off airplane mode as per the schedule time given . but not found something which can turn off or on completely
. . setup a schedule for automatic device shutdown . . . i found an app named timerandroid in the play store . seems that is what you are looking for . but you need to have root access .
messed around with it a bit more and found a solution . i just had to go to settings -> accounts and sync to delete the exchange account .
strobe light is a kind of light which goes on and off a given number of times . the inverse of the number of times it goes on and off in a second is called its frequency . strobe lights are used to see rotating objects to give an illumination that the rotating object is stationary . by adjusting the strobe frequency the speed of the rotating object is matched to get the desired illusion effect . there are many uses of strobe light from testing and instrumentation to dancing !
on 4.3 you could create a restricted user profile , and block access to the settings app from that profile ( and to the app you want to hide , presumably ) . if you are not on 4.3 , or you are not willing to create a restricted user profile , you are out of luck . hypothetically , you could replace the settings app with one that is programmed to hide the app you are interested in , using a custom rom ( or if you are rooted , by just replacing that package ) , but i do not think someone has already patched the settings app that way , so you would probably have to do a bit of programming to achieve it . such a piece of software would be very like what is known in the pc world as a rootkit , a type of malware , so you should think very carefully before searching for or attempting such a thing .
if you do not want to remove or deactivate the application , then either : you can install a 3rd party launcher ( like nova ) and hide the application from the app drawer . you can download hide it pro and basically you can anything in your phone .
a workaround at least while in the main launcher home screen is to press menu and then notifications . else get hellostatusbar and assign it to a shortcut key . you can also try status bar expander which uses a long-press on the menu key to drop the bar wherever you are . naturally , ymmv as certain devices do not support these apps .
after some testing over the weekend with a service provider who provides dc-hsdpa i can confirm that the samsung galaxy s2 does not support the protocol .
they say on the site that it does not support 4g or the faster dc-hsdpa . having an s2 myself , it would be great if we get a hack for it with the the cfw . just gotta have hope .
you can use samsung 's kies program . the link below describes some details of the program . it includes backup of calendar as well as most other content of your device . what can i backup and recover from my device using kies
the stock live wallpapers are actually apps found in the /system/apps folder . user installed ones are in /data/app . you will need to be rooted and have a root explorer to access these folders .
you dont need to rig your usb to enter download mode . you just need to hold vol up + home then plug your usb cable to your pc . if you have not started odin in flash mode or did not install bootloader drivers for the mini , download mode will not show up , and you will see only a black screen .
i tried to do uname -a on my cm10.1 ( samsung galaxy s2 ) on the built-in terminal app . it returns : linux localhost 3.0.31-cm-g17c7b6e #1 smp preempt tue feb 19 01:11:17 pst 2013 armv71 gnu/linux kernel version : 3.0.31-CM-g17c7b6e smp : Symmetric Multi-Processor support preempt : kernel preemption is enabled kernel date : Tue Feb 19 01:11:17 PST 2013 processor : armv71
another way is to simply go to settings&rarr ; about phone , where you should see ( depending on your cyanogenmod version ) an item " cyanogenmod updates " , and ( with all cm versions ) " cyanogenmod-version":
yes the xoom should stop transmitting as soon as the headset disconnects . ( although it may start playing out of it is own speaker ) . ( and in this case it would disconnect as it had ran out of battery and turned off ! )
i go running with my motorola droid and a bluetooth set of headphones ( motorola rokr s9-hd ) . when the headphones die , my phone will stop playing the music . so it basically acts the same way as removal of normal headphones . do note , that this does depend on the app 's behavior as the developer has to actually code in the listener for headphone removal . i know this because i have had to do it myself when writing a music app ( radio reddit ) . but most music apps i have seen have implemented this behavior in their apps .
i have a kindle fire i received as a gift and live in canada . the amazon app store is visible but you cannot download anything . it says " this service is unavailable in your region " the web browser works fine , as does downloading books from amazon . ca you can see the content for sale or borrowing in amazon prime , but get the same message .
just got a kindle fire as a gift . so far i have been more than disappointed . no apps no amazon prime membership . no cloud . no mp3 's no storage . yes facebook works . yes i can check my email . yes i can browse the web . bottom line is , if you are in canada , spend a few more bucks and get a tablet that you can use . . .
i do not believe there are any android applications that will allow you to make notes on pdf files . you might be better off looking towards a windows capable tablet , since you would be able to run acrobat on that .
i dont think the xoom can be used with a pen , it wasnt designed for that , i have a xoom and all i use it for is browsing the internet and playing games , it could be a very useful tool for taking notes and such with the onscreen keyboard and i think it is very handy to have . it has a ton of hard drive space and if you download a good app that lets you take notes then i think it would be good for you , if you dont like typing your notes and you want to actually write them then i dont think the xoom is good for that . you could try using a pen with it but it could scratch the screen , you could ask someone at an at and t or verison store if they would recommend a tablet that suits your needs .
in order for this to work for me on android 4.3.1 , i needed to actually disable the google search feature . i know this breaks other things but until there is an option to turn this bug off - and it is a bug if you ask me and in no way a feature , where you are required to do more to enact a simple thing that should be accessible out of the box , so to speak - then i will live without this . uninstalling the update and reverting back to factory did not prevent the headphone button from going to google now . but disabling the google search feature , gives me back control over the headphone buttons .
i do not know of a way to disable google now intercepting media button presess unless you have a rooted phone , as you did not specify that you did , i am going to assume you do not . the easiest way to do this would be to disable the google voice search app . go to your apps settings menu ( system settings --> apps ) . slide to the left until you get to the ' all ' list , scroll down until you find the app named ' google voice search ' , click it and click the disable button - now reboot your device . edit : as you have a rooted phone , you could install the auto starts app from google play , and use it to disable the ' media button pressed ' entry under google voice search . this is a paid app . google voice search will not act as if it is not installed onto your device .
same problem , i have found a solution : go to settings > applicationmanager slide right to all apps , then find the application called google search . if you have two separate applications installed ( in my case ) , with this name just tap the one with the google logo ( mine was blue . ) then tap uninstall updates and then hit disable . when you now hold the button nothing appears .
alternatively open up the play music app on your phone . using the menu navigate to my library . choose the album view . under the album picture is the 3 dots , press on them to bring up menu options , one of which is keep on device . press that to download the music to your phone . you can specify phone or sd card ( if available ) by going into the play music settings option and changing the storage location under the downloading options .
it is actually pretty simple but not obvious at first . create a playlist ( e . g . ' offline' ) open google play music on your android device and select the playlist check ' keep on device ' for the playlist go to http://music.google.com and add tracks to this playlist you device will download the tracks , even if you add them with the web interface
you should try pushing them using adb adb push name_of_the_files_or_directory /sdcard/pictures 
there is an app that allows you to drag and drop file by wifi and should be easier to show picture and play movie on your device : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.filesdnd it is " free " ( with some limitation ) on android , and totally free on pc and mac . there is a paid version without any limitation on android ( you can buy it by in-app payment ) . basically you just need to install the app on your android device and the software from the website : http://www.filesdnd.com on your computer . then drag your files on your device ( the device must be on the wifi network ) , and with the paid version of the android app , it will open automatically . with the free version , it will save it on your device , and then the file will be displayed in the left pane of the android app . if you do not have any application that can read your file , there will be a toast that will say it . then you can uses application like diceplayer for the movie , or quickpic for the picture !
airdroid is a first of its kind to do this hassle free . . . i used to just use a file sharing application like es file explorer and choose " cloud " – but airdroid is a better choice if you want more freedom .
airdroid is great for that . i personally use it for everything . you can drag and drop files from desktop to your android , or vice versa . you can access or modify clipboard , you can view your file browser , music player , you can send sms , track your device and more .
please see that the photo and video formats are supported by default . else you might need to install apps that are available in google play . use a file manager to open the picture by browsing to the location . once you open it , they might start appearing in the gallery automatically .
i know this sounds extremely basic , but . . . i could not drag and drop either . but cut and paste worked for me , as long as i had one window open ( would not work with 2 ) .
most often the phone simply recognizes that the flash needs to be completed , and refuses to enter most modes until it is . so , first check and see if odin will see the phone regardless of what is on the screen . otherwise : remove the battery , then re-insert and try to get into download mode again . if that fails , then remove the battery and , while holding the key combo for download mode , re-insert the battery . if that fails , plug into usb and try both of the above . if that fails , try all 4 of the above with different key combinations . the most common that might trigger something : home + voldown + power home + volup + power voldown + volup + power voldown + power volup + power
i found the answer ( whether it is the best way to do it i am not sure ! ) i removed the google account and re added it . it asked me to sign in and once i had , a page came up where i could tick or untick each part of google that i wanted to sync , ie : email , contacts , calendar , internet , books etc . . . . it all seems to work now ! paul
sync can be turned on from the pull down menu ( windowshade ) from any screen . i just found it .
while peter 's answer is correct , there is more to the story , at least on 4.1.1 . i know the op says 4.1.2 , but i add this in case some or all of it is the same in 4.1.2 , or for the sake of anyone with 4.1.1 who happens by this question . there is a global Sync setting available in the notification panel widgets . it is all the way to the right ( you will have to scroll the widgets to see it ) : from what i gather , this is not there in 4.1.2 , unless you reconfigure the notification switches to put it there . the tricky thing is , you can get there another way , as indicated in the op . this option is also available by going to Settings -> Data Usage and tapping the menu button : this is an awful design , in my opinion . but that is the way it is . what you see in the items under Settings -> Accounts can change based on whether or not Auto sync data is turned on . for example , with it switched off , the google account sync options look like this : and with it switched on , they look like this : so , to make sure that your phone will automatically sync with your google calendar , you need to enable Auto sync data and then check Sync calendar under the google account sync options ( because the check box will not be there until you turn Auto sync data on ) .
android 4.1.2 does not has an accounts and sync option under settings , it just has the text accounts , each of your account in a row ( if you have any account added to the device ) and the plus sign at the bottom to add more accounts . " auto sync data " must be enabled . go to " settings > data usage > click the menu button on your device > check " auto sync data . " autosync for each application is under each application menu . for example , if you have your google account configured , you have to select google > and there you will see the sync options . in this case you will see sync calendar , contacts , etc and their respective checkboxes to enable/disable them . check the screenshots/steps to get there : go to settings > accounts and click the one you want to setup . once inside , click on the account name with the sync icon . you will see the sync options for that account .
i just had the same issue . the first answer will not work if you updated from 4.1.1 to 4.1.2 , while having sync toggled off . the simplest solution is to add the sync button again in the notification panel . then , toggle it on from there . the settings to modify the buttons in the notification panel ( panel at the top of the phone ) is under Display &gt; Notification panel . drag and drop the icon into the notification panel after removing unwanted icons .
sim card interface is connected to the baseband processor . the error message you are seeing most likely means that during conversion to cyanogen you have erased and/or reflashed bp image . the easiest way to reverse is to go back to the stock software . after telephony is functional again - you should ask for help with the proper cyanogen installation procedure for your device .
problem solved with hangouts version 2.1.223 . in " settings " we now have an option do " unhide " contacts . thanks google .
if you have the contact in your contact lists then just type the name in search bar .
the radio frequency of a 2g radio operates in the range of 900 and 1800 mhz ( source ) - varying from country to country . the radio frequency of a 3g radio operates in the range of 2100 mhz ( source ) . as far as samsung galaxy nexus lte l700 ' s specification is concerned , the 2g frequency is CDMA 800 / 1900 , 3g frequency is CDMA2000 1xEV-DO and lte ( 4g ) frequency is LTE 1900 . as far as samsung galaxy nexus i9250 ' s specification is concerned , the 2g frequency is GSM 850/900/1800/1900 , 3g frequency is HSDPA 900/1700/1900/2100 and lte ( 4g ) frequency is LTE 2300/2400 . the above examples clearly means that the phones use different radio frequency for each type of network and hence when switching from one to another it goes into no network mode momentarily and hence the data connection stops .
no , ram is ram , hard drive space is separate . a smokingly fast ssd would be much slower than typical ram sticks , and it would be impractical to run a system like that . even smartphones have real ram sticks in them ( usually lpddr ) .
each vendor is able to customize android to suite their whimsy . i am using a $250usd toshiba thrive ( os 4.0.3 ) , a curtis klu mid704 ( os 4.1.1 , and one of the rockchip clones ) a polaroid branded pmid704 and a zte phone . of all these , the polaroid and curtis have ethernet support in the settings . i am using a radio shack belkin usb-to-ethernet adapter , which is supported off-the-shelf by android . ( only the toshiba thrive has a full size type-a usb jack . the others need adapters , not available at radioshack . ) the polaroid is " broken " in that the ethernet does not work . you click on it in settings and it clicks but does nothing . the crappy $75usd curtis works , it shows me my ip and mac address in settings and i can set static ip parameters including ip address , gateway , netmask , and 2 dns servers . however , the android frameworks ( in the java ( tm ) -like language ) are broken . the connection managers only support wifi and mobile data . you can inquire about the eth0 device but can not open a connection or do anything with it . so basically , your mileage may vary from mfr to mfr , and tabbly to tabbly . good luck ! -dave
i do not see how the " hover " effect can be practical on any touchscreen device , regardless of os . screens on most current mobile devices ( resistive , capacitive ) can only register touch events . you would need to modify the os to treat a single tap as a mouse pointer , and double-tap as a " click " . however other gestures like scrolling , pinch-to-zoom , etc . would most likely stop working with such a paradigm . also , most mobile versions of sites disable the fancy stuff like hover animations anyways , in order to load faster .
one way to trigger the hover on links is to long-press the link , wait for the menu to appear , and the press the back button to cancel the menu . this also works in some other browsers . note that this does not work on all links . just tried on the example you mentioned , does not work , probably because there is a slight delay between the onmouseover event and showing the menu . but on other pages , where it is a simple onmouseover trigger this method works .
if you are using a device ( usually a tablet ) with a usb port , you can plug in a mouse . the mouse cursor will trigger hover events .
you need to add a gesture for this . wiggle your finger over the button in question and it takes it as mouseover . not yet implemented afaik .
i had the same problem and think i found the place to correct it : 1 ) open the e-mail client program on the samsung 2 ) go to " menu | account settings " 3 ) disable sms-sync hope it works !
i believe this is a problem with most stock messaging apps ( i have had this problem with several stock sms apps , as i re-rom a lot ; ) ) , and i believe the app may be comparing times with the cutoff at minutes , and have a filter that says if they are at the same time ( same minute ) display the incoming before the outgoing . this is only my guess . my solution every time has been to use a replacement sms app ( i have never had a third-party sms app behave badly in this way ) , and they usually have more functionality anyways . if you would like to try some , i have used handcent sms for a long time , but recently switched to gosms and love it .
gosms pro for android works pretty well . you can try this . afaik , the stock messaging app considers the network provided time values . you can try syncronising your phone 's time with that of network provided values .
k9 ( imho the best mail client for android ) currently lacks this feature . if you want this feature , please vote for it without leaving " i want this too comments " i do not know of any other alternatives .
most android phones come with an app called " downloads " where you can find any file you may have downloaded from the internet . from there , you should be able to view the picture and set it as your background through the Menu key settings . another way might be to look in your Gallery application ( or any photo viewer ) . most of these will display the downloads folder ( or any folder that holds image files ) , where you can view the image and set it as your background . worst case scenario , i would look in your browser settings to see if you can find a folder path for where it is saving downloaded information ( again , ususally /sdcard/downloads ) and use a file manager ( like x-plore ) to find and open the file , where you will be able to set it as your wallpaper .
i use " wallpaper saver " to save wallpapers when i have thrown away the original . get it from play : [url="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dk.alroe.apps.wallpapersaverfree"]https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dk.alroe.apps.wallpapersaverfree[/url]
i do not think the built-in pdf support can be disabled . i would suggest exporting and downloading the file instead , so that you can open it with and pdf reader of your choice .
it is possible that the play store is having some issues writing on your phone . however , given that your phone is new ( ish ) and that there is nothing that is going on a sd card , it makes me think that the play store is getting confused . depending on what gapps package you installed , there could be a variety of tweaks that are done to the package . i would double check with goo . im or xda to see hat gapps to install with your rom/device . perhaps removing the play store , then installing a gapps with the right play store app would fix the problem . additionally , it could be that you have your runtime on art instead of dalvik and the play store is glitching up . to check your runtime , go to settings -> developer options -> select runtime .
there appears to be a software update coming out to fix this in the " near future " . the actual release date for this update was not specified . . . here is the faq on the motorola website . . .
it looks like it is a common bug with droid x users and there does not currently seem to be a fix . see this relevant thread here .
you are ( not ) in trouble . or at least you cannot tell anymore by simply taking a look at the notification bar . with android 4.4 ( kitkat ) came a few design changes ; one of them was to turn those notification icons permanently gray , officially to be " less distracting " . so how can you tell if there are issues with your connection to the google servers ? according to an androidpit blog , you now have to check with the quick-settings , where problems are indicated by icons turned red/orange .
denote is an app i wrote that syncs text files to and from dropbox and also offers a markdown preview ( useful to a lot of gtders ) . re : the pinning a note to the home screen feature . would the widget you are typing into on the home page represent a specific text file ?
i use an app called epistle to create/edit textfiles within my dropbox repository . it even supports markdown . there are other similar apps in the market . if you have embraced todo . txt for your to-do management , gina trapani 's todo . txt touch is helpful . it also syncs to dropbox .
um , i do not know how helpful this will be to you but i recently bought an app called ultimate to do list which is gtd-based and captures notes on the 1st screen . what is neat is that it automatically syncs to toodledo which can be opened from any browser ( and thus any device ) . there is no fuss with syncing . i do not mean to tout an app , but ultimate to do is actually one of the only apps i actually shelled out money for . there is a free version where all the features are unlocked for a trial period so you can try it out and see if it meets your needs .
i would recommend a combination of a text editor - either one of the market ones or vim from busybox ( requires root ) and dropsync which is a full dropbox client ( unlike their own client , it syncs both ways ) . this would be pretty much the same setup as on the laptop , zero learning curve : )
i faced the same problem when using my asus memopad hd7 . for home connection a static ip worked fine , however this was not acceptable . i did a bit of research and found out it should be possible after gaining root access to the device to delete the corresponding cache file . as i needed a fast solution i just did a factory reset of the pad , which resolved the issue for me .
the dex file stored in dalvik-cache is an optimized ( "odex" ) file . for historical reasons it carries the file extension " . dex " . the canonical documentation on dexopt is in dalvik/docs/dexopt . html . it is a bit stale at this point but is a reasonable starting point .
this is samsung 's " quick glance " feature , which triggers when a hand is waved over your sleeping phone . you can turn it off in settings -> my device -> motions and gestures -> air gesture -> quick glance .
@al everett is correct . use a shortcut on your launcher , because i do not see any options within the chrome app to change your " home page " . go to bookmarks , add about:blank to mobile bookmarks , navigate there , and then click and hold on the bookmark icon and select " add to home screen " . presto .
the disclaimer appears on the splash screen after rebooting . you will not get any notification during the unlock process . here 's a picture of what you should see .
after relocking and unlocking again , it worked for me .
is SPR-L720VPUEMJA-20131030154609.zip stock rom ? if yes , you can use the odin tool to flash that rom . i assume have already installed samsung kies ( so phone drivers are installed ) . with this done , open odin ( do not change any settings ) . load L720VPUEMJA_L720SPTEMJA_L720VPUEMJA_HOME.tar.md5 into the pda section into the rom . put your phone into download mode ( vol down + home + power ) , and plug it into odin . odin should be able to detect that phone . when it does , start the flashing process .
it is easy . go to settings , and then tap backup and reset . tap reset phone . if you also want to delete media and other data on htc one , select erase all data . tap ok . you can check htc website also
the actual setting is : settings storage towards the bottom is the factory reset option
settings> accounts> backup and reset> factory data reset
while strictly speaking , app recommendations are off-topic here – let 's tread it as " how can i do that " . and as this is my second question today , it is time for the app which answers every second question here : tasker , optionally with the autovoice addon for more convenience and flexibility . the tasker userguide explains : calendar insert : insert an entry into the specified calendar . ( more details there ) with autovoice , you can have a widget/shortcut on your homescreen to activate it ( or have tasker do so via some other event , e.g. " shaking the device up-down twice" ) . then speak your command , and tasker would execute the task assigned to what it recognizes . there are tutorials around also explaining how to make a " loop " for the " sorry , i did not understand – please repeat ! " case ; ) drawbacks : both apps come with a fee if you want to really use them . tasker has a 7-day-trial at their homepage , autovoice has a limited " free version " – so you at least have a chance to check first if it meets your requirements . will take a few days getting used to tasker – but once you did , you will wonder how you could do without ☺
touch " applications " touch menu button touch " grid view " touch menu button touch " edit " now you can drag and drop icons to/from shortcut bar
adm only works if the device is signed into the google account that you are using in the web interface . if the device in question no longer belongs to you , presumably it will never sign into your account , so there is nothing to worry about .
yes . just remove the sim from the phone . in the message settings of phone , it will show as disabled . restart the phone , and check and uncheck cell broadcast settings . then insert the sim in your phone . it worked for my phone , so hopefully it will work for yours as well .
setting - call - cell broadcasting - x
please open your stock " messaging " app --> go to settings inside messaging app --> scroll down and you should have " cell broadcast settings " option . click on that and there uncheck the option provided . hope this solves your problem .
in ICS 4.0.4: open stock browser , click menu , click settings , from the list , got to advanced section , about middle of page , click on default zoom and select medium . in other versions , if available , it is somewhere near that !
i got it fixed . here are the steps i took : use the exploit here entitled " phone : use a hole to disable your lock " . for me , it did not work exactly as documented , though . i had to mash the password keys for a long time ( calling my phone was unnecessary ) , then swipe up google now , mash the password a few more times , and hit Enter . with that , google now pops up and the phone is unlocked . i did not test to find out how much of this is necessary and how much is not . fire up a terminal app on the phone . i can not get root access from adb . type su to become root . it should go without saying that this method will not work unless the phone has been rooted . enter the following commands to clear the password ( source ) . each line represents a command to type , one at a time . tip : these commands will be easier to type if you use hacker 's keyboard and type with the phone in landscape orientation . reboot the phone . the screen will still be locked and non-unlockable . so , repeat step 1 to unlock it . go to the security screen and hit Screen lock . you will be asked to confirm your pin . the new password is null . that means that instead of entering a password , just hit Next with a blank password . now , you are in , so go ahead and change your pin to whatever you want .
here is how a samsung gt-s5300 ( android 2.3 gingerbread ) was unlocked , which according to the user would not recognise its screen lock pin anymore . no data was lost during the process . the device was not rooted , nor did it had anything fancy installed . an internet connection -wifi or g2/3/4- is required though . unplug the charger from your device . install the free version of screen lock bypass reset . ignore any warnings about purchasing the pro version . once installed , a bypass can be activated by plugging in the charger . the black screen lock bypass reset screen appears . hit the return key ⏎ on your device to show the temporarily unlocked device desktop . this offers a window of opportunity to approve the lock and erase application which can be sent from any internet the google android device manager website . after approval , it may take anything up to half an hour to become visible on the google android device manager website . once visible on the website , click on Lock to enter a new pin . the device can now be unlocked with the new pin .
if you know your samsung account , u can unlock your device without loosing any data or anything ! i had the same problem . 1 ) sing in with your samsung account : findmymobile.samsung.com/mindex.jsp 2 ) you will see ' unlock my screen ' among the options . then click it . it really works well good lucks : )
as the error says , you have got 2 options use kies to install the upgrade . wait until your carrier 's wind-up toy servers get un-overloaded . a third option would be to obtain an image of the appropriate firmware ( e . g . from samfirmware ) and flash it via odin , though this is slightly more involved . as an addendum , i was getting this myself with my own gs3 on virgin mobile canada ( aka bell canada ) and i ended up waiting just about 2 days , from the initial reports of people upgrading on sunday until i got it late tuesday evening .
hard to say the exact range . there is plenty for your standard usage scenarios with standard ant+ sensors . e.g. phone mounted on bike or in jersey pocket picks up bike sensors while riding no trouble . testing my app ipbike with usb ant stick emulating the sensors and the app running on an xperia active i can wander around the same room with no loss of reception . to test loss of reception cases down the garden 10m through the window is not enough to totally lose reception but it is getting patchy . i have to go around to the front of the house and get a good number of walls between the phone and the ant stick for a total loss of reception .
i am not sure if it is a good choice to use a alphanumeric keyboard instead of a qwerty one . but here is some choices for you : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=bigkeyboard.bordeux.net https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bb.keyboard.wf this one is paid , but seems better : play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.fredricknet.inputmethod.latin there is no much people making this keyboards , so it is probability that the keyboard is no longer updated .
if you have installed any task killer application that has super user permission granted , this might be killing all the tasks ( including system critical processes ) which might result in a restart . an eg . for this would be zdbox . try checking if that is causing the problem .
fastboot commandline utilisation as per elinux . org is shown below . update: what does update . zip need to look like in general , fastboot flashes only .img files . the update . zip generally consists of .img files which will be flashed to the particular partition . a typical update . zip file to flash via fastboot will have following files and more boot.img recovery.img system.img userdata.img radio.img etc...  flashall: where do the flash boot + recovery + system come from , what format , etc . flashall will flash the system.img , boot.img and recovery.img in the current/path folder . these images can be obtained from the update . zip mentioned above . boot: what is the format of &lt;kernel&gt; and what is the &lt;ramdisk&gt; option in fastboot boot , the &lt;kernel&gt; format is an .img file . i am not sure of the &lt;ramdisk&gt; option . my guess would be to boot a kernel with a modified ramdisk without altering the built kernel ( i am not a developer , sorry ) . this is what i have learnt fiddling with nexus phones . others can correct any obvious errors in the write up .
i have the exact same problem with my samsung galaxy s . you can also get it going again by holding the " on " button for about 15 seconds . it has been happening now for about 2 months and it was only today that i happened to be looking at it as it hanged and i saw the message about the internal sd card , before that i thought it was a corrupt operating system or faulty battery . the frustrating thing is that when it hangs i lose all my contacts , my text message history and my customised settings like shortcuts to certain apps on the desktop . it also loses the default setting for connecting to the mobile access point set by my mobile provider . sometimes when it reboots people can not ring me , they think it rings once but i do not hear it ringing at all and i get no missed called . it is funny , i notice that this post is dated december 27th and this is roughly when my phone started giving trouble , my phone is about a year and a half as well . the advice given here by izzy is probably the best advice for this situation but i just wanted to contribute some content here that might help more people with the same problem to find this post because unless you are looking at the phone when it crashes you will never think that the internal sd card was at fault . it is more likely that you will find that your phone has switched itself off or has just hung .
this worked for me . try to go to settings> apps> all apps> contacts ( not contact storage ) and clear data . also try to combine all the suggestions : cleared data in contacts app as written above selected the display only contacts from whatever you want made a dummy contact , selecting the desired store location reboot i basically tried all the solutions , so it is a little hard to give the exact way to go about this . hope this helps .
if you previously used whatsapp , then delete the whatsapp folder in the sdcard and try initializing you will lose all the previous msgs and i am not sure if it works
download the apk files of the stock keyboard and messaging apps and copy them to the current directory . you can also copy them from /system/app/ directory in the system . img file ( use magiciso to mount it ) present in the stock firmware file ( usually . tar ) start an adb session and execute the following lines : mounting system partition as read-write : $ adb shell mount -o rw,remount -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock03 /system  removing cm 's apps ( change the names ) : $ adb shell rm /system/app/CM_messaging_app.apk $ adb shell rm /system/app/CM_keyboard_app.apk  installing stock apps ( change the names ) : $ adb install stock_messaging_app.apk $ adb install stock_keyboard_app.apk  i would recommend ' hacker 's keyboard' ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.pocketworkstation.pckeyboardhl=en ) over the stock keyboard apps though .
my apologies , i just found it . for the benefit of those who have the same problem : it should apply to the other galaxy tab 2 models , too .
did you try to permaroot anyways ? i would try a factory reset and then try again .
you might want to use sygic if you are in india . it comes with free maps .
+1 for the question , i am really looking for a good answer here . take a look at the answers for a similar/identical question i asked once on forceclose . from the answers there , i think navdroyd will be my choice ( 5 euro only , seems to have ok coverage ) , but i have not tested it myself yet .
i have not had a chance to try it myself yet , but i have heard good things about maverick : maverick for google android - code sector there is both a limited free and pay version .
note : many of these applications use map data from a really cool free map project called osm ( openstreetmap ) , which anyone can contribute to . osm is constantly improving , but in many areas it may lack information like house/building numbers . free : google maps google maps does have some offline functionality , but there are a few catches : the size of the area you can download is limited ( you can not download an entire us state , for instance ) , navigation will not work offline , and some countries or areas are not available for download . instructions for google maps version 6: offline maps overview for version 7 ( available on android 4+ ) : get offline maps osmand open-source , uses data from osm . currently only has 2d navigation , but one of the better free options available . mapfactor osm-based offline navigation . fairly basic but promising . navfree allows you to download maps for offline navigation , also osm-based . there is a separate version for the us . osm has maps for the whole world , but for some reason navfree only has maps available for certain countries , mostly in europe and north america . many others based on osm here : android - openstreetmap wiki paid : copilot live premium copilot live is a very nice , full-featured app , which will let you download maps ahead of time and use gps offline . the us version is normally pretty inexpensive . just make sure you get the " premium " version that includes all the features ; if you buy the " standard " version it does not even include basic features like voice guidance , alternate routes , 3d maps , etc , and you will end up paying more if you buy them as add-ons later ( edit : the standard version does not seem to be available any more , but i will leave this in case they put it back up again ) . skobbler gps navigation and maps osm-based offline navigation with a clean interface . there is a free trial available , but it does not work offline . the paid version includes 1 map for free , other maps range from €2,22 ( for one country ) to €7,77 ( the whole world ) . there are detailed reviews of many android gps apps here : android sat nav apps
i regularly use locus . it does not have much in the way of navigation support ( although i think this is in the works ) , but for off-road and off-line use it is fantastic . it allows downloading of maps for off-line use , supports sqlite and gemf maps , which allow large map ( 2gb limit for sqlite , no realistic limit for gemf ) tile sets on your sd card without wasting masses of space . it also supports vector maps as well as bitmap ones ( more coverage , less disk space ) . it has a very good interface and is well supported . there is a free version with ads which does not support in-app map downloading ( i think ) , although you can use your pc to download the maps . the paid version is not expensive . that all sounds excessively glowing , so i should emphasise that i am not the developer and have no affiliation ; just a very happy user !
have you tried backcountry navigator ? backcountry navigator it has topo maps , open street maps , and aerial photography . it has a 16 day demo and a paid license .
if you are looking for north american maps ( and european maps as well i am told ) , than i can recommend copilot live . it is not free though .
i am now using osmand . it stores openstreetmap maps on the phone 's storage . osmand uses a vectorial format , which means it can store a lot of information without taking too much space , and is visible in all zoom factors . you can download the maps you want , for instance italy , bolivia , or any other country/region . free , open source .
for england and much of europe , viewranger is great . supports ordnance survey and other official-type maps ; also some open street map projects . but it is absolutely what i would use -- and do -- if i am hiking with a phone . for android - viewranger
google maps 5.0 now supports offline mode !
i used navdroyd when travelling in europe . i did not have mobile service so i downloaded the maps over wifi before setting out . navdroyd successfully guided me from slovakia to croatia through austria and slovenia while driving . i found it less useful while walking , good for orienting oneself , but not on par with google maps for finding points of interest .
maps ( - ) allows to store maps for offline use from openstreetmap , from opencyclemap and from google maps .
have you tried maps with me ? it has a lite ( free ) version and allows downloading maps for an offline usage . also it is very fast : in my experience osmand is much slower even with maps downloaded , although it shows more information .
what are your needs ? just maps ? point-of-interest data ? navigation ? i use mapdroyd , which is free and lets you download openstreetmap data . i see that they have some other products . navdroyd ( paid ) , which is mentioned above by @ripper234 does navigation . traveldroyd , which has point-of-interest information , also seems to do navigation based on the screenshots , but i have not tried it out .
it is a known issue that android ( at least pre-2.2 ) does not support import of . vcf files via email or sms , see http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=3537 however , it does appear to work in froyo on my nexus one , when importing from email . as far as i am aware it is still not catered for over sms , and the thread above suggests it does not work for downloads in the browser either .
there is an app called hoccer which allows transfer of arbitrary data ( contacts , pictures , links , . . . ) by making gestures with your phone . it also works with the iphone but of course requires both devices to have the app installed .
if both droids are in the same room the following will apply - you can both install barcode scanner and then on your device , open the contact , tap share , then tap barcode scanner . this will generate a qr code . on the other phone , open the barcode scanner app and scan the qr code . the second device will be able to add the contact via the scanned qr code via the add as contact button after the scan successfully completes .
there is also bump . bump™ makes sharing photos , contacts , and apps with people as simple as bumping your phones together . how to use bump™: 1 ) open bump™ on both phones 2 ) while holding the phones , gently bump your hands together 3 ) confirm the exchange compatible with iphone too !
i have got an sony ericsson xperia x10 and while viewing a contact , i just press the menu button , send business card and choose between bluetooth , gmail , sms or moxier mail ( exchange client i think ) . i have send contacts back and forth between my android phone and my palm phone . i do not have two android phones , but i do not see why it would not work . previously i was using 1.6 which was fully compatible with all my contacts on my old palm phone , but since upgrading to 2.1 this does not work as well as i had hoped . so , no software to install , works right out of the box for me .
they go to your download folder by default , typically at /sdcard/Download . note that this may not necessarily be a physical sd card ( e . g . on devices that do not have an sd slot it is emulated ) . from a practical standpoint , if you need to access them on your device , just open the gallery or photos app . the picture will appear in either of those as long as you have not added a .nomedia file to the download folder or something . also , opening the picture in either photos or the aosp gallery app ( possibly others as well ) will allow you to discern its physical location by opening the menu and selecting " details " .
you can try to install busybox , sshelper and android terminal emulator ( ate ) . then try to ssh into your device , if adb shell does not work . google for ssh options how to specify the shell to run with remote ssh login . probably something like ssh user@ip /system/bin/sh or try with ... /system/xbin/ash . or in ate you can specify under settings , the shell to use .
starting with about ics ( android 4.0 ) , not all devices do support app2sd anymore ( for reference , see also : how to move application to sd card in samsung galaxy s duos ; the galaxy s duos and lg optimus 4x are two of those devices -- looks like your galaxy s3 mini is another candidate , if the " move to . . . " option is not there at all ) . this is , however , not the fault of android ; it is rather the manufacturers/rom bakers who decided such : whatever their support might say ( and at least lg support blames android 4 . x not being able to do app2sd ) , android 4 . x itself can deal fine with app2sd , as plenty of devices prove . as for a possible alternative , you might want to check move app to sd card , which suggests a.o. link2sd . note , however , that root is a pre-condition for this app .
if you change csc , you need to wipe / factory reset your phone . so , you might as well download and flash a stock rom that is for india . it has indian csc . edit #1: you do not need root to flash stock rom on your phone using odin .
finally found an answer : it is not possible . samsung implementation of mtp works incorrectly so device cannot be used in standard tools like gmtp . moreover , mtp application on the phone crashes sometimes during data transfer .
there is an option in the sipdroid settings ( that appears automatically the first time you start it ) saying whether it should be the default dialer or not . you will need to change that setting .
i can confirm that it is possible with the i5800xxjpf update with the 4 ( out of 5 ) separate files and the odin multi downloader tool . here are the instructions of how to update 2.1 eclair to 2.2 froyo .
this might not solve the problem , but it is the first thing i would look after : many carriers require specific settings in the menu settings-> wireless and network -> mobile networks . usually when you make a contract , they send you a message with the necessary configuration settings . updating your phone might reset them or require new settings . if you think that might be the issue , you should have a look around on the website of your network provider . they often publish the necessary settings and/or offer a service to send you a configuration message . also , are you sure you need wcdma ? just asking .
try using josm and opendata plugin . to install it just go to preferences ( f12 ) -> plugins-> search " opendata " and install . after importing you can ( as far as i know ) save it as * . osm , and then use osmandmapcreator
as for using another app , google earth can help . as for still sticking to osmand , it depends on your program design . if osmand is your project , you may consider creating a file stream to open the kml files else , passing the intents with the kml file
i almost forgot about my own question , meanwhile i found perfectly working solution -- simply converting kml into gpx with gpsbabel : http://www.gpsbabel.org/ it is open source , which is great plus for me .
i use gmap2gpx . it loads some javascript into the running tab to do all the work . it is fairly easy to use , just follow the instructions on the site . use " extract full " to generate a reasonably accurate . gpx file ( the basic file just has turn-by-turn instructions and little data besides ) . note : only use it in an incognito instance for added privacy . you must not be logged into google using chrome ( or it will not work for security reasons ) . just launch an incognito instance via " ctrl+shift+n " and do it again there .
if you are using jelly bean , then in manage apps , you can turn off notifications for the specific app . keep in mind , this will turn off all notifications for the app .
are you by chance addressing bazaar ? if that is the case you can simply go the application specific page and hit the cancel button . this should remove the notification .
go to ; setting-> apps -> all apps -> download manager select download manager clear cache and data . notification of sticky downloads will be removed . i have tested this on a sony xperia j with android version 4.0
as already answered by nikola , you should go to Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;All . select the download manager in the app list , and then press clear all data . you may have to restart the mobile after this is done .
if you can not remove any buggy notification from notification bar , then do this goto settings --> applications --> ( click on app which created that notification ) --> force close . then reopen that application .
i have the same problem . . . you should go to settings , apps , all , find there download manager and clear all data there . it helps in my case . good luck :- )
it is most likely the battery . it might have to be replaced . if it is literally dropping from 90 straight down to 0 , then the battery health has reached its end . if you do replace the battery and the same thing occurs , it could be your rom
you might want to give the wifi config editor a try , which gives you much more configuration settings to play with : wifi config editor ( click images for larger variants ) i have not tried it ( especially lacking an environment where i could really test it ) , but it might prove helpful , as you can adjust a lot of wifi settings for a given ap here . remark : the app has not been updated for a long time , and obviously is no longer maintained . according to the comments , it is supposed to work fine up to gingerbread ( which would be fine for the device in question ) , but stopped working with ics . an alternative could be the wifi advanced config editor ( aka " wifi ace" ) , which explicitly states : set wpa enterprise and personal parameters , like wpa_supplicant allows you to wifi ace ( click image for larger variant ) you might note the screenshot looks quite similar to the first of wifi config editor above , so functionality might be quite similar as well . while this app was last updated 2012 , it might have the same limitation : its developer could not test it on ics ( android 4 . x ) , but it should work fine on gb ( android 2 . x ) . comments give not much clue here ( except that the app seems no longer to be maintained ) , but several reports from 2012/2013 stating success might indicate it is still doing its job with ics and up .
i got a similar behavior with my last router i had ( it was a dlink router ) , there was an option " do not display router configuration page for wifi devices " . this is just a possible option i can imagine now . opera mini would generally not work , since it is traffic is routed over the operas servers to compress the webtraffic that is been sent to your smartphone . quote : unlike straightforward web browsers , opera mini fetches all content through a proxy server and reformats web pages into a format more suitable for small screens . [ 33 ] a page is compressed , then delivered to the phone in a markup language called obml ( opera binary markup language ) , which opera mini can interpret . [ 34 ] the data compression makes transfer time about two to three times faster , [ 18 ] and the pre-processing improves the display of web pages not designed for small screens . [ 35 ] source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opera_mini and since opera is not able to route into your private network it would not work .
i am afraid not . if you are not happy with the permissions it uses , do not install it .
it is not that jelly bean will not support flash . adobe decided not to support flash for newer devices , starting from jelly bean and onwards . i do not know the know the reason though . maybe they got tired of testing ( and certifying ) several devices ? source . you can still install flash on jelly bean ; there are workarounds for that .
adobe decided to stop support for its flash player on android mainly because of html5 does not need flash player to play videos . unfortunately , that did not mean all web sites you visit would start using html5 instead of flash ( though it would have been nice ) . if some of the web sites you want to look at are using flash , the last version of adobe flash player that landed on the google play store will work with your jelly bean device . however , since it is no longer available through the play store , you will need to install it from a side-loaded apk . they have only stopped support , does not mean that it will not work but if it does not on certain devices then they will not fix it or support it . you can still install it from here .
there is this app called antennas . it can not do everything you have asked for . but it can show you the tower you are connected to , the signal level , and other towers from you carrier that your phone can see/connect to and their signal level . map the gsm/cdma antennas in your neighborhood . this app monitors the gsm/cdma cellular network connection ; displays a map of approximate cellular antenna locations and their rf signal strength ; and can log the data to a text or kml file . does not work on verizon 3g and cdma support is limited by android , not by the application cdma requires eclair works best with 2g gsm . 3g/cdma support is very limited .
open signal map does some very similar stuff , its accuracy depends on how much data its got for your current area , but seems pretty good in built up areas . i used it to help work out why i always had such a terrible signal at my parents house , turned out my phone kept connecting to a cell tower on the island you can just see from the end of their road , rather than the cell tower two roads down .
found it . . . . message board service started bluelocate service started here is the app causing theses messages : connectdroid
according to html5test , chrome for android ( as of v33 ) does not support controller input apis . you had likely have to wait for this to be implemented in some future version , or try to find a browser that does support it .
wifi proxy settings were not added until android 3.0 ( here 's the issue on the tracker and here is the comment noting its release ) . if you are willing to root your device you could try something like transproxy , though .
third party software solutions
you can use changelog droid app which featured one touch functionality to import your complete wish list into so called observed apps category and then you can export your observed apps to sd card ( preferences , export/import , export/import observed apps ) and sent this file ( /sdcard/cd_observed . json ) to your friends which can import your observed list into their changelog droid . yes they should install this app too , but this app is so good that they will be glad to use it anyway : ) for a few items in a wish list it is an overkill , but i have over one hundred apps in my wish list so in such a situation changelog droid is the acceptable way to realize sharing my complete wish list .
actually , it should not be necessary to connect the tablet to your desktop . all you need to do is to log into google play on your desktop with the same account that is registered on the tablet . then navigate to an app and press the Install button ( or Installed if it is already installed on one of your other devices ) : once you click Install , a dialog will appear which allows you to select the device to install to : after clicking Install , click OK on the next dialog that pops up . then connect your tablet via wifi , wait a bit , and the app will be installed !
you can use es file exporer goto app manager ( press menu to get app manager ) There you can see list of applications installed in your mobile select live wallpaper apk click on backup you can find apk in location /sdcard/backups/apps * edit : * system live wallpapers are located on your phone in path : system/app/livewallpapers . apk you can use es file explorer for the same . but your device need to be rooted to access system apps .
if you still want them to show up in your inbox , things get complicated . you would have to create filters to label every kind of message you do want notifications for , and then in the gmail app you would turn off notifications for the inbox , followed by syncing and turning on notifications for the label you just created . if you do not care if they show in your inbox , do the following from the web gmail : go to Mail Settings -&gt; Filters -&gt; Create new filter put youraddress@gmail.com in the to field put Chat with in the subject field hit next check Skip the inbox hit create filter alternatively you could turn off the saving of chat history , which disables offline messages , but that has its own downsides .
you should set some things on your phone : go to " settings " page , select " accounts and sync " unselect " background data " you can not receive any gmail messages , since you stop connecting with google server . if you want receive gmail messages , reselect " background data " .
use a file manager such as astro file manager . i will use my file manager quick to check though . edit : so on my galaxy s2 the directory is /sdcard/download . /sdcard is the root directory on my phone and not actually an sd card . it is the 2gb of app storage on my phone
found out that the issue is not persisting on nexus 4 and only in nexus 5 . ( thats very strange . ) temporary solution until google fixes this . just root your phone and freeze android system update . that will fix the mysterious data consumption issue .
you could try going to settings→data usage , define a global limit ( can be imaginary , e.g. 5 gb ) , and then scroll to " suspect apps": open their entries , scroll down , and check " limit background data " . then those would not use background data while on mobile data , while working as usual when on wifi or in foreground . that is what i did with e.g. google play ( to keep it from always checking for updates in background ) about half a year ago . no side-effects seen yet . for details , please see my answer here . you might also want to check what will not function properly on device if i disable background data usage for google play store ? other related questions include : “restrict background data” with jelly bean on tf300t asus tablet selectively block 3g access to certain apps how do i enable mobile data only for select apps on a rooted phone ? preventing mobile data use for select apps on non-rooted phone ? and probably several more .
go to settings , scroll down to accounts , click your google account ( s ) , and turn off all the syncs .
try isyncr . they have a wifi add on also .
you can also try double twist .
isyncr works over usb ( mass storage or mtp ) , mac or pc , and also works over wifi . it handles the galaxy nexus just fine . in full disclosure , i am the developer .
did you read the locus documentation for downloading maps ? check this document . in the end , there is a section called " download types " . there is a type called " external map " , and this is what you need for this task .
after searching and searching - i do not think there is a way to do this . the only option is deleting the old map and downloading the map once again with multiple zoom levels selected .
one thing you could do would be to set up an amazon ec2 ubuntu server instance as an openvpn server and then use the openvpn client app on your laptop . then you have to forward everything incoming to the server to the client interface ip address of the openvpn client running on your laptop . i have not done what you are wanting to do--the port forwarding part--but i easily could with the existing openvpn setup with some iptables tweaking to direct traffic to the client . this sounds more complicated than it is , but you still need to be somewhat comfortable with the linux command-line to get thru all this . as far as the cost of the ec2 , it is normally ≈$15/month , but i think they still have the deal where if you have never signed up for amazon aws before , then you can get a year for free . your own personal openvpn server is nice to have for when you are overseas and want to watch usa tv shows online ( b/c they refuse connections from outside the usa ) , or if you are in a place where content or services such as skype are blocked ( such as on planes ) . it basically makes selective blocking of services impossible . if you have specific questions , just send me a message .
try to identify the location of the driver on the system ie , windows/system32 then uninstall the software and the driver from device manager . once you have done that return to system32 or where ever its located and delete it . reboot your system and try installing the old drivers .
go to settings -> sound and make sure silent mode is set to vibrate , then in RINGTONE &amp; NOTIFICATIONS section , check the option vibrate on ring , then call yourself and it should vibrate .
i take it that your phone/tablet does not have google play . to directly download apps why not use amazon market to download apps from your phone . other than this , i would recommend you to google out individual apps by name for their apk or wait for the service to return .
pure aosp version of android does not save clipboard data to files ; the data is stored only in ram by the clipboardservice , which runs inside the system_server process . samsung , like many other manufacturers , adds their proprietary modifications to the base aosp code ; one of these modifications is the ability to keep the clipboard history , and this history is stored in files in the /data/Clipboard directory . of course , you will not find this proprietary samsung code on other devices , or even in third-party roms for samsung devices . as for accessing the clipboard service using adb shell service call clipboard ... , you cannot do it on recent android versions , because the iclipboard interface now has security checks ( it requires specifying the package name , and the calling uid must own the package name ) . this interface is also an implementation detail and changes between different android versions .
i am not sure if this is htc specific , but this is what i need to do to get a " direct dial " icon on my htc desire . long press on where you want to add the icon hit ' shortcut ' hit ' direct dial ' select the contact you want to use ( if the contact has more than one number , you will need to pick which one ) there should now be an icon that will have that contact 's photo and a small phone symbol on the bottom right . if you hit the icon , you will immediately dial the contact .
there are too many 3rd-party apps and widgets that allow you to place " direct dial " type of widgets and/or shortcuts on the home screen . have you installed this from android market ? in that case you should be able to browse through your installed apps in market -> my apps section . you can then look up each app 's description to see if that is the one that gave you this functionality .
i would try and clear the cache of this application menu settings applications manage applications all market clear cache just to see whether this should help . you might also want to click the ' clear data ' button but than you must login to your account again .
it is possible that if you use the download map lab , you will be able to clear your cache ( but not data ) without also clearing the maps . but you can not do directions or search with those maps . in reality i think you had probably be better off downloading an app specifically made for offline maps access , such as mapdroyd .
might be better to use the all in one tool that could help you published courtesy of sony ericsson and its open source . to quote from their wiki page : support odex applications and libraries use this for the right reason , not for the wrong reason ( such as rampant piracy etc , and in no way am i implying anything ) in fact this saved my bacon at one stage when i could not remember whether i bundled a jpeg in a apk that i built and had to go through that tool to confirm my " blonde moment " edit : another thing i noticed - you are missing a switch , for example , this was pulled from here ( credit to the madteam forum ) : java -jar baksmali . jar -d c:\framework -x touchwiz30launcher . odex you need the framework-res . apk ( this can be found in /system/framework on the handset ) in place hence the -d directory
i am sure there is some way technically to simply shut off the autofocus , making the camera start up in a default focus and never moving away from that . it is however not a function that i am aware of that it exists in custom roms , because that is the only place you will find modifications like this , and unless there is a big demand for it , it is unlikely someone will code it . i have got a feeling that camera focus might be really tricky to mod from the actual os . i think the only way you will solve this for sure is basically learning to code and inspecting the aosp source , or paying a developer to do it for you . i am almost certain it is not a native function of the android os .
if you have already allowed google backup to backup your apps , then changing settings before you do the factory reset will not make any difference . after the factory reset , when you next start the device , it'll go through the first-time setup steps again : where it guides you through connecting to a wi-fi network and signing into a google account . on the screen where you sign into your google account , there is a checkbox there to automatically restore your apps and data onto this device ( i forget the exact wording ) . uncheck the checkbox at this point , and no apps or data will be restored to your device . you will still be able to install any paid apps you previously bought . if you later turn on google backup on this device , it'll start a fresh set of backup data . once it has backed up to this fresh set , next time you factory-reset this device , the restore will be from this fresh set . ( if you factory-reset again before making any changes , or before it is had a chance to back up , you will still get the old set . )
the best way i know ( using cm11 as a reference ) is to go to settings -> backup and reset and removing the checkmark next to auto restore . it may be under another heading on different roms so you may need to look around for it . it is best to do this before you do the factory reset .
quick notes is alright .
i had the same problem as everyone else and tried everything listed as a resolution . i then did the following and it worked : type in code *#7284# which will bring you to the phoneutil screen with pda , modem , and qualcomm usb setting options . click the qualcomm usb driver option and select the mtp + adb option a little message will appear @ the button of the screen saying saved , now just press the back button all the out to the normal screen . i then powered off my phone , took out the battery , sim card ( tmobile ) and micro sd card , put them back in , powered the phone back on and then plugged it in using the usb cable ( not original that came with phone ) and it started installing the usb drive and then worked . this had been bugging me for 3 months and i finally got it to work . hope this works for everyone else as this issue was frustrating . addon note ( from a user with a vzw galaxy s3 ) : this worked for me but i had to activate the hidden menu by dialing *#22745927 and changing the hidden menu option to " enable " and then entering the above code . dial this in the keypad without calling it . it should bring up the menu after entering the last number .
i had same problem and endlessly researched and did everything except hard reset . then , when testing the usb cable on another phone , i realized that i was not using the usb cable that came with my galaxy s3 i9300 . once i plugged in the " stock " usb cable , my phone was instantly recognized . why this is i do not know as the cable i had been using works on all other devices i tested . it even charged my galaxy s3 i9300 . perhaps , you could be using your wife 's usb cable on your phone . to avoid frustration and countless hours of testing , resetting and reinstalling i would recommend to everyone to first make sure you are using the usb cable that came with your phone instead of a generic one or one from a different model galaxy s3 . hope it works for you ! good luck .
just faced exactly the same problem with my motorola defy mini . . . . . so was researching what to do . . . . luckily found a solution . . . . when nothing comes in the notification bar and pc does not recognize then> > go to device manager > > my comp> properties> > device manager ( left bar ) look for your device ( it should be under portable devices and should be marked with yellow exclamatory sign ) uninstall all of them ( you may more item there other than your phone ) after that go to usb tether mode from your mobile from settings and turn it on . then the " turn on usb storage " with a android bot standing screen will appear . tap to turn on . you have to do it twice . first time turn it on it will automatically turn off . then again tap the button and this should solve the problem . ( that moment you will see another notification about tethering in the bar , do not do anything with that ) . i will be happy if the problem is solved . . . . . : )
download mpt ( media transfer protocol ) porting kit and then install it to your computer . you can download the mpt porting kit installation file through the microsoft’s official website directly . reboot your computer . reconnect your mobile phone to your computer by using the usb cable .
also experienced the same problem . in my case , discovered that the cause was from doing a backup in qpst and forgetting to revert the usb settings . i.e. *#7284# to access PhoneUtil &gt; "Qualcomm USB Settings" &gt; set it to "MTP + ADB"
update : try cleanup and reinstall of drivers as mentioned here . seems to have worked for others . this seems to be a known issue , and many have had success by using a different cable , connecting to a usb 3 port etc , but clearly , those will not work in your case . not sure what your usual usage is , but for file transfers , you can use airdroid , which connects through wifi .
generally fat is used when possible simply because it is compatible with more ( older ) devices . while this is not much of an issue today , it probably continues out of ( 1 ) very slight market advantage and ( 2 ) the fact that factory machinery is set up that way and it would cost owners to change it . in any event , android can certainly read fat32 ; if it could not nobody would be able to use sd cards larger than 2gb . there should be no problem with android being able to read your card after a format .
i know it is an old question , but i just formatted a card ( 2gb ) as fat32 . it was fat ( 16 ) and at this size the total available space is reduced . was 1.90gb , now 1.88gb . now comes in the question of effeciency . under fat the files are in 32kb cluster . if you have text document , it is probably smaller than 32kb , but it will take up a full 32kb cluster . under fat32 the size should be around 4kb , that will be better for small files .
1 ) what is the code name for the sprint nexus s 4g which is a cdma phone but not a the verizon codename ? the crespo codename is the gsm variant of the nexus s ( verizon never carried it ) . sprint 's ns4g is simply codenamed crespo4g . 2 ) does that link have the proper roms for this phone ? no , those are all for the gsm crespo version . 3 ) other options ? i need to flash this back to 2.3.6 where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? covers your options pretty well . in this case , the first heading of the answer will be a good start : google flagship updates google hosts update packages for the flagship nexus devices at http://android.clients.google.com/packages/ . you can not browse that link directly , but web search is your friend here . search for that link plus the code name of the device and the version you want ; for example , searching android.clients.google.com/packages crespo ics results in a lot of pages with this link -- the ota ice cream sandwich update for the t-mobile nexus s . searching for android.clients.google.com/packages "crespo4g" gingerbread returns a number of results . one of them is this xda thread , with a collection of links to stock firmwares .
the usual way of fixing bootloops is doing a factory reset ( via recovery mode ) . of course , you will lose your data . but seeing that you have a custom recovery , do you also have a custom rom installed ? if yes , try ( dirty ) flashing the custom rom via custom recovery . do not forget to wipe cache and dalvik cache .
no . i have another sgs model and it works with no battery for a second , as long as the battery 's in when you start it up , but quickly shuts off .
after reading and trying a number of internet tutorials on the subject , i found a simpler answer . the screws were loose . turns out the nexus s gps antenna is dependent on getting a good connection between the two halves of the case . tightening up the screws in the image did the trick . these screws control the pressure on the antenna contact and provide a ground connection between the two case halves : loosening the screws resulted in poor gps performance again . other tutorials have you bending contacts , soldering and/or adding a second internal antenna . it is possible the writers simply screwed the case on tight after making otherwise ineffective changes . opening the case to clean the contacts may also help .
naturally , the app makes changes in your network configuration . the problem occurs when you do not disconnect using the exit button within the app . so it seems as if the internet does not work is because the server is down . you forget that the vpn is still connected although you think it is not . the problem occurs only with root permissions because without root , you can see running vpn services in the notification bar since it is running under samsung 's scope , reminding you that vpn is connected . when using it with root , you just do not see the notification , giving you the wrong idea that there is no working vpn although there is . anyways , restarting the phone reverts the configuration to a default state , thus solving the problem . i do not believe that the app is malware or stealing id in any way .
dan is correct with his comment on the question , see especially my answer there on how to convert an .ab file to a .tar and then access the contents . .apk files ( if backed up , of course ) are stored in apps/com.app.name/a/ then . but if adb backup was used without -apk: no .apk files then ( your question is a bit confusing : " i want to use it . . . i do not want to use it " : ) if your goal is just to get hold of the .apk files of installed apps , you might also want to take a look at solutions like e.g. appmonster , which allow you to get a copy of each installed app 's .apk file to your sdcard ( with the pro-version even in batch mode , and automatically on each app install ) . you could then use e.g. adb pull to copy the entire backup directory to your pc , and adb push to restore it to other devices for installation with e.g. adb shell pm install .
mine works . . . i have loads of passwords saved on my work computer and they are available on my tablet .
a nandroid is the name for a complete backup or image of your device . it can be performed in clock work mod ( cmw ) . clockwork mod is a custom recovery because it is a second of tools that can used without booting an os . think of it has an additional bios . when rooting and jailbreaking , u will want to install the clockwork mod . it is the workhorse that has utilities for backups /restores /wipes and installing unsigned zip updates . rom manager is an app accessible in the os that allows quick access and integration with clockwork mod . rom manager can update and install clock work mod versions as well as automatically booting into clock work mod for quicker access to those functions . cwm and rom manager were started by the same person . rom manager let 's u download roms and then boots into cwm to backup and install them . u will need a custom recovery . . . ( i know of two ) cwm or armon ra . they permit u to perform the backup . rom manager is not necessarily needed but its useful and is well integrated into cwm .
a " recovery " is a special space in the internal memory of your phone , set aside by the manufacturer to perform diagnostics and os upgrades . in windows terms , it is a rough equivalent of boot menu ( usually accessed by pressing f8 during boot-up . ) it is invisible to the phone under normal operation , and is accessed in a special way ( usually by turning the phone on while holding one or more buttons ) . the problem is that the recoveries that comes with stock devices do not allow for installation of custom roms , only firmware images " signed " by the manufacturer . in order to install custom roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod for example ) you will need to replace the stock recovery image with a custom one , made by community developers . on android there are several custom recoveries , clockworkmod ( cwm ) and amon-ra being the most known ones . these custom recoveries allow you to do a lot more things with your phone . the biggest advantage is being able to flash unsigned custom roms . other benefits include various tools and utilities for further managing the phones . one such utility is called " nandroid " . it is a backup and restore tool that allows you to take a full image of all the phone 's internal nand memory ( hence the name ) and store it on your sd card . should something go wrong with the phone 's software , you can use the previously saved backup to restore the phone to a working state . the maker of clockworkmod recovery also created an android app called " rom manager " . this app allows you to easily upgrade the cwm recovery to a new version when one becomes available for your device . it also allows you to manage nandroid backups stored on the sd card , as well as perform a slew of other useful advanced tasks . these include fixing app/data permissions , re-partitioning of the sd card right on the phone , downloading different custom roms and flashing them directly from the app . a paid " premium " version of the app has more advanced features , such as ota update notifications for custom roms that support it , etc .
that is got it all covered pretty good , but a couple of things should be pointed out one feature of rom manager--"backup current rom"--is useful in that it integrates all of your apps ( including paid ones ) , all of your data ( such as contacts , text messages , saved photos , browser bookmarks ) , and your system state ( your desktop arrangement , your preferences , your app defaults ) and rolls them up with your rom into a complete system image--your " current rom " . that is great if something goes screwy with a new rom , but it is not the way to restore apps and preferences after upgrading your firmware--unless you want to go back to your old firmware too . titanium backup will backup or restore your entire app set in a single batch process ; or , you can wait for android market to restore your apps ; as for non-market apps , you can use android mate to individually save each app to sd as an installable apk the first thing a long-time android user does when faced with an fc is open up rom manager and run fix permissions . i cannot overstate how valuable that function is .
did you try whatsapp ? it is available on both ios and android . google voice is the best option though if available in your country .
two ex-googlers created the app mightytext . give it a try : " send and receive sms and mms from your computer or tablet , using your current android phone number . messages stay in sync with your phone 's sms inbox . " " sms directly from gmail on your computer . " " text from [ your ] phone as [ you ] normally would . . . in the u.s. or international . " disclaimer : i have not actually tested it in australia ; ) but i would be happy to hear if it works for you !
since you are in australia , i would suggest trying t0mm13b 's suggestion of viber . you will have to " validate " your account with viber in a location that you have mobile data connection , according to this article , first , but then you should be able to use the service just fine on wifi . if available , google voice is a good option . you will be able to send and receive sms from it on both mobile network and wifi . it is probably your best option as it does not require the other person to have a different application to be able to receive the messages . most of them will require the person receiving the message to have the same application . google voice does not require the other person to have a special application . it will send the messages as sms . it will , however , require you to use the google voice application to send the messages .
try bluestacks app player on your computer . you can download any android app in it and use it on computer .
i assume you are referring to the 2012 version of the nexus 7 ? although the hardware is capable of supporting bluetooth le ( as suggested by the link in your question ) , google never certified it as such and so the stock rom does not support it . there is an answer to a similar question on stackoverflow which appears to suggest that cyanogenmod ( and maybe other custom roms ) has added support for bluetooth le on the 2012 nexus 7 .
you could try a third party lock screen that uses the default wallpaper ( this is androids default behaviour , but samsung have changed it ) , e.g. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.roymam.android.notificationswidgethl=en_gb ( i think it uses default wallpaper )
there is no way to resume a cancelled download queue in the play store . you will have to trigger a restore again . the only way to initialise a restore is via the setup app , so you would have to wipe again , and then let it restore . make sure you connect to wifi in the setup this time however .
if you go into play store app , tap on menu > settings , there is the option to ' auto update apps ' and also , ' update over wi-fi only ' ( this is important so not to chew up your data plan and end up with a massive phone bill ) , it should be noted that this is in play store version 3.10.10 . in that way , it will only do it over the wifi network , and update automatically . unfortunately , there is no way to do a mass-resume of apps in bulk , the alternative solution is to use titanium backup and backup the apps to the cloud or dropbox , and let titanium backup do its magic in restoring from there onto the new handset , which has resumable download feature .
switching the primary account on google play seems to continue the auto-update process
it seems to be possible to re-trigger the app sync by going to accounts in settings , then removing your google account and adding it again from the same menu .
System Settings-&gt;Select your Google account-&gt;Search-&gt;Near the bottom .
all problems from busybox bad installation path . . solution from here http://tabletrepublic.com/forum/teclast-a10t/factory-reset-after-every-restart-shutdown-1533-2.html if device is not root you should root it . used unlock root and tasselhof market . also downloaded and copied root explorer to microsd . install and run it . go to /system/xbin and find busybox . move it to /system/bin reboot and profit all download links are on that forum
from http://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/mobile/android/market-policies.html , product removals : from time to time , google may discover a product on the market that violates the android market developer distribution agreement or other legal agreements , laws , regulations or policies . in such an instance , google retains the right to remove those applications from your device remotely , at its sole discretion . if that occurs , google will make reasonable efforts to recover the purchase price of the product , if any , from the originating developer on your behalf . if google is unable to recover the full amount of the purchase price , it will divide any recovered amounts between the affected users on a pro rata basis . from what i can gather from above , it seems that the app in question will be removed from your device and you will be entitled for a refund . ( not strictly a full refund sometimes ) the app fails to be removed from the device and you may not get a refund . ( though i suggest you can contact google in this case ) if the app exists on your device , you can use it any how and it is not under jurisdiction of google anymore . and answer to you alternate situation , again , yes google will make reasonable efforts to recover the purchase price of product and the refund option will probably work .
ps . i tried to rename the file to pb32img . zip and use the update from zip option but it does not work . how does it not work ? please provide details . the general procedure for installing a new rom would be : download rom . zip file to sd card . back up current rom in case new rom does not work : boot to recovery mode ( hold down the power and volume down ( vol - ) keys at the same time under boot ) select ' backup and restore ' select ' backup ' and confirm wait for process to finish and go back to recovery main screen wipe and factory reset ( this is important for stability ! especially when installing a different rom , and not just an update . with an update you can usually skip factory reset ) : select “wipe data/factory reset” and confirm select “advanced” then “wipe dalvik cache” and confirm wait for process to finish and go back to recovery main screen install rom . select “install zip from sd card“ select “choose zip from sdcard“ select the . zip file you downloaded to the sd card in step 1 . wait for process to finish , go back to recovery main screen and select reboot . where in the above process do you get stuck ?
if you have debugging enabled , you can use adb to pull files from the phone . if you can not remember the names of the files , you can use adb shell to enter the phone 's shell and then browse the filesystem with normal unix commands , such as ls , cd dir , cd ..etc . once you have a list of files to copy , use adb pull /sdcard/path/to/file.ext localpath/file.ext . if you prefer to use a graphic interface , install the full sdk and eclipse , then use the ddms view to browse and copy files .
onik 's right that adb is your best bet for retrieving your apps , data , etc . but to get it all , you need to be rooted . xda has an extremely simple guide for rooting that fortunately does not require the use of the screen , it just requires usb debugging . once you root and start adb shell , try entering su before anything else . if the prompt changes from $ to # then you have root privileges . if it fails , adb probably gained root privileges automatically . now you can access the full contents of the data partition and other areas normally off-limits .
you mentioned using titanium backup for removing apps , but another nice but not so well known feature is tb 's ability to give you a breakdown of what is taking up space and where . open tb click the ' overview ' button at the top , if you are not already there at the bottom of that screen you will see a chart of your storage items and usage . press your finger anywhere in that section and you will be brought to the ' overview of app storage use ' screen . from there you will see a breakdown , per app , of what is taking up the most space , in what areas . since you are already in tb , anything you want to uninstall you can just click and do so right there .
if you get an error like " insufficient memory " , " storage low " , or the like , this usually refers to the /data partition . that is not only where user-installed apps go to , but also their data . you tried to free some space by deleting " pre-installed apps " . they are usually referred to as " system apps " , as they reside on the /system partition . so deleting them usually does not free up space on /data ( to be more precise : it only frees up little , as those apps store their configuration and data there ) . which explains why your " delete operations " had not the desired effect . following the insufficient-memory tag , you will find a lot of questions dealing with this issue . i heartly recommend you visiting its tag wiki first , which gives you some " first aid " . for more information , check the highest frequented questions next . if there are still remaining points , feel free to ask a new question addressing those . ps : this 3-step of " tag wiki " , " tag faq " and " remaining questions " fits in many places . unfortunately , our tag wikis do not receive the attention they deserve . . .
solution : apparently there is a bug with this in android 3.2 . rotating your xoom will fix it .
these are not bugs or policies , google simply has not implemented all of the google calendar web features in the android calendar app . you can browse android calendar feature requests and bugs , as well as request and report them , here : http://code.google.com/p/android-calendar/issues/list
i would suggest pulling it off and trying again . usually this happens when kies was not able to properly communicate with the device after putting it into download mode . i have had this happen before and rebooting my device and trying again worked . you can also try putting the phone into download mode manually ( may or may not work while plugged into usb ) : remove the battery hold volumedown plus the home key plus power . while holding , reinsert the battery . release the power button , still holding the others , about 1 second after the white logo text appears . after a few seconds a yellow triangle with an android in it should appear , this is download mode . if it does not , try this again while holding power the whole time .
as of 2.3.4 this issue is fixed . for other users on previous versions , i temporarily solved this problem by disabling wifi all together .
revert ? if the os itself is not sleeping properly , you can not do much else besides install a kernel or rom that behaves better .
if it is a wi-fi issue , have the stand by settings changed with the new installation ? settings-> wireless and networks-> wi-fi settings menu-> advanced-> wi-fi sleep policy has this setting changed from to never ( which will keep the wi-fi on all the time ) ?
have you tried updating the battery statistics ? it is said to help with battery life in some cases . charge the phone completely . while still on the charger , boot into recovery . in recovery , reset the battery statistics . reboot the phone . when it has booted completely , unplug the charger . run the phone until the battery is completely flat and the phone turns off .
raw contacts are joined according to rules described at using the contacts api : two raw contacts are considered to be a match if at least one of these conditions is met : they have matching names . their names consist of the same words but in different order ( for example , " bob parr " and " parr , bob" ) one of them has a common short name for the other ( for example , " bob parr " and " robert parr" ) one of them has just a first or last name and it matches the other raw contact . this rule is less reliable , so it only applies if the two raw contacts are also sharing some other data like a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , helen [ "elastigirl" ] = helen parr [ "elastigirl" ] ) at least one of the two raw contacts is missing the name altogether and they are sharing a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , bob parr> [incredible@android.com] = incredible@android.com ) . when comparing names , the system ignores upper/lower case differences ( bob=bob=bob ) and diacritical marks ( hélène=helene ) . when comparing two phone numbers the system ignores special characters such as "*" , "#" , " ( " , " ) " , and whitespace . also if the only difference between two numbers is that one has a country code and the other does not , then the system considers those to be a match ( except for numbers in the japan country code ) . automatic aggregation is not permanent ; any change of a constituent raw contact may create a new aggregate or break up an existing one . there is also explicit aggregation , that can be set for raw contacts , if a user explicitly wants two contacts to be joined . read more about it in the article .
why do you want to avoid flashing chainfire 's kernel ? from xda : this rooted kernel is for the " rooting beginners " and those who want to keep as close to stock as possible . cf-root takes the kernel from an original samsung firmware , and just adds root , busybox , and clockworkmod ( cwm4 ) recovery . rooting voids your warranty just the same as flashing does , and odin is virtually guaranteed to save you if you ignore the instructions while flashing and screw something up . you can also re-flash the stock kernel afterwards , which will remove cwm while still leaving you rooted . edit : gingerbreak apparently only worked on test devices .
with audio muter you should be able to set the media volume to silent , however it is a paid app .
realsilent may do the trick for you : there is a bug report for this issue , but it has not been acknowledged by google .
fixed it by rooting the phone with a different kernel version . installing in appropriate kernel was the reason for this problem .
investigating in this issue , we already have a lot of broken screen questions providing some clues : you could hook your device to your tv screen via hdmi . this should mirror its ( invisible ) screen . of course this would require your screen at least to respond to touch events . airdroid might provide some help , as it allows to manage your device for many things , and also advertizes to stream the screen of your android in nearly real-time you could use some vnc server , and start it via adb as described in broken screen + using adb shell to run vnc server the latter obviously was the solution fitting you best , as you reported having done exactly that with vmlite vnc server . not the cheapest solution ( this app comes for about us$ 8 ) – but certainly cheaper than paying off a tech : )
unlike native apps , web apps can not access low level api of system ( to access hardware etc ) unless it is supported by web standards ( most are not supported to maintain web app portability ) . here , native web apps comes to rescue . in native web apps , web codes ( html , css and js ) run in a native wrapper code . the wrapper code is native ( can use low level api ) which contains webview to render the web app . so , it taps the benefits from both worlds ( that is why its called hybrid app ) . for example , facebook app ( in play store ) is a native web app . when you see your timeline , friends ' profiles etc in this app , you actually see webpages . but , at the same time , this app can access your camera , android 's system-wide share menu etc . another great example is google currents .
almost every android file manager or music player has option to set song ( not only mp3 ) as ringtone - so just use it . this video may be helpful .
you need to download third party apps for it , just search for it on google search . e.g. " read out text messages android " vote up if i helped . ; )
it sounds like you talking about talkback , the accessibility program that comes with a lot of android devices . in order to activate talkback ( assuming it is installed ) , open your phone settings , then go to the accessibility section . select talkback and enable it ( and accept the warning that talkback will be able to see sensitive information ) . after it is enabled , you should look through the settings for talkback and configure it to your needs .
stephen is wrong in a way , actually talkback is for differently abled people , or the one 's weak at vision , it will read out loud everything , its not what the questioner means . it will not specifically read out elements , and that would be very irritating .
i agree with stephen schrauger . you can use talkback . if you do not have it then you can download it or some better alternative
if you search for has:attachment within the gmail app then you should see emails which have attachments .
gmail attachments ( i think ) are stored on the server until you download them . when you do they end up in your downloads folder on sd/flash , so you can open the folder with file manager .
there is a free app called attachment inbox free which searches through your mail applications cache for attachments and provides a great search engine for your attachments , including filtering by type and search result ordering by date , type , size , name .
some resources i have found regarding nfc tags seems to indicate this would not be possible : nfc chip types the highest memory available is only about 7600 bytes . which is quite a bit more than most apks . nfc data exchange format the standardized data format specification that is supported by nfc devices . at a basic level , an ndef record contains two components : ( 1 ) the data and ( 2 ) a descriptor of that data which is used to contextualize the data . [ . . . ] ndef supports a fairly limited set of actions . more complex actions can be implemented with customized software running on the touching device . so the default actions that may be supported by nfc devices are : url text email vcard phone sms uri in order to support a non-standard action , you would have to completely implement that in a separate app . then to transport your apk , it would have to be within the data limitations of all modern nfc tags .
the component name is specified as the package name , then a slash , then the name of the class . so in this case , the command you want is:- am startservice --es toggle toggle com.urbandroid.lux/.TwilightService  for future reference , and to help avoid confusion : the intent is the name of the message you are sending to start the service . the thing that you want to start is a service , not a " service intent " , and the thing you found in the manifest is a service , not an intent .
i deleted all alarms in android jellybean 4.1.1 by performing the following operations in settings > apps > all > clock : force stop clear data clear cache ymmv
i would say this is solvable with an automation tool like tasker , llama and co . rawly described profile : condition : headphones plugged action : set audio level to x where " audio level " in many cases ( at least with tasker ) can be defined more specific ( e . g . different levels for notification , alert , incoming call . . . ) -- and " x " being the specific level you had like it to have . this done , everytime you plug your headphones in , you will have the same media volume you have defined .
there is an xposed module to fix that : http://repo.xposed.info/module/com.pyler.nosafevolumewarning it does the trick for me on the galaxy nexus i have plugged into my sound system .
were the apps developed using above air for android ? there seems to be a distinction between the two sdks . look at this tutorial for all the info on getting started . even if some of the info is redundant , it does have a section on deployment to the phone .
here 's an answer for regular end users who happen upon this question because they are confused about the whole " air " thing , wondering " how to install and adobe air based app ? " if you phone does not already have it installed , get the adobe air app . now you can download and install any of the apps that are based on adobe air . there is really not a lot to it for end users . even if you do not install the adobe air app and you try to install an air based app , it will automatically direct you to install adobe air .
here 's a video that shows how to turn an air app into into an apk file . i am not a dev so i have no idea what he is talking about but it sounds like what you want to do so it may help .
no , there are currently no in-app purchases available ( as of feb . 11th 2014 ) . if you read the reviews on amazon , you are not the only one who'd like to pay to get an ad-free version , but it is not available .
as of today , 3/23/14 , to commemorate the 3rd anniversary of the amazon app store , zynga has released a version for the kindle fire with in-app purchasing . the ui for the updated app mimics the version that had been already available in the google play store .
mobile data does not have anything to do with the gps . go to your settings , then go to location access under Personal , and then turn both " wifi and mobile network location " and " gps satellites " off . that should turn your gps on the phone completely off . you can also look in your settings to see if you can set up a toggle to quickly turn the gps , as well as many other services on or off just by swiping down from the top notification bar .
tablets have larger screens , and often more powerful cpus , than phones , which vastly increases power consumption . in order to provide the battery life expected , tablet batteries have much higher capacity than typical phones , and would charge at an unacceptably slow rate with a 5v , 550ma charge provided by a usb 2.0 computer port ( some wall chargers are 850ma or 1-2a ) . at 550ma and 5v , you are getting 2.75 watts ( volts x amps ) , at 2a , you are as high as 10 watts . charging at a higher voltage allows a faster charge while keeping the current down , which minimizes the need for heavier conductors in the cable , etc . the asus charger used with the transfomer series , for example , uses 1.5a at 15v , which provides 22.5 watts . i believe the ipad charger has similar characteristics . each of these uses a proprietary connector which provides a signal to the charger that it can safely output the higher voltage , which reduces the risk of damaging other equipment by connecting it to the higher voltage charger . the asus will charge , albeit very slowly , from a computer usb port using the proprietary cable ; the same may be true of other tablets . edit : an additional factor is the maximum current rating of the pins in the usb connector . this article states that the maximum rated current on pins 1 and 5 of a micro usb connector is 1.8 amps for a total of 9 watts . currents beyond that amount run the risk of overheating the pins .
the google nexus 7 charges from its micro-usb port . i am not sure if it'll charge plugged into a computer usb port , but plugged into the wall , it works great .
the usb spec specifies that the power supplied over usb shall be ~5v dc , which is fine . a single usb device ( e . g . your tablet ) may draw up to 500 ma of power in usb 2 and 900 ma of power in usb 3 . this is the issue - it is workable but not ideal . using a usb cable as a power connector between a tablet and the ac adapter that came with the tablet is a different story - they can do anything they want - but charging from a usb port is governed by the above limitations .
lync 2010 has support for calls : lync 2010 for android extends the power of lync to your mobile device – including rich presence , instant messaging , audio conferencing , and calling features from a single , easy-to-use interface . however , you will need to check with your it department if it has been enabled for your account .
i suggest downloading lookout security from the play store and running a complete scan of your device . it should notify you of any malware , riskware , etc . on your system . try it out and let me know what you come up with ! best of luck .
have you installed any custom calling app ? i am sure that this is not the case on my default stock calling app .
in htc wildfire there is option in Settings -&gt; Sound &amp; display Quiet ring on pickup Reduce ring volume when I move phone ) . it might be the same option or similar in nearby .
i found a solution . i do not know if it is the best place to do such a modification , but i was able to edit the default emulator skin at development/tools/emulator/skins/HVGA/hardware.ini  and set hw.keyboard=no there .
the standard fmradio is designed specifically for that chipset employed by the htc one , you will have difficulty in finding support for that said chipset hence the radio fm apps you see on the play-store may not have the support for it . vital questions : which htc one model are you referring to ? after consulting pdadb .netthere seems to be a few of them ? what android version are you referring to ? do not forget one important matter about the standard fm radio , more then often , if not likely , it will have supporting libraries found in /system/lib and commonly enough , if an attempt to copy the apk of the app and install it elsewhere will fail either due to missing dependencies on the libraries in question or the chipset does not have the kernel support either . the mileage will vary depending on the above .
free option : nextradio by sprint says specifically it is not a streaming services , but uses the fm tuner in your phone . it says it is only for a few sprint phones , but appears to be installable on my galaxy nexus and moto x , so it should be available for your htc one play edition . about : key features : tune in to local fm stations on your phone find radio stations by genre or frequency in the guide uses 90% less data than streaming music get 3x better battery life compared to streaming music note : for another possibly free option , see the conversation below . paid option : as stated on android central , the spirit fm app will do the trick on the htc one play edition : if you are an average phone user , and do not know what android " rooting " is , spirit will likely > not offer you much more than your stock fm app . if your phone does not have a stock fm app , > it is unlikely that spirit will work on it . spirit is mostly for android enthusiasts who " root " and " rom " their phones . but it also works > on many stock , " store bought " phones . . . . this works with : . . . htc : one stock , google play edition and aosp one x lte ( at and t ) lte / one s . . . this is a paid option , but has been quoted to work on your device and you can always refund within 15 minutes if it does not . i had a conversation with an htc representative and while he said it should be possible , he could not give me any specifics . the conversation is below . wes : thank you for contacting htc chat . hello jacob . yes y ou can but y ou may need to download as a third party app . jacob : do you know of any ? the only ones i can find are internet radio ones , i would like to utilize the fm tuner hardware jacob : or do you know of a place i can download the app from the non-play edition ? wes : i really am not sure what 3rd party app that would be workable . wes : sorry for the inconvenience . jacob : would htc be able to provide the app from the original htc one ? wes : that would be a pre installed app . there isnt really a link for them . jacob : i know . that is why i wanted to ask an htc representative wes : i am looking into it at the moment . wes : https://play.google.com/store/search?q=fm%20radio tell you the truth though , the second is simply fm player and it looks promising , but states it is only for motorola devices .
i will put this altogether here . google and some oems do not seem to be supporting fm anymore , as evident in the nexus 4 and 5 not having any fm hardware built in . the samsung galaxy s4 also are carrying on this trend . the theory being that there are internet raido services that can stream thousands of channels . which does not suit everyone . the theory is that it saves space for the hardware and cost in manufacture . android forums discussion on the lack of fm on nexus 5 this xda thread suggests it is not possible however there are fm apps out there . this is a very lowly reviwed fm app on the play store that claims to use the tuner . update : does not work on htc one . this xda thread has an attached apk for an fm tuner that may work . i have not tested , the usual warnings about unknown sources applies , of course . another xda fm radio for rooted devices there is one more here the one that is most recommended that i have found is spirit fm which specifically states that no internet connection is required . try them out , see what works , and most of all be wary of permissions and apps you are not confident about .
teamviewer may be an option . you can remote into your tablet using teamviewer on your laptop , to the teamviewer app on your n10 . this is the only option i can think of . this would not however allow to directly circle say an icon on your desktop , for that you would need some sort of overlay application for your laptop .
in my experience as a phone technician , that kind of issue is most often the battery . there will usually be a 0-2% drop after a bat pull because of the required power for boot up . does the battery have any sort of swelling to it ? if so then it is undoubtedly the battery .
you should be able to find it in /data/data/com . android . contacts - check the folders inside there . if it is not in there , then i am afraid i have no idea where it could be stored , as that is the only place that app could store it is files . next time , i recommend syncing them with your google account .
it should not matter whether you are looking at it in the android browser or the facebook application as either way on someone 's timeline at the top there is a photos link with the latest picture of them as the thumbnail for it . clicking on this will take you their photos . the person 's albums will be displayed at the top of the photos page and the photos of that particular person below that .
there is no need to run your own ota server . you can use the infrastructure from https://www.otaupdatecenter.pro
have you tried to wipe your data/cache + dalvik ? for my experience , sometimes the black-screen is due to a bad-flashing procedure ( not your fault ) when something goes wrong . if you did not tried yet , try and let me know ! regards , luca
i ended up flashing the stock rom ( using sammobile.com ) back again and using the stock recovery to do a factory reset as the team win recovery format did not do anything . that did the trick , but of course all data is gone too . oh well .
technically , its possible . you can visualize it with play store scene : play store can silently install ( when you send signal from web interface ) and update apps without owner 's knowledge . mobile providers can also do this as long as their trojan app comes pre-installed with device . they can push and install an app to listen your voices . how to block it ? root your device and hunt down all apps from mobile providers which could do such nasty things . google can help . either remove them from system or block their access to internet using firewall ( there're many firewall apps in play store ) . flash a fresh new custom rom like cyanogenmod etc .
yes . carrieriq , smithlogger , htc logger , and a couple of other things are installed onto the device by the carriers . iphones are stuck with ciq , with nothing more than the mere delusion it is not there or that they can get rid of it when , in fact , they cannot however , you can get this , which is more helpful if you are rooted , but even without root privileges , it can point you to the opt-out screen for any logging service that may be on your phone . furthermore , all this news talk about malware on androids is crap . you have to install said " malware " - but the " malware " barely even exists . so long as you pay attention to what permissions each app you are installing has , you have no chance of anyone leveraging your phone to spy on you .
ahh , schneier on security , unvy gb gur xvat . :- ) tl ; dr it may be possible , no one can say for sure . and since no one knows if it is possible you can not block it , because you do not know what and therefore how to block . but first , let use investigate the statement step by step : note that the article is from 2006 . . . said mobile providers can . . . google is certainly able to do so , if you are using a google services enabled device ( usually the ones with " by google " on the back ) . but basically every hardware/software manufacturer , whose parts are placed within smartphone ( or traditional mobile phone ) , is able to install backdoors in his products , which could by used third parties to manipulate the device . either because they bought this access or because the manufacturer is forced to , for example by a ( secret ) government regulation . . . . " remotely install a piece of software on to any handset , . . that is possible and every time you install an app over the play store web interface you use this technique . . . without the owner 's knowledge , . . usually you will see visual feedback about the installation process , at least until it is running . but the notification about the new app stays in the notification bar . but no one can rule out that there is a silent install method too . . . which will activate the microphone even when its owner is not making a call . . . android apps are able to activiate the microphone if they have the permission to to so . but if the app came with a silent install method , who knows if the permission for the microphone was also silently given ? and now , how can i protect my privacy ? as soon as you buy a piece of hardware/software without having the ability to verify the hardware and software components for surveillance backdoors , you are lost . but there are alternatives . there have been attempts to create open source hardware and software for smartphones . therefore allowing you to review the components for unwanted modules . see for example opoenmoko .
to answer this question : is this possible one android phones and is there a way to block it ? recently , as far back as the start of this year , there was uproar over a small piece of software which was hidden in certain handsets , and was able to monitor everything - the infamous carrier-iq . a bit about the carrier-iq as quoted from wikipedia it provides diagnostic analysis of smartphones to the wireless industry . the company says that its software is deployed in over 150 million devices worldwide . thing is , no one really know for certain if they actually did , as the security world got " excited " about it and started to slam-back on the manufacturers - apple , htc , samsung , sony , to name but a few . and exposed the ruse behind it , all of a sudden that hype fed its way into the android world , and guess what happened - an app appeared on the google play store , carrier-iq detector . what i was emphasizing , is how the paranoia made its way into the norms of human emotions - yes , a lot of people were really mad and demanded to know - was there a breach of privacy ? by the way , if you look on the main carrier-iq site here , there is a ticker that states as of now , 147,918,175 handsets deployed . . . . ( ok , am not really sure if they are trolling us with that ticker but questionable as it was stated on the wikipedia that is " deployed in over 150million devices " heck it aint even there ! ! ! ) yes it is quite possible that there are back-doors available to do just that kind of thing , and is commonly associated with stock roms straight from the factory ! zte had one , and was reported a while ago and its publicly available on pastebin . for the sake of historical information , i will quote it here in case it gets lost . the zte score m is an android 2.3.4 ( gingerbread ) phone available in the united states on metropcs , made by chinese telecom zte corporation . there is a setuid-root application at /system/bin/sync_agent that serves no function besides providing a root shell backdoor on the device . just give the magic , hard-coded password to get a root shell : $ sync_agent ztex1609523 id uid=0 ( root ) gid=0 ( root ) nice backdoor , zte . it does show one thing and one thing alone , stock roms ! all too often people can be naive in thinking that just because its " stock rom " , it does its job . now , not to induce fear or paranoia into anyone , which i certainly would not wish to do so , it helps to have a cool collected thoughts about this . the dose of reality will hit home , once you realize how , custom roms have a better advantage over stock roms , they are compiled from source code and is publicly available , such as cyanogenmod , aosp , caf , aokp ; rest assured , you will be equally better off with those roms in the long term . why ? for the most part those custom roms would be rooted anyway , which will enable you as a user , to have a tight rein on the handset in the way you want it , not some fancy-schmancy stock skin on top of the rom , such as htc sense , samsung touchwiz , sony timescape etc . and if the developer of said rom is trusted to be good , i.e. good community feedback , then yes you would be pretty safe . what you can do to re-inforce the belief that a custom rom is better than stock any day is this , knowing that the rom is rooted , you can use droidwall/hi-surfing , or another type of firewall , to block access to those " sneaky " apps like that . that will put in a level of assurance , but having said that , its not about justifying why having a rooted rom in the first place , rather its , to empower yourself over the handset and use it in the way you want . if you do not like an app , uninstall it , if an app requires root - then so be it . it does make you think and ponder for a bit in why carriers would rather have you to be stuck with a stock rom , and a locked bootloader i.e. " rooting will void the warranty " , " unlock the bootloader - you are on your own " , but there is always two sides to the same coin , if anyone can get their hands on a handset , and unlock the bootloader , it will simply factory reset and wipe the data upon unlocking and reboot ! so you can see how , from a security viewpoint in what is going on and the decisions involved . i know , when i made a rom for zte blade , i was trusting that the source does not have any malicious code , well , it was coming from aosp source on google and yes , its rooted , and users feedback is good . there is a lot of thought in what was said , and yes , that kind of thing can be blocked - if you want to be really secure - block the following under droidwall here , download manager , downloads , drm protected content storage , media storage . google services framework , network location , google calendar sync , google contacts sync . and finally , block the linux kernel as well . with those criteria selected , you will most certainly not be able to download remotely nor sync either . also , pay attention to the permissions that is asked for by the app on google play store , be prudent and you will have nothing to fear .
facebook does indeed update pretty often with random bug fixes as well as security , performance and stability updates . often this depends on the company as well as the urgency of the update . security updates tend to be urgent and are often shipped as quickly as the exploits are patched whilst minor bug fixes might be accumulated first and shipped as a larger update later on . automatic updates means less savvy users always have the latest version of the facebook app and the relevant bug fixes and security patches . if this bothers you , consider disabling automatic updates . edit this is the facebook changelog taken from changelog droid
according to google 's help pages on using voice within the search app , the voice actions only work for a limited set of languages : for most of these tips , you need to be using android 4.1+ in english , french , german , italian , japanese , korean , russian , spanish , or brazilian portuguese . some voice actions are not available in all languages and countries . they are not referring to the search app 's " language " setting , as that only governs language in which search results are returned . you must change the system-wide Language setting to one the supported locales under settings -> language and input . unfortunately there is currently no way to use voice actions under other locales . google however are always improving their search app , so it is possible that voice actions will become available in your country 's language soon .
setting the system-wide language to english ( us ) ( in addition to having the voice search language set to english ( us ) ) made voice commands work . i tried this because of a comment by chahk . however , i would rather see a solution where i can have my system-wide language set to something other than english .
i have a samsung galaxy s4 , and nova is surprisingly snappy on it . you can change how fast the animations / transitions are . in my case , i set it to faster than light . if you are not content with that , you can go further and disable animations / delays via the phone 's Developer options settings .
i had an issue connecting with esfe to a win7 pc . this did the trick for me : go to network adapter configuration -> tcp ip 4 settins -> wins -> enable netbios over tcp/ip . esfe is looking for netbios over tcp/ip because android probably does not natively run netbios protocol .
when you input the username , use host\shashi where host is the netbios of the windows machine you are trying to connect to : that is , the name that it is listed under after you scan for machines to connect to .
the easiest way is to use a barcode you could e.g. create with an app like my qr code generator . if you do not want to install an app for the purpose , there are also web services available like e.g. goqr . me -- simply search google for qr code generator vcard . the result is a qr-code -- a simply image you can put on your web page . on android ( and other ) devices , a qr code reader ( best known and widely used on android is barcode reader ) utilizes the camera to take a picture from it , analyzes the coded content , and then offers an appropriate action . in case of a vcard , this would e.g. be to add it to your contact list -- exactly what you intended . of course you could simply export your contact data in vcard format for download ( on opening that , the user would get the same choice to add the content to the contacts ) . you also could combine both , linking the qr-code image to the downloadable vcard ( make sure the file extension of the vcard file is set to .vcf , so the web server gets a chance to set the correct mime type -- otherwise it may be treated as " plain text " and opened inside the browser instead of being downloaded ) . this way a visitor could either use a barcode reader , or click on the code to download the vcard . thus it even could be imported to apps on the pc : ms outlook , gnome evolution , and others understand the vcard-format as well . troubleshooting : if you linked the vcard .vcf file for download , and it still only gets displayed in the browser window , here 's how this can be fixed with apache web server ( solution by mrglass -- thanks ! ) : edit your apache config ( or , if you cannot access this , edit/create the .htaccess file in the directory your .vcf is stored ) to contain the following segment : &lt;FilesMatch "\.vcf$"&gt; ForceType text/vcard Header set Content-Disposition attachment &lt;/FilesMatch&gt; 
note : techicnally you probably couled use a fat32 partition but i have had issues on several devices . for Link2SD you need 2 partitions : 1 ) fat32 this is your file storage , photos , media etc . 2 ) ext3 ( or ext2 or ext4 , but 3 has always worked for me ) partition . this is the part this will be recognised as new ' internal memory ' . there is a full tutorial on xda here and the keypoints are : next , create an ext2/ext3/ext4 partition ( i suggest ext2 cause it works on all roms and kernels ) . this is where your apps will go . i suggest a value of 512mb would be big enough . personally i use 1024 mb . open link2sd . you will be prompted to choose between ext2 , ext3 , ext4 and fat32 . select the one you used . it will say mount script created . reboot your phone now go to Link2sd &gt; Settings &gt; Check the autolink ( to automatically move apps upon installation ) to check your memory , select “storage info” . this will show you the current state of your internal memory , fat32 , and ext# partition .
i had a similar issue right after the update . my situation was far worse . if i were to receive a call from ' specific ' contacts , the phone would crash ( com . android . phone module ) and i would not be able to answer it , let alone identify who was calling . the simple solution for this problem is to export all your contacts onto your internal sd card . transfer them over to your computer and import them by kies . ( this method solved my issue . maybe it will help you too . regards , sterex
pop off the back cover and make sure there is not a sticker or anything over the speaker or mic . you could try voodoo sound . it is a custom kernel for sgs devices but if you do not want to mess around with that you could just try the voodoo control app , it can do some improvements without the kernel . ( if you do use the kernel you really need the app as well . ) otherwise , i would assume it is a hardware problem and you should get a replacement .
i had the same issue this week . did the switching off of noise reduction and finally rebooted completely but still same problem . in desperation i stuck a pin in the tiny mic hole at the bottom of the phone and waggled it about . . . hey presto ! all sorted !
i had the same problem on cyanogemod 7.2.0 htc wildfire . in the end i simply stopped the tb service through the android application manager and ran the batch operation again . it will continue restoring all the apps that have not yet been restored . this is a workaround , not a solution since you should logically be able to hit the home button and continue the batch process by simply accessing the notification .
do not define any account as primary account . in that case phone ask from you at everytime which ip account would be used to call . i check it on htc sensation z710e while wifi is available . its working fine .
you can take screen shots with ddms and the android sdk . it is not hard to set up . see http://www.thefireblog.com/2011/11/16/houston-we-have-screenshots/: so , here’s a quick summary people : install the android sdk tools , then the platform-tools edit your adb_usb . ini file to add the 0×1949 vendor id at the end ensure that adb is running properly check that your device is online run ddms start taking your screenshots using the device > screen capture option .
i have not tested since i do not have my fire yet , but it can be rooted with superoneclick , which means you can probably take screenshots with an app like shootme or screenshot er 2 . i would think amazon would advertise it if it could take screenshots without root , so i would suspect non-root users to be out of luck . that said , shootme has been known to work on some unrooted phones . nobody knows why , but you could try it and hope :p
this might help : how to take a screenshot with an android phone ? basically android does not provide you a direct way to take a screenshot the way ios does . but android 4.0 ice cream sandwich will .
i searched for that one click root tool and found a post in xda 's amaze 4g forum that has a mac version . i would expect it to be the same as for the zte score , you can try it out anyways : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1310115
it is not a one click solution , but there are solutions depending on what you want to achieve : you can install android sdk and perform rooting with adb by using the tools extracted from a one click solution package ( the linked instruction uses the tools from a superoneclick 1 . x package ) . you can use heimdall ( which works fine on a mac ) to install a cyanogenmod rom . i did this using these instructions for samsung galaxy tab .
the first thing worth noting that your original attempt at pointing your browser to the . apk directly should work ( see the comments starting with stephen schrauger 's ) . it is not really clear why this would not be the case for you , but you may want to double-check your downloads app ( in the app drawer ) and your pathing . it could be that it is " downloading " in the background but it happens so quickly that you do not realize it . if for some reason that really is not working , then you can try a potential workaround . this is pretty ugly , but it does work . i have tested this on my nexus 10 , for reference . create a folder on your laptop that contains your apk files ( we will call it apkfolder for the purposes of this example ) , then within that folder create an html file ( we will call it apkinstall.html ) using a text editor . since you have an astro apk , use this as the content of the html file : &lt;a href="Astro.apk"&gt;Install Astro&lt;/a&gt;  where Astro.apk should be the actual name of your astro apk file . now copy apkfolder onto the root of your nexus 7 's storage using android file transfer . make sure that all the apks copy over as well as the html file . if you are using textedit on a mac : textedit will attempt to treat things as rtf files by default , so even if you save it with a . html extension it may not work . one workaround i have found is to go to Format &gt; Make Plain Text before you save the file . you will know you are in the correct format when the rulers and such disappear from the textedit window . then you can save the file and make sure you use change the .txt to .html . next launch your browser , and point it to file:///sdcard/apkfolder/apkinstall.html . you should get a mostly blank page , with a link that says " install astro " . click that link to install the astro apk from your storage , then use astro to install all your other apps . if you are using chrome , then you will probably need to pull down the notification bar and tap the " download complete " notification to actually kick off the install . in the more general case , if you did not have a file manager apk , you could instead add a bunch of link entries to the html file - one for each app - and install all of them that way . in your case , this should not be necessary .
the pattern is not very safe , because you can simply do a data wipe in recovery . and you are in the phone . in addition the pattern can often seen in the screen , because you swipe everytime you unlock your phone this pattern .
at least on most phones you can just hold down the volume key/keys to get to the fastboot/recovery . from there one can easily get adb connection , even if you do not have usb debugging on , and access straight to the internal memory . from there it is even possible to root the phone to make it possible to edit internal files and disable the lock , like power-inside suggested . all this can be done in several minutes !
it is insecure depending on a few cases* . here 's a sample of an exploit that a hacker or an above average user can do ( with the adb tool and the phone connected to a pc ) :- exploit 2 * may only apply on rooted devices . ( not all adb commands require root though ) " usb debugging " should also be set prior to using the adb tool . but as eldarerathis said , some devices can also be rooted through the adb . in fact , a skilled hacker may also find loopholes for gaining access to the internal data . ( perhaps even find a way to utilize the adb without the usb debugging option ) the android pattern lock also has many glitches making it relatively unsecure . here 's an example . . while the exploits mentioned above and certain glitches may be fixed by google in the upcoming versions , a pattern lock remains a pattern lock . ie , it can be considered as a mere solid gateway to using the android 's user interface . a pattern lock does not encrypt the contents of a phone . it will not stop a hacker from playing around using the adb shell . he can view the internal memory of the phone etc using the adb tool which is freely provided in the android sdk also , the internal memory is pretty much compromised as there may be other ways to mount it or read it . all i can say for now is it would be better if you disable " usb debugging " unless you need it , as an added security measure .
you do not even need much technical know how to crack most touch screen phones . there was a white-paper written recently about the security of touch screen lock mechanisms ( and pattern locks in particular ) and breaking into these devices using purely the greasy smudges on the screen to get the unlock code . 8 conclusion in this paper we explored smudge attacks using residual oils on touch screen devices . we investigated the feasibility of capturing such smudges , focusing on its effect on the password pattern of android smartphones . using photographs taken under a variety of lighting and camera positions , we showed that in many situations full or partial pattern recovery is possible , even with smudge “noise” from simulated application usage or distortion caused by incidental clothing contact . we have also outlined how an attacker could use the information gained from a smudge attack to improve the likelihood of guessing a user’s patterns . . . . smudge attacks on smartphone touch screens ( pdf ) the rest of the paper is well worth a read too .
i have installed the custom rom using the instructions as mentioned in the link below : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2432476 thanks
flash with custom rom . important : backup imei and wifi mac address before flashing ( nvram folder ) . use a laptop with fully charged battery , same for device . you may need try different roms , do not worry if the first one did not work .
as i siad in question i tried all them of these shortcut . none of them was fix it ?
there are some hotkeys listed for ics , which hopefully still work with kitkat : rotating the screen : ( to get that operate we must to have activated “auto-rotate screen” ) press f12 two times in less than 2 seconds = rotate 90º to the left . press f11 two times in less than 2 seconds = rotate 90º to the right . press f10 two times in less than 2 seconds = rotate 180º . press f9 two times in less than 2 seconds = normal view 0/360º . so i would say try hitting f11 twice should solve your issue – after activating screen-rotation .
as i already wrote in my comment : a downgrade ( as well as an upgrade ) can be performed by flashing the corresponding rom ( for references , see other downgrade questions ) . to find a matching rom , please see where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? . for the process of flashing , you might want to check with the rom-flashing tag , especially the questions dealing with the sgs2 .
you can downgrade to previous versions by flashing the correspondings roms . the downgrade is possible , only if the downgraded version is compatible with your device . honeycomb is designed for tablets . its not supported for smartphones . if samsung gs2 is your devices , then honeycomb is not supported , rather you can downgrade to pervious gb versions .
this is not a special extraterrestrial thing . the default user does not have root privilege . all those binaries are removed which can grant root access to default user . /system partition ( which contains sensitive files ) is mounted as read-only . as only root user can remount a partition with r/w access , you are out of luck modifying those files . .
solution as per link provided by op : vijesh finally was able to solve his issue using the all-in-one toolkit , following the instructions from this xda thread . this toolkit requires windows . not explicitly mentioned in the xda thread , but most likely this means you have also to install the appropriate device drivers for your smartphone . but it looks like the toolkit offers to do that for you as well , see the item i - install apx drivers in below screenshot : the all-in-one toolkit ( source : xda ; click image for larger variant ) the tool seems to be pretty self-explaining . for the installation , you simply run the self-extractor , which prompts you for a target directory . then you start the tool , and select the wanted item ( here probably 6 - lg update tool ) . again , everything runs almost automatically -- simply follow the instructions given . the .kdz file should be flashed then to the device , and you will end up with the fresh rom installed .
i finally got it working . i did a factory reset on my device , then logged in to my google account and then installed my applications from the android market on the device . then when i did another factory reset and logged in to my account again , my applications were restored . previously i installed applications through the android market in the browser (market.android.com) and they got sent to my device . maybe those ones cannot be restored ? i do not know for sure .
if you go menu -> settings -> privacy there are two options . they are back up my data and auto restore . are they both checked ?
you seem to have the correct options selected , though it can take awhile after you sign into the market . try appbrain with fast the fast web installer companion app , its always been a great alternative access to the market . it produces separate lists for each device you use and it looks like you can restore apps based on whatever list you select . alternatively , you can not go wrong with titainium backup if you are prepared to root your phone . not much it can not do .
there is no way to tell if the call is coming from google voice unless you change your settings to show the google voice number , but then as chris stated , you wont know who is calling . the reason , it is not the google voice app that handles the incoming call , you can actually receive google voice calls to your phone without even having the app installed . the google voice servers forward the call to your number ( s ) , and based on your settings , they send either the callers info or your google voice number with the " caller id " info .
you can use twicca with the plugin " multi image " .
the current version of the app defaults to the official service .
first , if there is a signature mismatch and i am sure the original app comes from a trusted source , i would doubt the source the " update " comes from : the .apk very likely is manipulated , and might include malware -- so be warned ! i do not know the " one mobile market " you have downloaded it from , so i cannot tell for sure . if you still want to install the new .apk: yes , removing ( uninstalling ) the previously installed app and the installing the downloaded version should work . if the first one was installed as a system app , you will need the appropriate system tools to uninstall it ( e . g . titanium backup -- which you then could also use to create a backup before removing the app , just in case ) . alternatively , if you know the right command line tools , you can do it also via adb shell . as the app in question does not require to be made a system app , installation can be done normally without any root stuff : just tap the .apk in your file explorer , and let the normal installer do its job . after that , watch out for any strange behavior -- just in case the .apk introduced malware .
try smartbar . i used to use it and it allows you to put shortcuts in the notification bar as well as hide icons in the notification bar . i can not remember off the top of my head if it hides the icons put there by other apps but i think it does . sorry for the cheap answer , i just can not remember and i do not have time right now to download it and try it out to be sure .
as of android 2.0 , the system requires that apps that run constantly in the background , and that require a certain level of priority so that they do not get killed offhand ( like music apps ) , put an ongoing notification . this was to prevent abuse of requesting this level of priority without letting the user know that it is occurring . you can read about this here : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/service.html#startforeground(int, android . app . notification )
i would talk to the developers of apps and ask them is they plan to include the option to remove the app from the notification bar . they may oblige such a request . you could also leave a comment for the app and add that as a side note . cm team and other rom developers do create flashable updates to their roms so that icons and other items can be removed from the notification bar , but they usually do not do this for specific applications . you could check out information on this in the forum of the rom you are using .
as others have said , you can not remove an ongoing notification from the notification bar . it is there to alert the user that the app is constantly running , and without it the app could potentially be killed at any time by the os . that said , if you are running jelly bean ( or newer ) , there is the option of disabling all notifications from an app . the setting is per-app and can be found in settings > apps > ( select the app ) > uncheck the " show notifications " box . the one caveat to this method is that the app will no longer show any notifications in the notification bar , but if that is acceptable to you than i have found this method to be an easy way to stop my notification drawer from filling up with unnecessary notifications .
mksh(1) is “just” the system shell on android ( has been for a few versions by now ) . the request basically means that some other application is trying to run a shell command with root permissions , which the dialogue then attributes to the shell instead of the program/library actually requesting it ( on whose behalf mksh is operating ) . there are several very long threads acting on it ; this one has got a good summary , out of which the most important points are : the " ip route add " command comes from libchange . so in htc sense roms ( thanks to chrisch1974 for finding it ) , which itself is already running as a system component the command itself is not malicious , but there is no clear reason why htc sense should run this command the reason it shows up in supersu v0.97 and does not show up in older versions is because v0.97 no longer automatically grants root to the shell and system processes 224.0.0.0/4 is the standard ip multicast range - this command just forces multicasting out of the wifi interface ( since afaik cell carriers do not allow multicasting on their data connections ) . this prevents multicast traffic from attempting to use the mobile network connection and failing . if you have used the adb shell command on any previous phone and got the root prompt , # , instead of the user prompt , $ , by default then your shell has been this way before . i have seen it come and go . in the end , most people agree that saying yes here seems to be harmless . disclaimer : i’m the mksh maintainer .
you might have an app that is adding spurious records to your calling list . do you have any " alternative phone " application ( i had problems with an app called amivox ) . i created a small app to fix the problem for me , the code is linked below . edit : the app source code : https://github.com/gardarh/android-callogfixer ( removed link to binary )
i have a nas that uses standard windows shares ( smb ) and i use the image transfer app to push all my new pictures and videos to my server over wireless ( it is a paid app but very cheap and in my opinion worth the small fee ) . also see this previous question : app to sync photos to a network drive over wifi ? which has a few alternatives and where image transfer came top . my device comes with a web-page interface , which is how i do most viewing of pictures , files etc
es file explorer has the ability to connect to any shared folder using smb , i’ll recommend you to give a try . if what you want is the possibility to copy files manually from/to your nas server from/to the phone , this is a perfect solution , it’s free , easy to configure and super easy to use . if what you want is an automatic sync of some phone folders to your nas shared sources , then you are searching for something else .
no . its up to the manufacturer to release new android versions for their devices . some devices will never get a new android version . only the devices from google ( nexus one , nexus s ) will get the latest android versions early and ota . the others may get the new version , but it is the decision of the manufacturer . custom roms may provide a newer android version , as the last official version that was released by the manufacturer . but this often only applies to popular devices .
**no . ** for an android phone to receive new updates , it must jump through several hoops . first , google . when google releases new versions of android , they get to determine the system requirements . while they have good reason to include as many devices as possible , they sometimes can not , or have to make hard decisions not to for the purpose of new features . furthermore , in the future , their motives may change . next , oem . if your phone is not a nexus or google play edition , the manufacturer of your phone must take the code released by google and make it work with their drivers , their skins , and their addon software features ( like gestures and such . ) they may find it is not worth their effort . they also have the motive of planned obsolescence in selling new phones ( if you loved the super duper x phone when you bought it , but the new os offers features you want that are not available on the old one , you are more likely to buy the super duper x phone ii . ) lastly , carriers . if you bought the super duper x phone for $199 , likely your carrier paid the other $400 that the phone actually costs , and plans to extract that money from you in an inflated-price 2-year contract . as the middleman , they likely demanded the right from the manufacturer to install some apps of their own . these apps must be updated by the carrier after the first two hoops have been jumped through . then , after that , the carrier must test the new software stack to make sure it does not crash their network . if your phone makes it through these hoops , then bam ! new ota software for you . but remember , this process can be short-circuited at any step . furthermore , those in the process know this . so , if you are , say , htc , and you spend the money , time , effort , r&d to update this phone , you will want to be damn sure that , say , verizon will do their part of the job and then finally approve the new version . if not , your effort is wasted . if you are not positive , you might not bother . a good illustration of this is the galaxy nexus . google made a promise ( which i think they meant to keep ) that this phone would get the newest updates first , for as long as reasonably possible . unfortunately , they chose to release a verizon version alongside the unlocked versions they themselves sold . verizon dragged their feet on updates , and the verizon version has lagged behind the unlocked versions for months on new updates . if you must have the newest updates , the closer the phone is to google , the better off you are . choose nexus first . choose google play editions next . choose motorola phones next . then choose the phone from the oem with the best track record for updates and the network with the best track record for updates . or learn to root and rom and take your chances in the wild wild west of phone software . . . .
i do not know for sure as i have not seen a philips phone , but it sounds like philips have put in their own sms app which does not use the standard text entry field . the little tab to help you position the cursor accurately is part of that , not part of the keyboard . if this is the case , then using a third-party sms application instead will make it easier to use . there are many on google play , so just try one out and see if it helps .
are you sure you have android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) ? because i think this is a feature that was added in this version of android . i know i got this when i upgraded my htc desire from android 2.2 to 2.3 . you can see some images below showing this feature in action . click the images for high-res . the first four images show this feature in my sms messaging app , and the last one shows the same feature in my browser . i use the stock apps for sms and web browsing that came with the phone . but like i said , i did not have this until i upgraded to android 2.3 . now from what i understand this is probably what you get when you try to do the same on your phone . something like that ? and maybe a magnifying window ? you need to make sure you have android 2.3 ( or higher ) also known as gingerbread . if you do have android 2.3 ( at least ) then it probably has to do with your sms messaging app . in that case you need to try a different sms app . here are some sms messaging apps you can try out . chomp sms handcent sms go sms pro
i ended up manually changing my dns server to tether internet from my mobile phone . my phone uses a local dns server from my mobile carrier which i was able to trace using compruebaip . any other dns server is blocked by my mobile carrier ( globe telecom ) . i reckon that my phone 's dns service is not properly working . when tethering , the dns provider should be my phone which serves as proxy when connecting to my mobile carrier 's dns servers . thus , i had to set them manually on my laptop . i am using windows 8 and my phone is an android gingerbread 2.3 . so basically , the problems are : my mobile carrier is bad . they are blocking other dns servers and are monopolizing dns requests . this is not good because their servers are not that good . my phone 's dns service appears to be broken . this means my laptop could not connect to the dns service of my mobile phone which then forwards dns requests to my mobile carrier 's dns service . fortunately , after two months of despair , i was able to resolve this . this is what i did : find out what the actual dns servers are my mobile carrier is using through compruebaip . manually set my laptop 's dns servers to the one used by my mobile carrier . even better , i retained google 's public dns server 8.8.8.8 as my primary dns server and used my mobile carrier 's primary dns server as my alternate dns server . so , now , i can use my mobile phone as my internet provider for my laptop whenever i am not at home or at work without having to change anything every time i use it .
connect your computer with virtual hotspot created by android device . install any ftp server app on android device . it'll not give you ip of device for sure . : ) in your computer , find ip of Default Gateway of wi-fi network of step 1 ( in windows , you can use ipconfig cmd command ) . its the ip of your device . use any ftp client software on computer . use ftp://IP:Port ( port is generally configurable in ftp server app ) . enter username and password configured in ftp server app . done !
a simple way ( once you are set up ) that only requires a browser on the computer side is something like airdroid , webkey , or lazydroid ; which essentially turn your phone into a server , and which you can easily access from any browser ( even outside your local network - with dyndns you can also keep in contact with your handset if it " disappears " , w/o it you will have to see the phone or find it is ip address another way ) . essentially with a server app on the phone that is linked to a dyndns account , you can walk up to any pc , and access your phone no matter where it is ( barring firewalls , no signal , etc ) this allows you to sound an alarm , get gps and other sensor info , blank/lockout the screen , view the camera feed , run/interact with any apps on the phone , and lockout the ability to reset ( short of a batt pull ) . some programs work better than others depending on the device , i have all three on my atrix for full flexibility . i do not like to waste the processing on it , but you can also set up a persistent fileserv or even host a website . for full functionality or even for some of these apps to work on some phones you need root access and to make the apps superusers
i know this is too little too late , but . . . i tried to connect my phone ( lg motion on stock 4.0.4 ) and could not initiate a ad hoc network from the phone to my pc . i wrote this workaround using ' fast file transfer ' app to establish the ad hoc network and proceeded from there . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2272529 with a little tinkering ( maybe the wpa file hack or a custom rom ) i am sure i could get it to work through airdroid alone , but i find the stability of the stock rom as inherently better and this is a quick workaround .
we have found a tool included in aosp debug builds called rawbu : https://github.com/geekrom/android_frameworks_base/tree/master/cmds/rawbu that does exactly what we need it to do if you push it the right way . it backs up the entire data partition of an android device , though it is outdated and crashes if not executed properly since they fused the sdcard . the default directory used by rawbu is sdcard/backup . dat but since that is fused to data/media/0 this will crash on devices ever since that change . so when running rawbu you must specify data/media/0/backup . dat as the backup and restore arguement so that it knows where to backup and restore to . since the sdcard isnt backed up , only data is , this should work on newer devices . if you do not do this , it will restore the backup . dat file to itself corrupting itself while performing the restore . cons : there are a lot of hoops to jump through that i have not tried yet ( i have only tried this on a debug build , so i have not tried building and pushing it to a release build that is been rooted . ) your phone has to be rooted for this to work . pros theoretically it works it is faster than running titanium backup on each user if you have a lot of users to backup . it also restores your phone to the exact same state you had if your phone crashes . in closing it is unfortunate that there are no good methods for backing up multiple users . however with google 's new push to make multi users a stronger feature , we can hope that the adb backup utility will be improved at some point in the near future .
i do not think there is a way to do this without imaging . i was going to suggest adb backup but as far as i can tell this only backups up the current user , not all users data .
probably just a wild guess . if you have multiple users , and want to use titanium backup , you probably need to perform back-up on each account .
the answer can be found between the lines to the question what actually happens when you swipe an app out of the recent apps list ? . there , eldarerathis quotes some trustworthy sources : [ w ] hat specifically happens when you swipe away a recent task is it : ( 1 ) kills any background or empty processes of the application ( see http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/fundamentals/processes-and-threads.html#lifecycle for what this means ) , and ( 2 ) uses the new http://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/service.html#ontaskremoved(android.content.intent) api to tell any services of the application about the task being removed so it can do whatever it thinks is appropriate . this could mean : if there are processes to be removed , they must be running -- which would be a " yes " to your question . on the other hand , if some app is listed in the recent apps list , that does not necessarily mean there was something left . " recent " means explicitly what the word suggests : the user has recently used that app . do not confuse that with alt-tab on your desktop computer , where you explicitly switch through running apps . the concept on android is completely different . so the final answer would be a " nes " or " yo " . it could be such an app has still processes running . but even if , that is nothing to worry about : unless one of them is a service , those ressources are mostly limited to ram and would be automatically freed as soon as they are required for something else . they do not eat your battery . completely unused resources are , um , unused -- that is , useless . why throw away something we might need shortly ? the user could decide to switch back to that app . so if it is still loaded , it is not only faster available -- but it even requires less ressources ( cpu , i/o ) to activate it again , as it is already there .
have you tried ringdroid ? lots of people seem to have success with it . create your own ringtone , alarm , or notification sound from an existing audio file , or record a new one directly on the device .
afwall+ author here . it should work on cm 7 . x ( i am using it ) . if you have issues please send me logs from menu-> firewall rules-> send error report i will look into it .
hey man you can use this . notification lockscreen widget ( available for free in the google play store ) . it gives following features . view all dismissible notifications including missed calls , sms , facebook notifications , gmail , etc . launch the app directly from the notifications list . combine multiple similar notifications into one notification with counter . allow full original notification content as it appears on notifications bar .
i have had this problem too , but i have found that it is correlated to low internal memory on the phone . try clearing the cache from some apps and uninstalling the ones you do not use , it helped for me . nexus one 2.3.7
you would need root to access /data/data , and rooting would require unlocking your bootloader , which would wipe your data . other than doing a factory reset , there may be no other way .
answer 1: in short yes , the factory reset ( as the name suggests ) brings the phones software back to the state it was when it left the " factory " . there are most likely some hypothetical cases where this would not fix it , but they would require some personal time with your phone and some hardcore technical skills that seem extremely unlikely to occur and are most definitely nothing to worry about ( it would be like worrying anonymous is going to hack your personal website ) . answer 2: there is a very similar question to this one located here : android spy apps with two answers that should be satisfactory .
as colin already pointed out , a factory-reset clears all apps , data , and cache from things installed/edited in user mode ( i.e. . without root or system privileges , see our factory-reset tag-wiki for details ) . so yes , if you did not root your device , it is pretty safe to assume a factory-reset removes those " spy apps " along . concerning " checking for spy apps": there are plenty of apps on google play claiming to do that . however , it might be hard to decide what makes an app a " spy app": recording audio ? fully legit for an audio recorder . taking pictures/videos ? a video recorder/camera app is supposed to do that . still , there are several " frameworks " or " ad-modules " known as being suspicios , and apps using them will be presented by e.g. lookout ad network detector , privacy scanner ( antispy ) free , appbrain ad detector ( to name my 3 favorites here ) , and similar tools – which often even offer you to remove " offenders " .
you do not need root . you also do not need a terminal , for an app to use its own private utilities . but if you want vim , terminal ide provides that , a number of other utilities ( git , ssh , tmux ) , the ability to use bash or java as a ' scripting language ' at the terminal , and the ability to create and install android apps on-device . i use terminal ide and vim quite a bit , ( but with better terminal emulator pro 's terminal , actually . )
rooting your phone gives you root access ( duh ! ) , but that does not mean accessing a shell requires you to root your phone . you can use adb to connect to your device and gain shell access . you can also use connectbot to access your device 's shell on the device itself . this will give you normal access to your device and you will not be able to run su to gain root access . you can , however , modify and play with files to which you have access . vim is available without root access , so , so far you still have no reason to root your phone .
if you can , boot into fastboot by holding down both volume keys and pressing the power key , then start recovery and do a factory reset .
i would recommend you to download some camera manipulation app like vintage camera by fine droid devs though it would have been better if you had mentioned your device .
if you know the exact position to touch for focusing the camera , you can use adb shell input tap &lt;x&gt;&lt;y&gt; . this will simulate a touch on the particular (x,y) cordinates .
before you take a video , focus the camera first . i had a similar issue with a digital camera ( canon s95 ) . sometimes , i would get a blurry video . it turns out that i forgot to focus the camera first , before pressing the record button . the concept would be the same with a phone camera .
why are there any apps starting when the drive is attached ? first you need some background information what is going on there . many things on android are " event-based " . that is , when " something " happens , the system issues a " broadcast " saying so . some well-known and easy-to-understand events include boot completed storage ( un ) mounted ( usually sdcard removed/inserted , or some external drive ) battery low network changed apps can register " listeners " for specific broadcast-events ( intents ) , so they get started/awakened/informed then . again some examples : media-scanner wants to know when a new storage " entity " got attached , to check for music/pictures/videos to insert into its internal database location service wants to know about network changes : if there is a new network , it might be interesting to determine the current location several apps ( far too many ) want to start at boot so obviously , your archive app has registered a listener for the storage broadcast , and similarly your app . how to get rid of that ? for your own app , you could adjust its code correspondingly . but that is no task for us here , but if needed , you can discuss that at our sister-site stackoverflow.com. for all other apps ( the following is applicable to other combinations as well ) , you will need your device to be rooted ( details can be found in the rooting tag-wiki ) . then go to the playstore and get yourself an app like e.g. autorun manager pro ( yes , for the following you will need the pro if you decide for this app . i chose it nevertheless , as it turned out to be the best in my tests a while ago ) : autorun manager ( click image to enlarge ) as you can see in the screenshot , autorun manager permits you to disable each listener an app may have registered separately . and their names are ( in most cases ) quite descriptive . so use arm , go into its " advanced mode " , look up the archive app , and check what listeners it has registered . disable the one sounding reasonable -- and your issue should be solved . you can change that anytime you want . whenever the modified app is updated , you will have to do that again . you also can simply revert all changes with two taps , as arm has a specific " restore " feature for that . ps : as you have tagged your question auto-start , you could have hovered your mouse over that tag , and select the " info " link . this will bring you to the tag wiki , where you can find most of what i just wrote ( and maybe even some additional information ) -- so i recommend reading that as well . furthermore , take it as hint for the future : many of our tag-wikis contain first-aid . and in many cases that might already be enough to solve an issue : )
lies , damned lies , and equipment specs . i can print up a lovely sticker that says it'll output 1000a . does not mean it'll output that . it is significantly cheaper to make a low-power supply than it is to make a high-power power supply . making the latter means you need a bigger transformer ( with heavier windings ) , larger capacitor ( s ) , larger inductor ( s ) and higher current rectifier ( s ) , all of which add up to more money . if you are trying to make stuff on the cheap and are not worried about pesky things like ethics , you will go with the lower end components and massage the specs ( by testing at low temperatures , etc . this is especially common with computer power supplies which specify output at 25c , even though they would actually operate at ~40c unless you are using them inside a refrigerator ) , use theoretical values rather than actually testing the product ( saving money on qa ) , or just outright lie about the specs , the latter of which is probably the case with this charger , for reasons below . one big red warning light that your charger is substandard is that the ce mark ( which is used to indicate conformance to eu standards ) is fake . the shape of the letters and their spacing is wrong . a real ce mark should have the letters each forming a half-and-a-bit circle and should link up if you continue the arc , as shown below . a cursory glance at the mark on your charger shows it looks nothing like this . the ccc mark ( indicating compliance to chinese standards ) is also fake . other warnings signs include having no manufacturer listed and improper capitalization ( should be ma , not ma , unless they are claiming is can supply a billion amps . ) . in essence , to determine if a charger is likely to be substandard , apply the same thoughts as you would for determining whether a product is counterfeit . the only real difference between a substandard product and most counterfeits is whether a manufacturer 's label is forged or not .
aside from the actual power provided , there is another variable : whether the device recognizes that the charger is capable of putting out the rated amps . devices have some different strategies for recognizing what rating a charger has . now when connected to a computer , it is easy - the numbers come across during usb enumeration . but when connecting to a dumb charger , it is harder , and you do not want to try to draw too much , as that will cause the charger 's over-current protection to kick in and cut it off . i know that apple uses a specific set of resistors in their charges to produce specific voltages on the usb data lines . their devices then look for those voltages and take them to mean that they can draw some larger amount of current . the problem with this is that there do not seem to be a lot of standards on this detection - different devices seem to do different things . i would guess that your cheapo-charger does not do whatever the galaxy nexus requires to recognize that the charger is capable of 1 amp , so it does not try to charge at the higher rate .
even 10a charger will not fast that fast because android recognized your charger as 500mah . workaround https://dangerousthings.com/shop/android-fast-charge-usb-cable/ or by shorting data+ and data-
if smartphone is taking longer with cheapy charger for full charge , it means that the cheapy is giving less power . there is no exception or loophole with that . grab a multimeter and measure the output by your own . in this case , the printed specs ( 5v/1a ) may simply be wrong or there may be other things like cable , connector etc which are screwing the output .
just like resistors , chargers have error margins , it is just not written on them , simply because it should be negligible in the case of known brands . your phone will not even charge if the charger is deviating a lot from the designated voltage . it is not even supposed to harm your phone because modern phones have fail safe measures in them . now if the charger is having the right voltage , the speed of charging is dependent on the amount of current it passes . and here is where the problem lies with cheap chargers . cheap components affect the amount of current passing through them .
there is an option to do this under ice cream sandwich and later , go into settings tap on data usage ensure that mobile data is activated , if not , a check-box stating set mobile data limit will appear underneath , checking that will bring up a informational dialog box stating limiting data usage . now the graph chart will have two sliders active amber ( warning ) and red ( maximum ) , by moving the amber coloured bar , that is your warning limit set . and moving the red coloured bar , is your maximum limit , set that to 250mb max as per your case , and set the amber bar to around 230mb as a warning and ics/jellybean will remind you that you are hitting the limit .
if you are connected via wi-fi , your phone will only use that connection . the only sort of data that would be required to use mobile data would be mms ( aka multimedia messages ) everything else will operate with wi-fi if you have it . one thing you will also want to look into is the wi-fi sleep policy , to ensure you phone never disconnects from wi-fi if it is in range . go to : Settings \u2192 Wifi \u2192 Advanced (via menu button) \u2192 Sleep Policy  set this to " never " , so your phone will always use wi-fi ( if available ) when it is asleep . this also saves battery as the distance between your wi-fi and your phone is a lot shorter than the phone mast and your phone ! update if you are that concerned about using mobile data , search the market for " apn droid " , which is an app that completely turns on/off your mobile data .
you may appear to be connected to your wi-fi , but you may not be connected to the internet . it is possible that the internet is down .
check your signal bar in the top right corner of the notification bar . if it displays the both the wifi ( quarter circle ) and the 3g/hdspa bar ( right triangle ) , then your phone will prefer wifi , otherwise it will use 3g/hdspa . also note that the wifi signal bar is overlaid with small triangles when there is an active data transfer through wifi and the phone signal bar is overlaid with similar triangle when there is an active data transfer through 3g/hdspa . also note that the when 3g is active , the phone signal bar is overlaid with 3g or h icon . also note that when connected to wifi , the 3g/h icon is missing from the phone signal bar , which shows that 3g/hdspa has been disabled .
i fixed by giving the mobile calendar the same name as its called on google . . .
the clock shown on the lock screen is part of the lock screen itself . the clock on your home screen is a widget . the only way to get the lock screen clock on your home screen is to find a widget that looks the same . there are plenty of widgets on the google play store , and if you can not find one you like you could always write one yourself !
i had the same problem . . . go to play store and update your google+ app and then try to sign in again . it worked for me .
check for a security notification under the notifications . i missed it at first on my tablet .
it looks like that all dictionaries are embedded into keyboards , but you can try to find the dictionary by searching in android market with query : your_desired_language language pack for example for " finnish language pack " there are packs for 3 different keyboards : slideit , anysoftkeyboard and gingerbread keyboard ( unfortunately not the original one , you should install gingerbread keyboard app from market even if you already have original gingerbread keyboard ) .
very few apps actually retrieve your phone number with the permission " phone calls - read phone state and identity " . skype does , as scanned by the app privacy inspector . to echo olegas : what does skype need this for ? to address iconik 's statement of " permissions . . . should be obvious": obvious , yes . specific , no . that is why i am glad privacy inspector provides clarity .
your accounts - skype acts as an account authenticator the way google does ; most likely used to easily store your skype username and password your location - probably for statistics and some location-based features your personal information - allows you to directly call a contact 's phone number , as well as their skype account , from the contacts application phone calls - almost every application needs access to to this section in order to get the phone 's unique id . skype also needs this to know if the phone is in a call . storage - probably to store cached data system tools - all of these allow skype to prevent the phone becoming idle during a call , as well as sync contacts all other permissions should be obvious .
that definitely does not make sense . unless they somehow turned off one core ( probably impossible without serious development effort ) and compared the transfer rate to when both cores were on , you can not draw that conclusion . one phone might have a different transfer rate that another , but it has nothing to do with whether one phone has a dual-core processor or not . the speed of the internal memory or sd card and the filesystem are the most important factors , and possibly the efficiency of the storage-handling code . all three can vary between devices .
there is a dirty fix to it , create an empty contact that is only the name but no number , then merge the fb contact with the dummy contact . should set it right , as i said it is a dirty fix but it works .
http://forums.androidcentral.com/t-inspire-4g/110483-phone-number-instead-contact-name.html htc is aware of the issue but there is no true fix for it yet . anything in that link is temporary , but it is insightful . htc should be working on a fix .
i do not think you can . the site is supporting the mobile-web-app-capable view which means chrome displays it like an app , hides the address bar and it integrates into the recent apps menu as though it was a ' normal ' app . i do not believe there is a way to exit fullscreen when using a bookmark to a site like this . for those who are unsure what the op is referring to , http://weight.aerotwist.com/ is a site that supports this ' app ' mode . if you browse to the site in chrome and chose the menu option " add to home screen " this adds a ' bookmark ' to your home screen which when used launches the site in chrome in app mode . see here for more details .
if you had adb debugging enabled , there is an easy way to do this using the sdk . all you have to do is connect the device to the computer while it is booting , and type : adb shell su mount -o remount,rw /system rm -rvf /system/libskia.so mv /system/libskia.so-back /system/libskia.so  to get the adb binary you will have to download the android sdk , or google ' android mini sdk ' . if you did not have usb debugging enabled , then the only thing you can do is flash a new rom . you would have to install cwm recovery , and find a rom for your device . if your device has fastboot you can easily flash a recovery file that has been made for your device by using the fastboot flash recovery &lt;recovery .img file path&gt; .
it is a problem with the google tv os , not the device 's firmware . there was a google tv update that supposedly came down the stream quite some time ago , but my logitech revue never got it . it was supposed to have given amazon instant an actual app instead of the link to chrome which is currently on the device . since logitech is no longer supporting the device , i do not count on ever getting that update , or any updates . what annoys me about this issue , though , is that i used to get hd through chrome on my revue . i actually bought an hd season pass for walking dead at the beginning of the season , and watched the first half in hd . i stumbled across the inability to watch hd content only a couple weeks ago . there must have been a software update on amazon 's end that created this new incompatibility , and since the revue is not getting any more updates , it will continue losing functionality like this . i am going to try watching walking dead via playon to see if it makes any sort of difference . though , that only runs through chrome , also . it does not have its own app on the revue , even though it does on a lot of other devices and platforms . it is only a matter of time before i replace my revue with a roku or something now .
this seems to be a bug on the os ( src ) you have to use a third party app for this . vcardio and bizcard manager/sms vcard are good solutions . former one is preferable and it is free .
for some reason i assumed that sms functionality was integral to the phone , not the os , and so it would be reliant on carrier configurations and settings . as a result , i automatically went looking for some kind of solution that involved roms or kernels and whatnot . however , it turns out that there are sms apps available on google play , and i was able to solve this by simply using an app other than the default . in my case , i chose handcent . sms works perfectly fine . so it was only the default sms app that was the problem , not anything more fundamental .
it could be a rom bug - have you communicated to the author/thread of the rom and asked if there are any issues with sms sending ? if there are not , i suggest that you wipe factory data completely , and then try again . you may wish to use an app such as my backup root or titanium backup to back up your apps before you do so .
you can use android device emulator for this . it is packaged with the android sdk and a virtual mobile device that runs on your computer . the emulator lets you develop and test android applications without using a physical device . link : http://developer.android.com/tools/help/emulator.html
here is bluestacks which gives you exactly all you want . 100 times better than emulator . i have seen my colleagues using watsapp , playing temple run ( not efficiently ) in that . you can root it too .
by reserving i guess uboat55 means to . . suggest the use of static ip address . you can configure your router to work with static ip address instead of a dhcp service . which i also feel should do the trick . configure your router with fixed ip address and latter use that ip address . or you can even try to assign ip address directly to ur device a . without changing any thing on the router part . just remember the ip address range . eg 192.168.1xx . xxx to 192.168.255.254 and chose any one ip address within that range . and remember the default subnet i.e. 255.255 . xxx . xxx or something similar and the router ip address and use this on ur mobile .
if you are rooted , use proxy droid . apps use different settings than the ones u provide in the wifi . so not only will your google play not work but also whatsapp and such apps . for that you would need a global proxy . and for that u need to be rooted . you install proxy droid . install iptables . and then ur done
in this case an os upgrade solved the issue . for someone in a similar situation without an os upgrade ( or other fix ) in sight , it might be worth taking a look at vcard manager ( which claims to be able to open all types of vcards ) or contacts vcf , which says to open any .vcf file : vcard manager and contacts vcf ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants )
you do not need to scroll all the way to the top to see the url field in the standard browser . at any point in the page just pull the screen down very slightly and it pulls the url bar at the top down with it , it should then stay visible for about 2 seconds unless you tap in the bar . this is also the easiest way to access any other tabs that you have got open .
http://m.androidcentral.com/how-get-developer-settings-galaxy-s4 head into the settings menu . samsung 's done things a little differently and changed the way the settings menu looks , so you will need to hit the " more " tab , and then get into the software information . look for " about device " at the bottom . tap it . hop on down to the build number , and tap it seven times . one . two . three . four . five . six . you will get a little prompt saying you are about to unlock the developer settings . hit that button one final time -- seven ! -- and they are unlocked . have you tried this ? its really a bit tricky .
this might work . android screencast it is a way to see and control your phone from pc . should let you enable usb debugging at least .
you can try this : 1 ) go to settings -> about phone 2 ) look for " build number " 3 ) tap on it continuously for few times , you will see message that the developer mode is activated . .
lbe works on jellybean -- just not the version you install from the playstore . the boot-loop problem is a known issue ( so nobody can understand why the developer did not even place a note on the app 's playstore page ) . on xda you can find multiple threads discussing this issue , and at least one of them also holds modified versions of lbe to download . take e.g. a look at : [ app ] lbe security manager v4.3.2738 ( this is a new version only released in chinese -- but some xda members provide a translated version here ) [ app ] [ root ] lbe privacy guard - most powerful privacy protection app for android [ app ] lbe privacy guard v2 is now available alternatives to lbe would include : pdroid privacy protection pdroid manager ( open-source alternative to it )
a few apps for you to try out:- https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.stericson.permissions.donate
reinstall cm with minimal gapps , your /system folder is most probably full due to gapps-kk taking up too much space . http://goo.im/devs/banks/gapps/4.4.3
rooting will involve several steps . you may or may not want to unlock your bootloader first ( i did unlock it first before trying the following steps ) . in order to use these instructions , you will need a windows computer and your device must be running ice cream sandwich or jelly bean . you will also want to ensure your device is charged before trying to root it . these instructions are paraphrased from xperia htc rooting . download the bin4ry rooting software , and extract it to your desktop enable usb debugging on your xperia p . you can do this by going into settings > application > developer options > usb debugging and checking the box to enable it . connect your xperia p to your computer via a usb cable . if your device is not recognized , you may need to install the sony xperia p usb driver first , then reconnect it again . double click on RunMe.bat file in the bin4ry folder that you extracted a black command window popup should appear with green text . type 1 to select new_standard_root and press enter . follow the on screen instructions to root your device . note : if the new_stand_root method does not work , try repeating steps 4 and 5 with the second root method ( new xperia root by goroh_kun ) .
okay here is how to root without unlocking bootloader for xp jellybean . this is confirmed working and do it in your own risk . note : charge your phone to 100% before doing this and back up contact , message and any other installed app . download and install flashtool ( if you dont know how to flash using flashtool follow this tutorial download Sony Xperia P_6.1.1.B.1.75_Generic World from here put the ftf file inside the firmware folder of flashtool turn Usb Debugging on in your phone shut down your xperia p press the lightning icon inside flashtool select FLASHMODE ( not fastboot ) choose the sony xperia p_6.1.1 . b . 1.75_generic world ftf file for xp when flashtool ask you to connect your device , insert usb cable first in your phone then hold Volume Down button and insert the other end of usb in your pc wait till it finish disconnect your phone and power on . you are back in ics flash 0.559 kernel via flashtool remove the phone from pc , reboot the phone connect the phone to pc open flashtool hit the root button when you see " waiting for restore to finish " open your phone and run backup and restore app and restore rootme . tar file . wait until flashtool do the rest of work when u r done flash . 75 kernel via flashtool reboot the phone download cwm extract the folder connect your phone to the pc with usb debugging click on install . bat download jb kernel and pre rooted jb put it on your sd card well now shut down you xperia p turn it on enter cwm recovery by pressing volume down ( dont hold the volume button put press repeatedly move up and down using volume button select using power button ) mount system mount data mount cache flash the jb kernel zip again mount system mount data mount cache flash the jb_prerooted_6.2 . a . 0.400 . zip do not reboot ! ! wipe data/factory reset reboot ! ! it take some minutes , but just wait with patience for the 1st time you may get fc from thememanager and timescape enjoy rooted jb ! ! ! source : xda
ive also disassembled completely my s2 a few times also because of its lcd ( it was black sometimes i could see a few pixel flashing in random colors or if i was lucky the whole screen was covered in horizontal blue stripes after repeatedly being covered with a tint of a different colour ) you need to make sure the antenna is properly inserted make sure it is as straight and tucked in as possible ( push it under with something ( be careful not to scratch the pcb ) and maybe look at some picture how it should be . ) look for any damages to anything . also it might be a good idea to clean the contact ( i heard isopropyl alcohol is good and the purer it is the better but i am not sure if it is good for phones ) consider flashing a rom with the latest android ( now is 4.4.2 ) and a better kernel should help . do not bother about warranty you can always go back to stock even if the lcd dies again .
yzfr1 's answer helped ! when i installed htc sync there was only adb.exe but no fastboot.exe , using adb.exe and fastboot.exe from the sdk and putting them in htc sync 's directory solved the problem .
found a solution myself . the problem was that the adb and fastboot tools in the htc sync program did not work . i solved it by downloading the android sdk , installing platform-tools , removing htc sync from the path variable and adding the platform-tools directory in its place .
it sounds like something has corrupted within your phone . you did not say if you forced a factory reset - that would be my first suggestion . failing that , you are left in a tricky situation . the only think i can suggest is to root your device and install a new rom over top , i tend to advise people to install cyanogenmod . luckily there are complete instructions for doing that over at the cyanogenmod wiki . good luck .
definitely contact the dev about that , like izzy suggests . you could simply not use airplane mode ( you are not really saving battery life if you are still enabling wifi and other radio connections like bluetooth and gps ) and just disable mobile data on your device . this article indicates that you can easily disable data by going to settings > battery and data manager > data delivery > and un-tick the data enabled option . this might vary across devices and carriers . that should allow you to use your device without a mobile carrier network connection , saving battery by not searching for the network , and allow the app to work just fine .
what does the developer say ? seriously every single rom that i have ever seen contained detailed instructions and more often than not a faq of some sorts for this reason exactly . anyway , if the zip file contains a boot.img file than it is safe to assume that it will be flashed . the updater-script that handles the copying of files is generated automatically when the rom is compiled so unless someone removes it , the kernel will be flashed .
you need to install the speech synthesis data for the tts engine . you can find it on the play store here .
android itself is based on linux , which is designed for case-sensitive filesystems . internal storage is usually on an ext or ext4 filesystem , which is case-sensitive . sd cards are usually formatted with fat 32 , which is a case-insensitive filesystem . although android can support using other filesystems on the sd card , windows pcs can not , so it is unusual to format your sd card with a different filesystem , and if you do this , you can not use the sd card in a windows pc ( via a card-reader ) , nor can you have the phone act as a usb mass storage device when connected to a pc .
try the smart screen protector application from the play store . it claims to disable the lock key when the screen is locked even with the pin . does not require a root device if it does not work then you can increase the delay time as suggested by the app .
i dont think it is possible with that rom . what you can do is to change the button 's task when phone is locked ( like activator on ios ) . i think cm7 is not supports this feature but you can simply find it by google it ( button task changer or something like that ) .
you could try using lcd density changer to decrease the density ( effectively increase the size of everything on-screen ) . this will probably result in the bottom and right side of screens being cut off , however . there are also ( limited ) accessibility options in settings -> accessibility . i think it might be limited to a screen reader . if the problem is really just things on-screen being too small , may i suggest eyeglasses ?
you can make text larger by going to the settings app and clicking on display and then font size . unfortunately , not all developers test their apps with different font size settings , so you may find some apps look bad or have their buttons in the wrong place . if you find an app like this you should always complain to the developer . newer android devices have more options for vision-impaired users , found in accessibility in the settings app ( find it in the system section , near the bottom of the list ) . there you can find an additional large text setting , as well as an option to read out on-screen text and describe gui elements , as matthew describes . you can also change how long a long-tap is : your father might find this useful if he has arthritis and sometimes long-taps by accident .
with fastboot tools you should still be able to access your device via usb . get the android-sdk-tools from google , and give it a try http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/doc:_fastboot_intro http ://wiki . cyanogenmod . org/w/doc:_adb_intro in this wikis you will also find plenty ways to unbrick your device : unbrick android xda - google-suche https ://www.google.de/search?q=unbrick+android+xda unbrick any android phone http ://www.beingtricky.com/unbrick-any-android-phone/ these 6 methods will help you unbrick any android device - droidiser http ://www.droidiser.com/2013/07/how-to-unbrick-any-android-phone.html fastboot-unbrick your device with ' no display ' - my community http ://forums.droidbeans.com//tutorials/fastboot-to-unbrick-your-device/ xda-developers - threads tagged with unbrick http ://forum.xda-developers.com/tags.php?tag=unbrick [ release ] one-click unbrick updated 10july11 - xda-developers http ://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1153310 hope this will help
in the ' create new android virtual device ' window in eclipse it says , " on windows , emulating ram greater than 768m may fail depending on the system load . try progressively smaller values of ram if the emulator fails to launch . " as answered here stackexchange-url there is a . ini file you can edit in [ username ] \ . android\avd [ avd name . avd ] \config . ini that you can edit by changing ' hw . ramsize=1024' to ' hw . ramsize=1024mb ' . i tried it and it worked for me .
enter recovery and delete dalvik/cache . to enter recovery you have to hold Volume up + Home + Power ( the same with Volume down is download mode ) . once in recovery , select the option to wipe cache/dalvik , then restart the phone . if the phone keeps rebooting as it was doing before , try searching the log of the boot sequence to see if you can find where it fails . you will need a pc with android sdk installed and the phone 's usb cable . with the phone off , open a CMD window in your pc , go to android sdk directory and run adb logcat turn on your phone and connect the usb cable . you should en seeing in your cmd window the log of the phone as it boots . once it enters a boot loop , you should be able to check the log and see what it tries to do and can not do ( that triggers the boot loop ) .
i am sorry to tell you that android 's email forwarding function is broekn at least since 2009 . google is closing all bugreports and ignoring thisn problem . this kind of problem is easy to hide so those who do not an android device will not know about it . and since fixing it will not bring in any money . . . there is no need to fix it .
your device is not listed in the list of supported notebooks , so it is not surprising that it does not work . you will have to wait until it is supported . remember that the android-x86 project is made by volunteers , so support for particular hardware depends on someone with the necessary skills having that hardware and an interest in making it work . you might be able to help speed the process along by buying a similar device for the project ( that they can test on ) , or by helping to update documentation or such to help free their time for porting . if you want to help get your device supported faster , in the first instance you should contact their discussion group and ask what you can do to help .
hmm i was searching a little 1 . find drivers for linux for this card ( test on linux does it works properly ) 2 . android x86 have different location of resource folder ( additional drivers ) 3 . find on androidx86 where exactly you have to copy driver 's 4 . start new installation of android kitkat 4.4.2 x86 version with drivers included in specific folder 5 . a - if works : ) b - if not you should be able to see on screen when boot first time after installation where it stops ( drop print screen here on forum ) 6 . if you wont see anything try debug mode and then drop prsc here i think that is all i can advise in this topic
for my laptop only solution was change in bios settings becaouse i have radeon and intel vga https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/android-kitkat/-aupm37elem
wrong wrong wrong it is not about he is laptop " is not supported " kitkat have issue with radeon graphic cards there is small solution for that you have to change destination library for source to start graphic acceleration i have lenovo t400 with radeon it run only in debug mode 2 and most important it start only with selected debug nomodeset kitkat start with 860 x resolution . i try to edit almost all possible graphic ( important kitkat support only 16 bit color ) so even if you will be able start os you will not have graphic acceleration . i saw one solution when i will test it and it will work i will drop info here , sorry for all typo and mistakes ( english is not my native language ) ps . on samsung laptop 3530 intel 3000 vga - installation and setup took few minutes no problems at all ( radeon usually older cards have that problem ) if anyone will have 100 % tested solution please give me a shout good luck everyone almost forgot using kitkat 4.4.2 and this works for me https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!topic/android-kitkat/-aupm37elem
based on some quick testing i did on my nexus one running android 2.2 ( froyo ) , it seems like all sound is routed through headphones when they are plugged in . you could attach a male-to-male 1/8" ( 3.5mm ) audio cable from the headphone jack on your phone ( or the mini-usb-to-headphone-jack adapter , depending on your phone model ) to the line in jack on your pc . you may need to do some configuration on your pc to get sound from the line in to play to the speakers &mdash ; i recommend sister site super user if you need help with that . there is one caveat : although all sound is routed through the headphone jack , some sounds are still also heard through the phone 's speakers . the two most notable of these are the ringer and the camera shutter sound . depending on what exactly you are going for , that could be an issue .
most articles i have encountered where people wish to undertake a complete image backup of their device requires root . however i have come across an article written in how-to geek entitled " how to create a full android phone or tablet backup without rooting or unlocking your device " . the article will take you throught the steps of : installing the android sdk device setup testing adb backing up your device restoring a backup http://www.howtogeek.com/125375/how-to-create-a-full-android-phone-or-tablet-backup-without-rooting-or-unlocking-your-device/ the article concludes by saying the complexity of using the android sdk to create and restore backups is a bit much for the average user .
this might help : [ guide ] full phone backup without unlock or root although it is talking about galaxy nexus , but this method is completely compatible with your nexus 7 .
settings > accounts and sync > john . doe@gmail . com tick the sync contacts checkbox : ) make your phone connect to the internet and wait to see the google magic : ) just in my case it syncs the contact photos perfectly : )
launch chrome in the overflow menu , choose Settings under basics , tap the entry for your account disconnect the account ; you will be warned that the data will remain but you will lose your synchronization tap Sign in to Chrome at the bottom of the screen choose the account you want to use for synchronizing obviously for this to work you will need to have already added the account to your phone .
the steps you have to take are the following ones : expand the list of recent labels , but this time tap the option show all labels . this will take you to the list of all your labels , in whose bottom you will see the option manage labels : tap there . in the list of labels , tap the one you want to be notified about . by default that label has label sync and notify disabled . tap the option sync messages it will open a popup dialog with sync options . choose and tap one different to sync : none . the above will enable the notifications , now you can choose its options according the way you want to be notified . exit the label options for changes to be applied . from now on , you will receive notifications about unread messages for that label too ( in jelly bean , you will see the extended notification , as with inbox emails ) . you will be able to open the email message tapping on that notification .
finally found solution via editing /data/data/com.android.providers.settings/databases/settings.db file via sqlite3 . just adb pull that file to your computer , if you use stock recovery you must mount userdata partition manually , in that case see android adb shell recovery mounting for hints . also you can not just pull the file directly but copy it inside adb shell to your sdcard or some intermediary filesystem . eg . busybox cp sett* /sdcard to get rid of the initial setup : yes , the device_provisioned must be present in both tables . however on the stock jb there was no global table , so you do not need to take care of it and the secure table is missing some records we update here so these need to be inserted instead . on stock jb before editing the settings . db run PRAGMA wal_checkpoint and PRAGMA journal_mode = DELETE described here : stackexchange-url otherwise updates on existing rows will not take effect because android will rollback on reboot . for cyanogenmod 11 just delete the settings . db-journal file and it should be ok . it was neccessary after pushing the settings . db file back to folder on device to chmod 660 settings.db chown system:system settings.db  in this order , because chmod may set the owner and group back to root usb otg mouse is still not working sadly , so i guess i must get access for adb anyway . to enable usb debugging ( adb ) : setprop persist.service.adb.enable 1 ('setprop persist.sys.usb.config mtp,adb' if needed)  settings . db : update secure set value=5037 where name='adb_port'; update global set value=1 where name='adb_enabled';  after booting dialog to confirm pc 's fingerprint appears . to avoid this get your adbkey . pub ( on linux may be located at ~/ . android ) : adb push adbkey.pub /data/misc/adb/adbkey.pub cat adbkey.pub &gt;&gt; adb_keys  after all of this you can input tap|swipe|text anything to control your phone and get access for bluetooth or otg mouse/keyboard etc . i hope this helps . the fingerprint injection is needed for android 4.2.2+ . thanks to xda-developers and android issues with adb security at code.google.com.
i had the same problem . solved it by installing sharekm ( app that allows you to control your android phone with a pc 's keyboard and mouse ) . after you run the sharekm app it will probably tell you it is outdated and you will not be able to run it . a workaround ( found in this xda thread ) is to first kill the app , clear its cache and set the date on your phone to 3/30/2014 .
the only way to reduce this number is to remove contacts . now this could be setting apps like twitter and facebook to not sync contacts . but if you have pictures for everyone , it is going to increase the amount of storage as well .
although just a " little " late i did create a free application called total backup to save and restore most of the contact joins without needing root . it can be found at google play or amazon appstore . do not hesitate with feedback .
your contacts should all be backed up to the google account you registered your phone with , provided that you are saving your contacts to google and not your sim card . check to make sure that you are using google as your default contact list , and that syncing for contacts for that account is checked . update : you can use titanium backup to migrate settings between rom wipes for other apps/contacts .
if you have not tried this yet , i think you should try syncing your device . to sync the device , you tap on the settings button on the top right and select sync .
install a vnc server on the phone through adb and then you can connect to it .
.Trash-1000 is a metafolder like windows 's recycle bin , normally created by ubuntu ( and perhaps other linux variants ) . have you deleted anything on your sd card from your pc ? that would explain it . you can safely delete it . see also : http://superuser.com/questions/169980/what-is-trash-and-trash-1000
voice notify may help as well . it is not necessarily practical in every situation ( i.e. . meetings ) , but can be handy at home when your phone is charging across the room and you do not want to have to get up to look at it every time it buzzes .
you should see a notification icon in the bar at the top of the screen . swipe down and you can click on the notification to load the application that generated it . in addition you can install sms popup or something similar to display the details of the sms on screen immediately . i have not found anything like this for email though .
i will supply the answer from my samsung galaxy s3 , assuming a similar setting is located at a similar location on your xperia . look for settings> display> touch key light duration . on samsung there are settings from always off to always on , and timed settings in between . choose one of your liking other than always off to restore lighting to the buttons . update : sorry if the settings are not exactly at that loocation . here is a link to the user manual update2: i notice that the xperia has a slideout keyboard . sometimes the keyboard lighting is controlled by the control key lighting . look in the same place , except for keypad timeout : settings> display> keypad timeout .
i do not know why this happens , but you may be able to combat the problem with proximity autolock . if the phone 's screen is somehow turned on , the proximity sensor should tell the phone to turn its screen off right away . now , this works when the power button gets pressed ; i would think it would also work when other events turn the screen on , but i am not completely sure .
you can set up a screen lock that requires more that a keystroke to unlock the phone , as to prevent the phone being unlocked when bouncing around inside your pockets : click your phone " menu " button ; tap " settings" ; tap " location and security" ; scroll your way to " screen unlock " and tap over " set up screen lock" ; pick your poison , for me it was " pattern" ; after selecting a more robust method to unlock your screen , even if the unlock screen pops up while the phone is in your pocket , it will be virtually impossible unlock the phone that way .
there is chance to experience this kind of back light turned of is due to proxy sensor got dusted . firstly please check the proxy sensor is clean or it is not covered with your dusted phone cover , etc .
it turns out that by avoiding touching it with her cheek she was turning the phone a bit and moving the proximity/light sensor away from her ear , which turned the screen on and was causing the hangups . when she presses the speaker firmly against her ear the screen locks like it is supposed to .
try screebl - it makes use of the internal sensor to determine whether the phone 's vertical and turns the screen on/off during a call according to the options specified .
i think that you have mis-interpreted for applications and all in-app products that you choose to sell on google play to mean all purchases made through apps distributed via google play rather than purchases made using the google play store . when you use the ebay app they do not take payment via google play and therefore do not need to pay google 30% . having said that . . . as mentioned by dan hulme the google play terms prohibit using other payment mechanisms for purchases that are are entirely within the app ( i.e. . excluding magazine subscriptions , other kinds of downloadable content , and purchases of physical goods ) app purchases : developers charging for apps and downloads from google play must do so by using google play 's payment system . in-app purchases : developers offering virtual goods or currencies within a game downloaded from google play must use google play 's in-app billing service as the method of payment . developers offering additional content , services or functionality within another category of app downloaded from google play must use google play 's in-app billing service as the method of payment , except : where payment is primarily for physical goods or services ( e . g . , buying movie tickets , or buying a publication where the price also includes a hard copy subscription ) ; or where payment is for digital content or goods that may be consumed outside of the app itself ( e . g . , buying songs that can be played on other music players ) .
yes , you can open a browser from the command-line using adb . here is an example from so : stackexchange-url
to add to the other two responses , i would venture that if the tablet is low-end enough to not include bluetooth internally , then it is not going to be able to handle an external adapter well or at all . i would also second the recommendation for airdroid . wifi is much more ubiquitous as a form of connectivity for devices , be they laptops , tablets , or desktop pc 's . why futz with bluetooth when you already have a workable solution ?
not very active if you use apps like alogcat . the permissions system regarding to logs was changed with jelly bean : the permission to read logs " read_logs " is now systemorsignature , which means that an app that is not signed with the rom/system key can only view its own log . you can still view the full android log with adb logcat from the sdk . i think that this was a long overdue change in the log system .
i used spanning , which was perfect . took care of the whole thing . why google does not have this functionality is beyond me .
languages support i guess , plus the build number targets the specific si numbers found underneath the battery hence the differences between them , however minor they may be , to target the region itself .
the google now option for note to self might work for you . . . it does not do a voice memo , but it will let you leave notes to yourself .
i would recommend switching to k-9 mail if the default email app can not handle this . in k-9 mail , once you have set up your account , long-press it and select Account settings -&gt; Folders . on this page you can change the Drafts folder , Sent folder , Spam folder and Trash folder to your preferred ones .
you can create a screen shortcut for " home " or any location you use often . long-press on the home screen , select the shortcuts option , and scroll down to get a directions option . you will be prompted for an address , which can be either specific or general . choose car , public transit , or walking directions , ensure " turn-by-turn navigation " is checked , and give it a short name , like " home " . now you have a shortcut which will quickly get the directions you want from wherever you are . you can also " star " locations on the map that you use often . you can also use contacts to quickly get addresses for navigation . were you to have a " home " entry in your contact list , you could simply use the voice command " navigate to home " .
busybox is a single utility that contains the functionality of many of the basic unix tools . it is used on most embedded-linux systems instead of having separate executables for each utility , which wastes space owing to code duplication . there are several busybox installers available on google play , and one on f-droid . custom roms often have busybox built-in . in addition , grep and cat ( and a few more ) are already built into android . android has its own busybox-like called toolbox , but it is a lot smaller ( i.e. . more limited ) than the full busybox . you can access toolbox commands ( or busybox commands once you have installed it ) from a terminal emulator , in just the same way as any unix system .
the popup you are referring to exists as to alert the device user that the cellular service as become unavailable . if you wish to stick to a specific network , there is nothing you can do . options for mobile networks are located at : Settings \u2192 Wireless &amp; networks \u2192 Mobile Networks  and there is no option to prevent the system from warning you about the lost of network connectivity . from the above location , under " network operators " , you have an option " select automatically " , that will allow your device to select another network without disturbing you . but by your question contents , you do not want this .
it happens when tab is unloaded from memory . your thinking for multitasking is right , but just for multitasking , android can not let device crashing happen , for example ( device hardware resources are limited ) . there are many things which should be given higher priority than a background app . when foreground app needs high amount of memory , background apps are unloaded fully or partially from memory . technically , when free memory drops below certain level , attack on background apps is performed . in fact , foreground app can also be attacked when kernel runs out of memory . when it comes to websites , web browsers often make request of removed things of website ( which are not available in disc cache ) . to re-construct a web page , its better to reload webpage . you can check it with dolphin browser hd : send it to background and disconnect from internet . then , re-open it . webpage will be reloaded , but using cache ( mind it , there is no internet connection ) .
you can generally install cyanogenmod without wiping as long as you are within the same major release ( i.e. . 7.1 -> 7.2 is okay , 7.1 -> 9.0 would require a wipe to boot properly ) . worst case is that you bootloop , usually , so you can always try it and then go back into recovery and wipe if it does not work . it is never caused problems for me before and i put nightlies on my devices on a fairly regular basis ( 2-3 times per week , usually ) . the cyanogenmod team has also noted this in the past on their blog and in other places . the 7.1 announcement , for example , stated : upgrading from any previous cm-7 release or nightly build should be smooth and no wipe should be required .
it looks like it is possible with root . here is the relevant thread on how to do it ( after you are rooted ) . and how to get root here .
the problem if i put my still finger on the screen , the " cursor " will shake vigorously can be caused by the power supply . touchscreen sensors seem to be very sensitive to power supply ripple . it is easy to check ; unplug the power cable ( on a phone this is usually also the usb cable ) so that you are running from battery , and see if the problem goes away . be sure your wall charger has enough power ( check the output current against the phone/tablet spec ) .
to answer you questions : could this be caused by the screen protector ? possibly . take the screen protector off and see if the problem persists . my screen protector does not affect the functioning of my screen at all . this is going to depend on the particular screen protector ( i am sure there are cheap , bad ones ) and the particular phone ( they all have different screens and some have calibrations , some dont , some have screen sensitivity adjustment options , some do not ) . is there any noticeable benefit of using screen protector ? or are they just a waste of time and money ? yes there is a benefit , they protect the screen , and no they are not a waste of money . i have scratched/scuffed the hell out of my screen protector and all i had to do was remove it , and put a new one on and my phone was as good as new . had i not had a screen protector my phone would be unusable now , so for just a few dollars and no performance cost my phones screen is as pristine as the day i got the phone . that being said , my job and my lifestyle tend to put the phone through a lot of abuse ; o ) my recommendation : take the screen protector off and go from there . if that does not work and it is under warranty , bring it back . there are so many factors that can affect the touchscreen because it is the basis for all inputs and outputs of the device and troubleshooting can take a while . i would be surprised if it was the humidity or heat difference between indoor and out , but there are a number of different things that can change from indoor to out and if theres a bug , they may be affecting how your phone operates : gps , wifi , reception , auto-brightness sensor . this correlation could also be a coincidence . it could be a particular app that is not playing nice with android and your phones firmware . you will need to to systematically isolate the conditions that affect the problems with your screen and the ones that do not , but ultimately it could just turn out to be a bad unit .
screen protectors seem to have no effect on touchscreen sensitivity . i carry my phone in a small thick clear plastic bag . sometimes i take the phone out to operate it but more often i do not - and it works beautifully . the problem you have is more likely to do with parasitic capacitive coupling sneaking in from somewhere in your setup .
google maps navigation is currently available in the united states , canada , uk , ireland , austria , belgium , denmark , france , germany , italy , the netherlands , portugal , spain , and switzerland .
i have an unbranded german htc desire . it has google navigation installed by default ( iirc , it came with the froyo upgrade -- i do not remember seeing it in the preinstalled android 2.1 . ) .
you can also use your web browser from your computer and go to the my apps section of google play . here you can select the device you want to remove the app from , and click the trashcan icon next to it . this will uninstall the app from that device only . trashcan icon to uninstall an app from the selected device
yes , they have separate lists - you can uninstall from the tablet or phone without affecting the other device .
with this permission an app can . . . read your imei/imsi ( to identify your device/sim ) , #2 in your list read your phone number ( from the sim ) which provider is used ( again , the sim ) see whether a call is active ( #3 ) and if so , phone number of the remote party ( #4 ) your #1 is simply an introductionary phrasing . with android 1.6 and before , this permission was required to detect whether there was a call being processed ( so a game or media player could pause ) . this is no longr the case since 2.0 ( basically even not with 1.6 , but due to a bug this permission was still automatically " injected " by the sdk ) . in newer versions , it is mostly used to . . . identify your device for target-ads ( so the ad provider could tell whether a certain ad was already shown to you ) rightfully by call-blockers and similar apps which need to determine the remote phone number for several statistics and other technical apps ( again , rightfully ) and well , in a way it gives someone the possibility to spy . some malware uses it ( in connection with other permissions ) to create a profile of you . i would say in most cases the dev is not interested in this , but it is rather the ad module requiring this permission . concerning this , please also see : what information does stock android send to google by default , and how do i opt-out ? -- which also covers the ad-modules stuff .
the reason is that android 1.5 and earlier did not require the application to specifically request those permissions and automatically granted them . since android 1.6 , those permissions have to be specifically requested by the app . however , if you specify that your application can run on devices with android 1.5 and less , then that permission is added to the application by default and the market shows that permission as being requested by the application . so in summary , the application may not actually be accessing your " phone state and identity " but if the developer specified that his/her application can run on devices with 1.5 or less then that permission will be shown .
it allows the app to read a unique id ( a phone identifier named imei ) that is associated with your phone . it can therefore help with copy-protection or the attempt to track the number of users .
there is another reason for this than the unique id . i would guess that half of the apps do not access those values at all . the problem is that for a lower version up to android 1.5 this permission does not exist . everybody could access these values without requesting something . therefore if you create an app that is compatible with 1.5 this permission will automatically be added to emulate the lower security of android 1.5 because of that you could ignore this permission in most of the times because it tends to be just a compatibility issue .
the ad providers can use your phone identity to opt you in to telemarketing lists . as long as you have the app you are doing business with them and , by law , they do not have to remove you .
many ad publishers use this permission to get the phone id for all sorts of tracking purposes . there are other ways to get a unique id , but unfortunately they are buggy in older android versions ( the story is more complicated , see e.g. stackexchange-url or http://android-developers.blogspot.com/2011/03/identifying-app-installations.html for a more complete story ) . so if the app uses advertisements , there is a fair chance that the app itself does not actually need the read_phone_state permission , only the ad provider does .
this question has been bothering me quite some time . so now , finally , i decided to get to the bottom of the issue . the playstore has an app named permission . read_phone_state , which requests READ_PHONE_STATE as the only permission , and does nothing else than printing out all data it can access with or without using it . i have installed that on my lg optimus 4x , being rooted on stock android 4.0.3 , and revoked the permission using lbe . results where pretty interesting , as the following screenshots show : information gathered by the app permission . read_phone_state ( click images for larger variants ) as you can easily see , even some information the dev though inaccessible without the permission , was freely accessible : my mailbox number ( remark : yes , it is the correct one ; with my provider that is the shortcut when dialing from your own device , so i can freely display it ; ) at the end of the first screenshot you see : CALL_STATE_IDLE . so no phone call incoming , outgoing , or in progress . no app needs this permission to " background " itself on incoming calls . it is even possible to see whether mobile data are active ( DATA_DISCONNECTED ; i was on wifi when taking the screenshots , as you can see in the notification bar ) , which country you are in , your provider ( including some technical data on him ) , whether you are having a sim card , or if you are in roaming . the only things not accessible hence are identifying data : imei , simid , imsi , and your own phone number . conclusion : this permission is only needed for identification purposes , nothing else . why do so many apps need it then ? for the ad modules , most likely 1 because the dev thought he needs it ( as pointed out by some answers here ) 2 because the app in question is designed to ( also ) run on android 1.5 and below ( easy to find out , as that is listed on google play ) . likelihoods in exactly this order , imho . 1 note by dan 's post on chat : google play policy now forbids apps from getting your imei to identify you for advertising purposes . all the ad libraries have been updated now to use the google-play-services-provided " advertising id " , so any that still use the imei for this purpose should be reported to google . as it is hard for the user to tell what the app is using the imei for , you should ask the developer to explain first . 2 another developer just pointed me to a subtle difference : while the permission is not needed to read the current call status ( as i have pointed out ) , it might be needed to register a listener in order to be notified on changes of the call status ( see : detecting incoming and outgoing phone calls on android ) . while there seem to be means of handling this automatically when the system calls onPause , that might not always be suitable : think of your alarm clock . you might not want to have that automatically stopped on an incoming call – especially not when your profile is set to ringer volume " muted " . 3 again a correction from dan : you only get the default extra permission if your app 's " target " version is 1.5 . if you target a later version but your min version is 1.5 , you do not get the permission added automatically . updates interesting that there is an open issue ( 21504 ) to divide READ_PHONE_STATE in what is needed to a ) detect incoming calls and related ( telephony ) , and a second permission for the identification details ( imei , imsi , etc ) . opened 11/2011 , still not worked on . star it if interested : ) and yes , there is a way to achieve the same ( detecting incoming calls ) without the READ_PHONE_STATE permission , as e.g. pointed out by arno welzel . as an incoming phone call would trigger the ringer , that event could be used with onAudioFocusChange() , which does not require any special permission : if triggered by that , the app could check the callstate ( again , without any special permission required ) to see whether there is an incoming call .
browsing around forums and sites i found out the following answers to my doubts . i am not completely satisfied but it helped understand more . every device 's power management depends on some suspend/resume policies that are implemented in the firmware controlling that particular device . this is very device dependent : how and when each device turns off ( suspends itself ) and wakes up ( resumes ) depends on the hw specifications , you have to read the datasheets to understand which particular registries must be manipulated to suspend/resume it . you can control this stuff via software in the drivers of the devices , inside of the kernel 's source code , by accessing some funcions in the form &lt;something&gt;_suspend and &lt;something&gt;_resume . e.g. from the source code of the kernel of the emulator " goldfish": in file drivers/video/goldfishfb.c ( the driver responsible for the frame buffer ) so the early_suspend writes a 1 in the register FB_SET_BLANK to turn off the screen , or a 0 to turn it back on . so it seems to me that a process in the application execution environment needs to access and corrupt the devices drivers to manipulate maliciously power management of a device .
power management is determined by governors which set the cpu clock speed according to use . each clock speed operates at a certain voltage and a lower voltage means less power . if you have root access you can change the governor and the allowed cpu clock speeds . also there is sleep state into which the cpu will enter when the screen is off and nothing is working in the background . there are probably battery-charging functions that can not be messed with , but everything else can be changed even the cpu and dsp voltages .
there are a few points to note on this . not all of them will help you on your issue , but at least explain things or point you to helpful information : some devs explain in their apps ' descriptions what they need those permissions for , others do so at least on the corresponding web sites ( e . g . in the faq ) . if they missed that , contact them and ask to have that gap filled . phone id + internet is required by most ad modules . to avoid that , check for payed versions . android apps are not really expensive , and of course devs like to be compensated for their work . the average price of 1 buck should be worth it . no real issue with the accounts stuff . for explanations , please take a look at what can an app do with the “use accounts on the device” permission ? what does permission “manage_accounts” mean ? i agree that a game rarely has a good reason to access your contacts , calendar , call lists , browser history , and bookmarks . my guess in those cases is , that in ~80% the dev simply made a " bad decision " concerning the ad module chosen ( there are some really bordering spyware ) . again , contact the dev and ask . according to a study i read a while ago , about 60% of the devs are not even aware of that issue ; being approached , they were open for alternatives ( unfortunately i do not remember the source currently ) . i also agree concerning phone calls , and even sms . they might be used for in-app purchases , but i do not think this is a good practice . further good sources can be found in our permissions tag-wiki .
the new theme engine , introduced with cyanogenmod 11 and later adopted by other kitkat custom roms , uses a different but simpler structure from past engines . the theme files are all under the assets folder of cm11 theme apks , while it was solely up to the developer as to where to put the theme files in the old theme engine themes . while i have seen that there are some backwards-compatible themes available , they generally specify the target cm versions in the play store app listings . so if play store tells you that your device is incompatible , better heed the warning ; but if you see in the app description / reviews that people using cm &lt ; 11 can install the theme , then maybe you can install the theme manually . tl ; dr try to see if people using cm &lt ; 11 have successfully used the theme . if so , then go ahead !
while there is some conflicting information , the limit at which the market adds the wifi tag appears to be 25mb .
good question . i believe the answer has been recently changing , because while i was initially under the same impression as saintwacko ( thinking the cutoff was 25 mb ) i have been unable to find any google documentation defining such a limit . what i have found is that the maximum apk ( app ) size is 50 mb . developers can also choose to use up to two apk expansion files to be downloaded along with with the app 's apk , each of which can be up to 2 gb . even for these larger expansion files , though , i could find no mention of wi-fi only download restrictions ( unless explicitly required by the developer ) . i remember seeing the wi-fi download flag you mention on some larger apps that i use personally , but today i have gone back to those same apps and do not see that flag . as best i can tell this policy has changed .
hameno is right . although adb will appear to work if the phone is booted normally , it actually will not . you need to boot the phone into clockworkmod , then fire up adb , mount /system yourself ( something like mount -o rw /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system ) , and muck around with the filesystem .
try the app root explorer . it is the best file manager in my opinion and you can easily remount /system and copy files with it .
i do not know if cat is the best option to copy a file . why do not you try the cp command . i can imagine that cat reads the whole file into memory an if it is too big this error happens .
htc phones have an extra protection of the /system folder , rooting them is not enough to get write access there . you need to turn off that protection . this is most easily done with the revolutionary tool . follow the instructions closely on the site .
occasionally the browser will access gps since the browser on my phone has location turned on . so most likely the application ( s ) runs in the background and updates data based on your location . social networking , maps/directions apps and other location-sensing apps could be accessing gps data as they run in the background . try to narrow it down by seeing which apps sync and how often .
download spare parts . when in the app , tap " battery history " , then in the first dropdown select " gps usage " . in the second dropdown select whichever you want to see ( "since last unplugged " , " total since boot " , or " total in all time" ) and you should see which apps have accessed the gps .
try the ' testing ' mode . i am lead to believe it is a standard part of android , so should work on your evo - it works on my htc desire hd . dial the following number : *#*#4636#*#* ( or *#*#INFO#*#* ) then , to see gps stats , tap battery history , other usage and then gps usage . if i am reading this right , this then displays a list of all the apps that have caused the gps to consume battery power , which i think is almost what you are looking for .
the hub 's power should only go to the hub 's slave ports , not through the master port back to the phone but even if the hub uses an odd design , the most it would do is feed the phone 5v and however much amperage it will accept , same as with any bog standard wall charger . so in short , there is no risk to your phone .
android itself does not provide such a tool , but you can use firewalls that require root , if your device is not rooted , so no problem , there are some applications that use some trick that can prevent apps from being connected to internet , such as noroot firewall . the trick of noroot firewall is that it opens a fake vpn connection for making the phone to send all the packets to the application then you can define for the application which one to allow and which one to deny . so it does not require root access . if your device is rooted you can use droid wall and it will do what you want . you can download it from google play store . note:i am using noroot firewall on my xperia s and xperia z1 for a long time , even my xperia s is rooted but i still use this application for blocking apps from being accessed to internet .
on my phone ( ics ) the apps seem to use less than 100% in total . these must be rounding errors : if you had three apps each using a third of the total , that would be 33.3 . . % for each one . android would round this to 33% , so the total would be 3*33%=99% .
this should get you started . please , carefully check your versions to make sure the files you use are intended for your phone .
try updating the driver in device manager .
when you initially set up two-factor authentication you should have been given a set of 10 single-use passwords and told to store them somewhere safely for use if the authenticator on your phone was unavailable . alternatively if you do not want to use one of them , log into your google account before the reset and turn on sms message authentication for two-factor . you can then use one of those methods to log back into your google account the first time after you reset your phone . once you are into your google account go through the normal method to reset up the google authenticator for 2-factor and when you get to the point that it shows you the qr code that you can scan from your phone to set up your account , print out or save the picture of that qr code ( obviously make sure you store this securely ) . if you ever reset your phone again , or want to set up the authenticator app on another device , you can just re-scan that same qr code again , it seems to work every time , years apart .
same here , i have used titanium backup to transfer my authenticator settings across 3 devices for multiple accounts and it has worked flawlessly . i only backed up the app 's data though - usually install the authenticator app from the play store then restore the data using tibu . so you could possibly explore the app 's data path and backup those files .
i use titanium backup a lot for when i switch roms ( which is almost every week at the moment ) , and it works flawlessly with restoring the google authenticator . never really looked into any other options though .
auto mount your sd card should do that for you : automatically mount your sd card . quit manually mounting your sd card every time you plug your phone into your computer . i used that one one of my phones when i still connected it frequently via usb , and it did its job wonderfully . the app is available for free on the playstore , so nothing to lose : )
yes ! you should be able to clear the stock app from being the default calendar app by following these steps : go to the phone settings select apps scroll to the right two screen , to the ' all ' section scroll down until you can find calendar , click on it scroll down the page and click the ' clear defaults ' button next time anything wants to use the calendar , you will be able to select which program you wish to use .
go into Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; All -&gt; Messages . clear the cache and the data for the app the restart the device . i was having the same issue with messages to my wife and it cleared it up . hope this helps !
settings-> security-> lock screen options-> shortcuts .
it can be done in ics . go to security under settings . go into screen security go into shortcut settings . . . voila !
on the stock verizon htc thunderbolt that just got the ics update , you can access this capability by : choosing the personalize " paint palette " icon on the bottom of the home screen choosing display from the bottom toolbar selecting Lock Screen shortcuts .
install widgetlocker locksscreen . using it , you can put high no . of apps on lockscreen .
if the answer to my comment is no , then update kies , and try again . if the answer to my comment is yes , then try the following : place your phone manually into download mode , and attempt the update again . kill all kies processes using the task manager , and then open the program again . ensure your usb cable and usb port are working properly ( sometimes a weak connection can cause issues ) erase all the data on your android ( do a factory reset ) and try again ( i put this last , as you lose all your data , so should only be tried after you have tried everything else you can think of ) .
droidstats does this for calls , sms , and data : you can place widgets on your homescreen 1 or , with the pro version , even inside your notification area 2 . limits can of course be configured . it even shows data usage on a per-app basis . statistics can show your most-called ( and most-called-from ) contacts , and more . as for data , 3g watchdog even can go a step further and , provided you have apndroid installed , disable 3g data when a configured threshold is reached .
some networks allow you to check how much you have used such as o2 . if you have ics or jelly bean there is a data usage listing in settings . alternatively try apps like these http://www.theandroidsoul.com/best-android-data-usage-apps-for-monitoring-3g2gwi-fi-usage/
i do not see a way to do it on my droid . i am going to say that it is not possible with the stock calendar .
the spec is simply listed ( on htc 's website ) as such : memory rom : 512 mb ram : 384 mb expansion slot 8 gb microsd™ memory card ( supports up to 32 gb ) the above link is for the us cellular variant , but the c spire version has the same memory specs ( the only real difference between variants is supported bands , afaik ) . gsm arena also reports " microsd up to 32gb " . generally speaking , android devices support any sd card that properly complies with the sd spec . there are no " special " cards for devices - any will do .
yes , there is a beta of the flash player available for download on android 2.2 . here are the details : http://www.intomobile.com/2010/05/20/android-2-2-flash-player-10-1-beta-available-for-download/
android 2.0 does not support adobe flash . adobe flash is only supported on android 2.2 , a.k. a " froyo " . however , check out this app : skyfire 2.0 for android . it is a browser , which is , by magic , able to play some embedded flash videos : supports flash web video with patent-pending adaptive streaming technology for smooth playback pinch to zoom ( on android 2.0 and above ) multi-tab browsing - open up to eight windows and browse simultaneously using visual tabs choose to load full desktop webpages or mobile optimized versions clear session history easily upon exit to maintain anonymous browsing disclaimer : i have no first hand experience with this app ( i already have android 2.2 on my nexus one ! ) . use at your own risk .
i have seen a few " flash lite " binaries floating around the net for android 2.0 . it is not flash , it is only a partial version with fewer features . unfortunately the only binary link i have is an update for the pandigital novel ; the update is probably specifically for that model , but the binary inside may work on other devices . ( if you want it , comment and i will update my answer . it is hosted on mediafire , not adobe 's website which means i am not sure how much i trust it . )
here is how one teacher is using coach 's eye for android to create whiteboard style videos . hope it helps ! http://educationambassador.com/resources/entry/coachs-eye-app-is-elusive-android-flipping-whiteboard
it is most likely an app that you installed unknowingly or under false assumptions . to find out which app it is will be the harder part . first you can look through your list of installed apps , to see if there is anything there you do not recognize . next if you installed all your apps yourself ( or they came preloaded ) start looking at apps which require network permissions ( as to serve ads i am assuming the app would need to have access to the internet ) , if any of these apps look at all malicious un-install them . once you have found the offending app you can just reinstall the ones you took of by mistake . it also may be worth it to uninstall and reinstall the chrome browser just as a precaution .
you can use any ssh client to establish a connection to your host and tail the desired file . this will not help you saving the battery , since the tail command or any other that collects " off-site " information , needs an active connection that uses network , that in turn consumes more battery . personally i use connectbot by kenny root and jeffrey sharkey available from google play store for free . connectbot is a powerful open-source secure shell ( ssh ) client . it can manage simultaneous ssh sessions , create secure tunnels , and copy/paste between other applications . this client allows you to connect to secure shell servers that typically run on unix-based servers .
i do not think there is a way android will work on itunes natively . i would suggest look at media players that sync with the itunes program itself i have not tried this but http://www.winamp.com has this feature for a while and is free . its also mac http://www.winamp.com/mac os x 10.6 and above http://blog.winamp.com/2010/11/30/sync-your-itunes-library-to-android-with-winamp/ the media you talked about that is streaming will hopefully be synced into winamp through playlists , however if this does not work that is a whole other question and may be different from stream to stream . http://www.clementine-player.org/ is a good free opensource alternative for windows etc that syncs with android players quitewell and has many streaming features built in . if your itunes is stuck on a powerpc you might not have a choice but to backup your itunes library and restore it to another computer . so on your itunes on your old powerpc backup the library to some removable media to restore on your windows itunes http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1382?viewlocale=en_us there are also other methods here http://support.apple.com/kb/ht4527 it all depends on your setup and needs .
doubletwist lets you sync your phone 's music library with your music on your computer from itunes ( and windows media player as well , i believe ) either by plugging it into your computer 's usb port , or by syncing wirelessly over-the-air ( though the wireless feature costs a little bit ) . you can find it at http://www.doubletwist.com/ and in the android market at https://market.android.com/details?id=com.doubletwist.androidplayer . another option is to sync your collection wirelessly using google music , though you can only stream your music using it , or download it and play it only using the music app ( cannot be played by other media players on your phone ) . google music is free ( for up to something like 20,000 songs ) and it backs up all your music that you have on your computer ( or that you purchase from the android market ) both to your phone and your computer .
in mounts and storage , mount /system .
the line down the middle points to this being a problem with the screen 's backlight . the backlight illuminates the screen from behind : the screen itself is essentially a coloured filter , which you would not be able to see without a light source . from the excessive brightness i would say it is possible the backlight has been receiving too much voltage from the rest of the system . this could have been caused by a problem in the drivers for the screen . in normal use , they control the voltage to the backlight in order to make the screen brighter or dimmer , but it could be that in this case a bug made them supply too much voltage . the backlight is actually in two halves , which can be independently controlled ( but usually are not ) : the line down the middle appears if they are not quite receiving the same voltage . if the problem went away on its own , there is probably nothing to worry about , but there is a small risk that the extra voltage may have permanently damaged the backlight . normally i would expect a voltage regulator to turn it off completely before getting to dangerous levels , but only the manufacturer would know for sure . as it is still in warranty , you should check with them . ( they may also be interested to investigate this to avoid the problem happening again to anyone else . ) you say there is still a little whiteness around the edge of the screen when it is on but entirely black : this is normal for backlit lcd screens . it happens because the blackest black the screen can display does not quite manage to filter out all the light . the filtering is worst around the edge of the screen because that is where the light comes through at an angle ( and on some displays because the light leaks around the outside of the screen ) . you probably just did not notice it before because you were not looking for it .
the best solution i have found is to join contacts : select the duplicate contact edit the contact access the menu for the edit contact page , and select the join action . you can then select the contact you want to merge with .
when you circle someone in google+ , it also adds them in the " other contacts " in google contacts . simply de-select " other contacts " in the contacts app to remove these contacts from your view .
try lsusb ( lsusb lowercase ) in ubuntu , if you see your phone id ( 04e8 ) in the list , you have to add to the /etc/udev/rules . d/53-android . rules the following line : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="04e8", MODE="0666" 
is some kind of mtpfs installed on ubuntu ? if not , it will not recognize your phone 's storage . you will also need the udev rule @lenik talked about ( see this tutorial ) . however , if as @lenik mentioned your phone is not seen by lsusb it is most likely some kind of hardware problem with the phone itself .
if you have installed the kernel mod for " fast usb charging " it will not be able to connect as long as that feature is enabled . you do not mention being rooted , but that is a side effect of the fast charging .
make sure you have usb debugging enabled in settings > applications > development . also you might want to try wireless adb - i use it all the time for debugging and find it so much easier than using cables . roms like cyanogen support ADB over network out-of-th-box . for stock roms there are apps like wifi adb .
it turned out it was a faulty usb port on the phone . i have since purchased a new phone and everything works as expected on the new one .
in facebook , you can change the notification sound from facebook > menu > settings > notification ringtone . i assume it would be the same for messenger , never used it though
astro file manager ( free , ad supported ) will do what you want . once installed , add a shortcut to astro to your homescreen and it should let you browse to your pdf ( or any other file , for that matter ) . the shortcut on the homescreen will then take you directly to the file you chose in the file browser .
the phones does not support an operating system , it is the os that support the phone . you can run any os on a smartphone as long as someone ports the os to that phone
rim only make blackberry os for their own specially-designed hardware , they do not release their os to be installed on other people 's hardware . however the new blackberry playbook ( running their brand new qnx os ) can run android apps as well as blackberry apps , i do not think there are any phones running their new os yet , but they will be coming soon . so that could do some of what you want to do with dual booting ? phones designed for symbian often have much lower hardware specs than ones designed for android , so you are going to struggle to get android running on them . see this previous question is it possible to get android on a nokia e65 ? phones designed for windows mobile and windows phone 7 , however are a different matter . they do ( mostly ) have high enough specs , and a lot of the time are almost identical hardware-wise to android phones from the same manufacturer . in these cases all that is needed is for someone to spend some time gathering ( or writing ) android hardware drivers for the specific hardware in the phone , and then porting an android build onto them . there are a few websites that co-ordinate projects to get android running on these phones , xda devs being one of the biggest . see this previous question which does overlap with this one by quite a bit can i install android on my non-android device ?
in practical terms , there are no android phones that support other popular operating systems , because the other oss are closed source . a possible exception is , for example , the htc hd2 ; it is almost identical to the htc desire z , and android can be run on it , so it is entirely possible that ripping the winphone7 os and flashing it on a desire z would work . as gathrawn notes , the reverse ( getting android onto other phones ) has been done ; check out can i install android on my non-android device ? for that .
as mentioned in comments , i also have a nexus 4 ( 4.2.2 ) and it daydreams ok when charging ( usb to wall charger ) when set to sleep after 15 seconds . " daydreaming " is triggered when the device goes to sleep ( or when sleep mode would normally be triggered ) . it would seem that if the " stay awake " option is checked in " developer options " then sleep mode is never triggered and the device never daydreams . so , the solution is to uncheck the " stay awake " option . " daydream " is like a conditional stay-awake option . the screen does not switch off and for this reason a device can only be set to daydream when it is connected to a power source .
daydream does not trigger if phone is switched off by button .
if the issue is truly with messages showing as unread , you can try out this app . i had an issue last year where there was one message somewhere that was showing as unread , but i could not find it at all . it is slow to run , but it eventually marks them all as read ( or in my case just the one ) .
by using hotspot shield you can bypass proxy installed on any network
for those who are looking for an answer to this question : you can enable adb from a zip file that you install through recovery . i modified superuser . zip from http://download.chainfire.eu/351/supersu/update-supersu-v1.65.zip what i did was i modified system/build.prop and added persist.service.adb.enable=1 at the bottom , i also added ro.setupwizard.mode=DISABLED to disable the setup wizard which gets annoying if you wipe or flash often . then i added a precompiled sqlite3 ( do not have a link , i got it from my company 's repo ) to system/bin and the line sqlite3 /data/data/com.android.providers.settings/databases/settings.db "UPDATE global SET value=1 WHERE name='adb_enabled'" to system/etc/install-recovery.sh ( although some people say modifying settings.db is optional . ) unfortunately it seems adb still requires you to accept the rsa certificate until you unpack boot . img and modify /default . prop
download root checker and see if phone is still rooted . if it is not rooted anymore , re-root your phone .
as far as just showing bpm , poweramp does that quite nicely while the song is actually playing and in the info section . sorting is a different story ( though lots of other great sort options ) . and of course this is a paid app . now that you have mentioned it though , i might email the dev about it . neutron mp is also an interesting program that shows everything from bpm to sampling rate to crossfade sliders to a bunch of other advanced dj controls that you will probably never touch . it is slow as molasses though and while it is uber advanced , it is not particularly user-friendly . also i could find no sortation options at all . i tried ( unsuccessfully ) to find bpm info in the following music apps : 3 , winamp , boomboxoid , meridian , zimly , and mixzing . i also tried the tagging programs itag and pimp my music with no luck .
i can not say with perfect certainty , but i have not seen anything like this in any of the major music player apps , which all struggle each in their own way to provide any extra-functionality . however , winamp for android was just released and is supposed to be fairly feature rich . check there , maybe .
you could try droid dj . it says its got a beat countneed i do not think it'll sort by bpm but it may be worth a try if you do not find exactly what you need .
it might be a call from google+ . see if the google+ app is installed . if it is , then disable/uninstall it .
that happened to my samsung wi-fi " not smartphone , just touch " . i live in jordan , and i received a call twice from an unknown number . it rang with no sound on the microphone and no sim card . it is really weird , but i think the most common factor is the samsung phone . it might be kind of an emergency call , or the company puts kind of tracking system to see if these devices are still in service .
i achieve on this using tasker . for the apps in the sd card i created a profile with the context events -> hardware -> card mounted and it loads all apps i want . for the apps in the phone i created a profile with the context events -> system -> device boot and it loads all apps i want . note : the first thing you must do before anything in both of this contexts is wait a few seconds . in the " card mounted " event is to let android load all the apps installed in the memory ( i am guessing ) and in the " device boot " is because after booting android is too busy doing important stuff ( i am quoting tasker guys ) .
selected excerpts from the official android 4 platform highlights document : the biggest changes will be for phones upgrading from gingerbread to ice cream sandwich , rather than for tablets upgrading from honeycomb , as a lot of the new ui features were introduced in honeycomb . the ui change is a big difference and brings honeycomb 's recent apps button for easier access to multi-tasking to the main-line android platform along with the system bar that it sits on . the standard lock screen now has quick access to the camera and notifications , and there will be album art and controls for music playing in the music app on the lockscreen . when an incoming call arrives , users can now quickly respond by text message , without needing to pick up the call or unlock the device . improved text input and spell-checking on the standard android 4 keyboard android 4.0 introduces a powerful new voice input engine that offers a continuous " open microphone " experience and streaming voice recognition . to meet the needs of users with tiered or metered data plans , android 4.0 adds new controls for managing network data usage . enhanc [ ing ] the accessibility of android 4.0 for blind or visually impaired users . most important is a new explore-by-touch mode that lets users navigate without having to see the screen . a new people app that offers richer profile information , including a large profile picture , phone numbers , addresses and accounts , status updates , events , stream items , and a new button for connecting on integrated social networks . the user 's own contact information is stored in a new " me " profile , allowing easier sharing with apps and people . an updated calendar app brings together personal , work , school , and social agendas . a new visual voicemail features integrates incoming messages , voice transcriptions , and audio files from one or more providers . the camera app includes many new features . . . continuous focus , zero shutter lag exposure . . . stabilized image zoom . . . users can now take snapshots at full video resolution just by tapping the screen as video continues to record . . . built-in face detection locates faces in the frame and automatically sets focus . . . single-motion panorama mode . . . redesigned gallery app with photo editor live effects for transforming video instantly sync and manage google chrome bookmarks from all . . . accounts android beam for nfc-based sharing [ requires nfc hardware integrated into the device ] face unlock wi-fi direct lets users connect directly to nearby peer devices over wi-fi built-in support for connecting to bluetooth health device profile ( hdp ) devices . . . users can connect to wireless medical devices and sensors in hospitals , fitness centers , homes , and elsewhere also your manufacturer , asus , may have added or updated their own specific software , and some of the new features may only be available if your manufacturer has not customized/replaced the original android app .
are you sure that that is not the way it should be ? today i recived a 4.0.4 system update for my nexus s . try updating yours from 4.0.3 to 4.0.4 . edit : that is the way its ment to be . me and many people i know have it like that . where did you get the first image of the dock bar from ?
the advanced audio distribution profile ( a2dp ) is a source/sink configuration . in an normal scenario , you have a source ( for example , and android phone ) and a sink ( bluetooth headset/speakers ) . but in your case , the android phone would have to act as a sink to the dumbphone source . this is not currently supported , even though the phone supports the a2dp profile . one solution would be to install a custom bluetooth stack , which defines which profiles are supported on the device . this would additionally require a software component that can bypass the android framework and use the stack directly , since the framework lacks a2dp sink support . so far , no such modifications can be found .
i am happy with smart keyboard .
i went for swiftkey . still waiting for czech language dictionary though :- )
you can install htc_ime modified http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=624416 and make a gesture for cycling between en / cz .
you can use their official update software , it has been called " pc companion " the last time i used it : boot your phone to flashmode ( see also how do i turn on flashmode in sony ericsson ray ? ) update/restore it with pc companion this is mostly for modding , so it will not be that useful to you : you can also flash a . ftf file of your choice ( official or a custom mod ) with flashtool , note however that you need to unlock the bootloader before your phone will boot a mod with an unoriginal kernel . i have however no idea where to find an original firmware image for your xperia play/r800i , you might need to google for that yourself .
you can move any apps to sdcard if you are rooted . there are apps on the market for it move2sd enabler and app swap better yet , if you are using custom roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) , some of them have settings to allow you to migrate any apps . you might want to check those out first if you are using custom rom . if you want to do it manually ( not recommended for pregnant man , or those currently having a heart attack ) , then you can use terminal emulator or adb to run a few fairly standard set of linux/unix commands . the mount command can rebind any folder in your filesystem another location in the filesystem . alternatively , you may also create symbolic links using the ln command . see the mount and ln manual for this .
android os versions 2.2 and above have built-in functionality for moving apps to sd card . go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; SD Card , then tap on any available app without a checkmark , and the button Move to SD card should be enabled . this will move a major portion of the app to the sd card and free up space for more apps . if you are rooted and running a custom rom that supports ext2/3/4 partition types , there are special scripts available that can " fool " your phone into thinking that a portion of your sd card is actually part of the internal memory , thus allowing you to install tons of apps without most of the disadvantages of built-in method . be advised that this method is fairly complicated to install , and requires re-partitioning of the sd card , flashing a hacky script , and can cause instability of the phone .
upgrade to android 4.2 that fixed the problem to me and the original poster . i was getting an average of approximately 100 disconnections per day , in about three weeks . since upgrade a few days ago , there were only 7 disconnections , even with google 's location service enabled . i think the firmware update 15.0 . a . 1.31 ( based on android 4.1.2 ) introduced the problem , but anyway we confirm that it is fixed in 15.3 . a . 0.26 ( the upgrade to android 4.2.2 ) . original answer yes , i am having the same problem on my xperia l . there are other reports on the web and one of them mentioned a solution that mostly fixed the wi-fi instability in my case : settings > location services > google 's location service > disable . i was experiencing annoying disconnections about every minute , even with my gps turned off . thus i am not sure if gps satellites on that same screen would trigger the problem as well , but you may want to disable the former or both of them . disabling google 's location service mostly fixed it because there are still moments where connection gets dropped . they are hard to track down but going to wi-fi settings seems to drop connection quite often . as for the cause of the problem , what is your build number ? mine is 15.0 . a . 1.31 , and i am using android 4.1.2 as well , both of which are the latest updates available for me . i have applied this build update a few weeks ago , and i have noticed a few days ago that google 's location service was for some reason disabled , and then i enabled it . so it could be that this new build update has introduced the problem . i wonder if usage time could be related as well , in which case a factory reset could maybe help ( but i think i saw someone saying it did not ) . i would not be surprised if the wi-fi component is just raising some NullPointerException on certain situations ( location service in use , wi-fi settings , etc . ) and then recovering from it , causing the connection to be restarted . anyway , i read these days about a new build update available for xperia l , but i think it is not available here in brazil yet . i have also reported the problem on sony mobile 's forum .
the best way is to wait for that ! as your phone is not rooted you cannot upgrade your os yourself . you can root the phone by googling it ! you can wait ! you can search for roms for your nexus on xda-developers forum . best thing about the xda forums is that you will find method to root your device on the same page on which you will get the rom for your cell phone !
i think the easiest way is to use gnex toolkit : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1392310
it is because apple has to look only over its iphone models , which are less in number . also ios is more efficient ( runs well on old hardware ) . and google also had claimed that kitkat will support low-on hardware devices well , and it does . but the problem with galaxy nexus is that texas instruments , its soc manufacturer has discontinued socs and probably even supporting them , so google had to discontinue software support for it , because the soc manufacturer has an important role in an android upgrade . it approves the software and also provides some essential drivers , and that was not obtained in the case of galaxy nexus , so it did not get an official update from google . if you are interested in running android 4.4 on your gnexus you can look to custom roms like cyanogenmod , omnirom , paranoid android etc . this will require you to unlock bootloader and root your phone .
what you need to connect a galaxy s4 to a tv is an mhl-to-hdmi adapter , like this one that i use . you connect the micro-usb bit to the phone , the big usb end to a charger ( the adapter needs power . this will also allow your phone to charge while you are using it like this ) , and the hdmi to the tv . audio will come out of the tv , or whatever it sends the audio to normally . if you select a different mhl adapter and it is not specifically advertised as being for a galaxy s3 or s4 , you will need an 11-to-5 pin adapter , like this one , to use it with your phone , as samsung uses a different connector for mhl than most other devices do .
you can connect your android device to your plasma television with an hdmi cable . ( though i would not suggest buying it from ebay . ) 1 sound should come from your television , i will bet . make sure the android hdmi adapter is compatible with your device first .
as it turns out , my sd card was failing . i have since replaced it and all pictures are fine thus far .
we will there is no fix for this . i have had my n7 for one month and it is doing the same thing described--if it is not plugged in it will not start up . so here is what i have experienced relative to this problem . first the n7 i just pulled out of the box did the same thing . so i brought it back to the store to exchange it and to be safe i tried the next three at the store and they all had the same problem . the fourth one worked for a month . now that it will not start up i called google they would help only if i bought it through the playstore . they passed me to asus who gave me only one option - return to have it repaired not replaced . i am very disappointed in google . they know they have a problem but do not want to say so in the public . very sad
agreed , i think mobilesheets or the fakebook ( my favourite ) is the way to go . quick browsing in music and ( almost ) no delay when swiping between pages . some of the other features between these two varies , so ymmv . fakebook is at http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.skrivarna.fakebook.android hope this helps !
i think that mobilesheets http://www.zubersoft.com/mobilesheets/about.html might be useful ?
i have been using mobilesheets recently and have used it with big band charts that i scanned in as pdf files . the nice feature i found was the ability to set links ( up to 10 per song ) back to a d . s , sign and then from the " to coda " sign jump there using a airturn 105 pedal . worked great in a performance where i had the set list set up and could just keep hitting the pedal to go to the next song or section of a song without trying to flip multiple pages in the charts . i was using my asus tablet a tf101 which is a little smaller than my freehand music pad which i have used for a few years . the freehand its reaching the end soon and i have been looking for a replacement and the mobilesheets supports pdf , and image files much better so i am thinking the android will be a good change . i am looking for the right size screen the asus p1801-t ( has battery 5 hours ) is a possibility or the viewsonic vsd221 ( no battery ) . either of those could display ( 2 ) pages i think .
the explanation is simple , as i have suspected , there is a verification mis-match in the build.prop , see below , the ro.build.fingerprint contains this google/soju/crespo:2.3.4/grj22/121341:user/release-keys but the update performed a verification check on the fingerprint which resulted in mis-match and there-by producing Error code 7 . notice the last few lines of the recovery.log , i.e. the update was expecting the handset to have this version of gingerbread - google/soju/crespo:2.3.6/grk39f/189904:user/release-keys or expecting ice cream sandwich google/soju/crespo:4.0.3/iml74k/239410:user/release-keys this is meaning , that the version of gingerbread on your handset is too old for the update to work . ( its gingerbread 2.3.4 that is on it ! ) am not 100% sure how this recovery is showing the fingerprint as gb 2.3.4 if the op states in the comments that the handset is running ics 4.0.1 so to resolve the issue , you need to flash to gingerbread v 2.3.6 ice cream sandwich v . 4.0.3 first , then apply the update and it should work then . edit it transpires the op is running ics v . 4.0.1 , the update script was performing a check for either 2.3.6 or 4.0.3 which is something that i have missed inadvertently .
is this an external sd card ? if so , you can simply remove it from the sd card slot , and use either an sd card reader on the laptop , which may be built in , or you can get a cheap adapter that takes an sd card , and acts like a usb drive . i have seen them on amazon for as little as $2.25 including shipping , or nicer ones for $5 - $10 . search for " sd card reader " to see . then , you can use gparted to partition it . just make sure to use the correct filesystem ( s ) .
you probably need to use some sort of 3rd party program like tasker , locale or automateit . these programs allow you to set triggers such as : starting an app screen on/off connected to wi-fi location etc . . . and perform actions based on that , such as : toggle data toggle gps run an app etc . . .
short answer : as per the documentation , yes . long answer : your sony ericsson xperia x10 , uses the qualcomm atheros msm8255 product brief pdf for msm8255 snapdragon cpu processor , which in turn uses wlan 802.11b/g/n . as per the madwifi project page : the madwifi project is … . . . a team of volunteer developers working on linux kernel drivers for wireless lan devices with atheros chipsets . we currently provide three drivers , madwifi , ath5k and ath9k . . . . ath9k supports all currently available 802.11n chipsets from atheros . . . so , as far as we can read from their documentation , they provide support for all 802.11n chipsets , one of those included with the qualcomm atheros snapdragon wifi chipset . ps : this is purely based on the specifications , i can not guarantee with 100% certainty since i have not tested this support .
it just works , no need to wipe . you do not need to wipe , according to a blog post on cyanogenmod 's google plus channel : upgrading from cm10 to cm10.1 as you may have noticed , we started updating some devices from cm10 ( android 4.1 ) to 10.1 ( android 4.2 ) during the weekend . the upgrade process has been tested extensively for the older devices ( manta and mako did not have that problem since they started out with 10.1 ) , so you should be able to update directly without losing any data . the single application known not to work is the clock : our changes to 4.1 's clock to add the stopwatch and timer in cm10 are not compatible with google 's own implementation of those features in 4.2 ( which we are using in cm10.1 ) ; if your clock starts crashing after upgrading to 10.1 , simply go into the settings -> apps menu , choose clock from the all tab , and hit " clear data " .
i am using version 4.0.3 on a samsung galaxy s2 . to mount the internal storage and any installed sd card via the usb do the following : unplug usb cable . goto settings -> more . . . -> usb utilities -> connect storage to pc and follow the instructions .
you could start with this method . it is basically just two steps : if you used unrevoked forever on your phone , then flash their s-on tool . flash a stock pc36img . zip from hboot . there is also the ruu method , though i think you had still need to run the s-on tool if you used unrevoked forever ( i do not believe the ruu will re-enable s-on ) . either one of these should get you back to a stock unrooted system .
the 3g g900h and the sm-g900h are the same , but sm-g900h is the proper name for it . now that we know those two devices are the same , we can compare the sm-g900h with the g900f- sm-g900h only supports 3g hspa+ networks , no lte support , and will work nearly everywhere in the world except some markets in north/south america uses an exynos 5 octa 5422 processor ( split into a quad-core 1.9 ghz cortex-a15 , and a quad-core 1.3 ghz cortex-a7 ) does not have a good development community for custom recoveries/roms sm-g900f european model supports lte networks ( bands 1,3,5,7,8,20 ) uses a snapdragon 801 ( quad core 2.5 ghz ) has a fairly good development community ( custom recoveries/roms/etc ) benchmark misc sm-g900h has a 133 mhz higher stock ram speed than the sm-g900f , supports hardware assisted virtualization , and is generally more power efficient .
this is a feature of the particular app that you are using . if you are referring to the sms messaging app , there are various sms apps replacements available on google play , you can customize the smiley on some sms replacement apps or disable them entirely .
i have been using the free sshelper ( without rooting ) since it recently added zeroconf broadcasting . it provides an ssh and rsync ( file transfer ) server , while also broadcasting a zeroconf name . another avahi/bonjour client can connect without needing to know the android hostname . explained in more detail in this other answer : set hostname for sshelper
i only could reset the phone . . cannot remove the encryption .
google tv is an old set-top box ( stb ) product line , conceived as a competitor with apple tv , using intel-based hardware and initially without access to google play . after a rushed launch and a series of bad product reviews , google tv had been pretty much abandoned as a product line , and is now replaced by android tv . in addition , other manufacturers have brought out some android-based stbs which are just normal android devices in a different form factor . these support normal android apps but have often been a bit awkward to use because each manufacturer has their own big-screen user interface , and because many apps do not work well without a touch screen . android tv is basically a new version of android for stbs and smart tvs . it adds features to android to provide more commonality between different tv products , and to make it easier for app authors to support this form factor . like the earlier android stbs , it is a stand-alone device ( it could be the only android device you own ) providing a full android experience controlled directly through the tv interface ( e . g . with a d-pad on a remote ) . you can use it to read and write email on the tv screen , to play games , to watch videos from youtube , and c . in contrast , chromecast is an entirely passive device . chromecast is just a cable for plugging your android device ( or another computer with google chrome ) into your tv 's display , but as it is a wireless device there is no physical cable . even so , it is only useful for using your tv as the display for another device . you can not control it with your tv , only with the device that is connected to the chromecast . with chromecast , anything you can do on your phone is visible on the tv screen , so you can use it to watch videos from youtube or to see a game on the big screen ( useful in combination with a wireless game controller ) , but there is no tv-based user interface .
have you considered running android directly from the sd card ? it runs great ( just do not go cheap on the sd card ) , is surprisingly easy to set up ( the hardest part for me was being patient for the nook to finish its initial charging ) , and if you have any problems or change your mind , you just pop out the card and it is a bog-standard nook again .
it is possible to set up dual boot for the nook color . booting normally will boot into say cyanogen , pressing volume down during boot will boot into the nook stock rom . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1275859
it sounds to me like you want to keep a rooted version of the nook os ( which will have to be rebooted to run non-bn apps ) ( quoted from the cyanogenmod wiki ) prior to rooting the barnes and noble nook color , it is recommend you register it with the barnes and noble . setting up unooter in order to properly flash an unooter image to a sd card , you will need to use an usb card adapter or have an internal sd card slot on the computer . writing the unooter image to the sd card will wipe it , backup anything of value and/or importance elsewhere . download the unooter image : unooter : http://cmw.22aaf3.com/encore/root/unooter.zip md5: 4e1e7be9939aaef43d3a1d04cb17b2cd unzip the unooter zipfile . write the unooter image to the sd card : windows due to windows not having the ability to write images to drives , you will need win32diskimager to accomplish this . latest version should be fine . http://launchpad.net/win32-image-writer/+download insert the sd card you are going to use to write the unooter image to . open win32diskimager . select the downloaded and extracted unooter image with the folder button . select the drive letter for the sd card . write the unooter image . linux insert the sd card you are going to use to write the unooter image to . on the computer , open up terminal and navigate the directory where the extracted unooter image is located . once in the same directory as the unooter image , type the following commands : umount /dev/ note : is the device file associated with the sd card , e.g. , sdc or mmcblk0 , and not the mount point , e.g. , sdc1 or mmcblk0p1 . dd if=unooter . img of=/dev/ bs=1m mac os x insert the sd card you are going to use to write the unooter image to . on the computer , open up terminal and navigate the directory where the extracted unooter image is located . once in the same directory as the unooter image , type the following commands : diskutil list note : this will help you identify the sd card . make sure it is the sd card and not one of the hard drives of the computer . diskutil unmountdisk /dev/ note : is the device file associated with the sd card , e.g. disk2 . dd if=unooter . img of=/dev/ bs=1m the unooter image is now setup on the sd card . continue to the next section . gaining root access power off the barnes and noble nook color . also if the device is connected to a computer , disconnect it . insert the newly setup unooter sd card into the barnes and noble nook color . connect the barnes and noble nook color to the computer . this will trigger the barnes and noble nook color to power on ( the screen will remain off ) and allow unooter to root the device . this screen is black for up to ten minutes . the computer will see a new usb device . windows : the computer may complain about missing drivers . simply cancel through them at this time . linux : the barnes and noble nook color will show up the computer as a rndis ethernet device . you may ignore this . mac os x : the barnes and noble nook color will show up as an additional ethernet device . just cancel when you see the dialog box pop up . once this occurs , disconnect the barnes and noble nook color from the computer . the barnes and noble nook color may restart itself . if it restarts normal , continue to the next step . if it does not , power it off , remove the sd card and power it back on normal . at this point the barnes and noble nook color is rooted . two notes from my experience : use a small sd card , as you will not be able to reuse it . i recommend going to the cyanogenmod wiki , setting up clockwordmod , and installing google apps , as this will not activate adb . sorry , not enough reputation to post the link .
unfortunately , i would say you probably have a hardware issue here . i have had two phones do similar things , one did not connect at all , the other would connect only for a moment before basically shutting the gps down . both of these ended up being hardware issues resulting in me returning the devices . my best advice would be to try multiple apps to test gps signal , ( i use gps status or tricorder ) , and if you get no gps reception from any of them , contact your manufacturer , or the people you purchased it from . usually resellers will refund or replace products that malfunction without provocation . if you do get signal with any of them or you get partial gps signal sometimes , i would still contact your reseller or manufacturer with the issues , while continuing to test it in different places alongside other ( android 4.0 , if possible ) devices .
you can download razr_blade_linux . zip from http://batakang.com/ftp/?dir=droid_razr but i do not know whether its trustable site or not
you have done great so far . now , write junk files again and encrypt the device over adb shell : /system/bin/vdc cryptfs enablecrypto inplace PASSWORD ( your device may need to be rooted for this ) now , feel free to wipe .
as i just wrote on the same question for another device 5 min ago : this is a quite frequent question , so you will find a lot of ansers in the related links section , and now some in the linked section of this page as well . i could not verify my search results , but basically there should be different approaches available for this device : using a dialer code though this option will not be available to you currently , since you cannot unlock your device , i will include this option for completeness : open your telephone app ( dialer ) dial *2767*3855# follow the instructions this is not a real phone call , but rather a " magic number " ( shortcut to system functions ) . via the system menu also currently unavailable to you : in menu mode select settings &rarr ; privacy &rarr ; factory data reset &rarr ; reset tablet using hardware keys only this probably is the only option left to you : turn your tab off press and hold the volume up button , and then briefly press the power button . use power up to move the cursor to the left , and power button to select . use the power up / power down buttons as cursors to move to the factory reset use the power up / power down buttons to scroll to " confirm " . last word : be aware that with a factory-reset all your manually installed apps and all your data on internal/phone memory are lost , so backup what you need before ! i guess you knew that , but just in case ; )
if you were able to unlock the device , you would go to Settings ~> Privacy ~> Factory Data Reset and follow instructions . done ! since you do not have access to os , press and hold " volume down + power " for 10 seconds . screen will appear with standard droid recovery icon . select it with volume down key and press volume up to enter . now , you are in recovery mode from where you can factory reset your device . depending on your device sub-model , if its not working , try " volume up + home + power " for 10 seconds . when something is displayed on screen , release power button while holding other ones . if this one is also not working , turn on device with power button and just after first display , press and hold " volume up + volume down " for 10 seconds .
you would need to configure the account information in settings -> accounts and sync . that is where the " google account " needs to reside .
i found a tweak that will allow me to manipulate the amount of ram that is allocated to the chrome browser on android . by default the chrome browser for android can only access up to 128mb of ram . this can be tweaked by simply opening the application Chrome Browser and typing the following string in a new tab and tap enter : chrome://flags/#max-tiles-for-interest-area in the menu that pops up , change the value from Default to 256 or 512 . you will be prompted with a notification that will ask you to relaunch google chrome in order for your changes to take effect . click Relaunch Google Chrome and enjoy the added speed .
there are several exif editors in google play . among them are : exif tag editor ( photo ) exif editor : free as suggested by izzy , there are also gallery apps that can do this : justpictures ! photo mate
restoring across different roms , have you considered the " troubleshooting options " of tb , and e.g. enabled its migration mode , or have it using the system 's own sqlite libs instead of tibus ? all those things are especially for cases as described with your question . so making use of those might end your search for an alternative ; they have always worked for me – migrating from my htc wildfire via motorola milestone 2 to finally lg optimus 4x . if you insist on alternatives , however , i would suggest you take a look at the backup tag-wiki , where you find many of them described . with android 4+ , you could e.g. make use of adb backup ( or use helium backup on your device , which does the same locally ) . again : this and more is described in the mentioned tag-wiki .
there is no way to disable the power button thru software because power button signals is hardwired to the phone 's internals . hardware modding is the only option for this happen i suggest getting that button repaired . its not really expensive ( 250php equivalent to 6$ usd ) , and can be done quite fast . not sure about official service centers though
two steps to speed the linux kernel boot : configure the linux kernel with a minimal set of device drivers , that is , only the drivers need to boot and load the root filesystem . every driver , filesystem , or subsystems that can be built as a module ( that you want in the kernel but not used during boot ) should be configured as a module rather than statically linked in . to see how much time is used in loading drivers during boot , you should modify the kernel command line with the option " initcall_debug " . this will cause timing information to be printed to the console for each initcall . initcalls are used to initialize statically linked kernel drivers and subsystems , and contribute a significant amount of time to the linux boot process . reconfiguring any unneeded drivers to loadable modules will subtract that initcall time from the kernel boot time . modify the kernel command line with the option " quiet " . this will disable most of the output of log messages to the console . of course this should only be done after you have a stable kernel . more techniques are here
the gmail app for android is not the same as the gmail . com website . you do not have to sign in when you open the app , because you already signed into your google account as part of the initial setup procedure , when you first turned on your phone or tablet . it is normal and expected for the gmail app to take you directly to your inbox . if you want to see other folders ( such as your sent messages ) , tap where it says " inbox " at the top of the screen — it is a drop-down menu . contacts are a separate app . look for " contacts " or " people " in your list of app icons .
you should contact gameloft . they officially support the acer liquid for that game , and thus should be able to help you ( or at least take a bug report ) . they do not specify which versions of the liquid they support , so it could just be that they have not tested on the metal .
i would expect it to have an impact on both . an odexed app is optimized , not just precompiled . android runs on a huge variety of hardware , so platform-specific optimizations could result in significant performance gains .
i can not find a good complete list , but you can always search for the permission on developer . android . com . in the case of read_phone_state , it does look like the phone number can be read .
this blog post tries to explain permission : http://techpp.com/2010/07/30/android-apps-permissions-secure-private-data/ if you really need to know the specifics of each permissions , you can download and grep android 's source code ( it is open source , after all ) . i think that is the best we can do for now .
ifconfig -a to list interfaces . ifconfig wlan0 hw ether ff:ff:ff:ff:ff:ff to set the mac address , replacing wlan0 with the interface you want to use , and the mac address with the one you want to spoof . not all drivers support changing the mac address though , so this may not work .
as superuser run : # netcfg  a list with the interfaces will appear . for example my interface was eth0 # ifconfig eth0 down # ifconfig eth0 hw ether your:new:mac # ifconfig eth0 up  note that not all drivers support this operation , and the android ifconfig do not support these commands . you will need another ifconfig executable , perhaps that from busybox will be suitable . after the reboot these changes are lost .
it is not a perfect answer but most note applications should support automatic hyperlink creation with phone numbers . in my case i use colorenote and the process would be " open app " -> " create new note " -> " write #" -> " hangup " -> " click on number " and the call starts . . .
i have a samsung galaxy , and when i am in a call i have the ability to create a memo by pressing the menu key , and selecting the memo option .
i found that number saver is the closest to a solution . it adds an icon to the notification area when on call and will even automatically switch to speakers when run during a call
i was also looking for something like this , but then found out a solution that works for me . while on call , click home button and go to contacts and add new contact . the active call stays in notifications and you can bring it back up anytime .
on my phone ( nexus s ) , all outgoing calls are logged in the call log -- from which you can long-press to add the number to your contacts .
yes . do not worry . it usually restore in the same location . even if it does not it is not supposed to cause problems . you can always move them .
first off , this almost certainly is nothing to do with your new google account . the twitter app has access to all the accounts on your phone with which it can suggest contacts . this means it probably looked at one or both of your personal imap accounts and used those to suggest contacts to you , rather than you ' empty ' google account . the question you linked to is probably correct although instead of your google email address the suggested contacts probably have one of your personal email accounts in their address book .
you need to open a local terminal shell , by using a " terminal emulator " like app . otherwise you will not get an su'able shell . since aos 4.2.2 , adb is not letting you use " su " , to get root shell , on stock " enforced " selinux devices . then do this : su 0 setenforce 0  if you need to make this permanent to last between re-boots , you need to find where this is originally set in the various init.*.rc files in boot . img and change it , and reflash . . .
battery level estimation is usually performed by a special “fuel gauge” chip ; different phone models use different chips . e.g. , samsung gt-i8150 ( galaxy w ) , according to the kernel config , uses the maxim max17043 chip , which , according to its datasheet , does not have any inputs to measure the current — it has only a battery voltage sensor . according to the manufacturer 's description , this chip uses “a sophisticated li+ battery-modeling scheme , called modelgauge™ to track the battery’s relative state-of-charge ( soc ) continuously over a widely varying charge/discharge profile” . some information is available in the datasheet , but details of this “modelgauge” scheme do not seem to be publicly available . btw , the driver used for samsung galaxy w seems to apply some corrections to the charge level returned by the max17043 chip , so probably the estimation performed by the chip is not ideal . other fuel gauge chips ( e . g . , max17047 ) measure both voltage and current , and sometimes also the battery temperature . such chips can probably provide a more precise estimation of the battery charge level . again , the datasheet does not provide all details of the used method . however , even if the fuel gauge chip used in a particular phone can measure the current , accessing that information from android might be impossible for several reasons : the chip might just use the current measurement internally and not expose it to the outside . this is not the case with max17047 — it has registers holding current measurement values , which can be read over the i2c bus . the kernel driver for the fuel gauge chip might not have code to expose the current measurement information to user applications . even if the kernel driver makes the current measurement information available ( e . g . , through some sysfs file ) , android does not have a standard api for such sensors — neither batterymanager nor sensor have anything appropriate for an electrical current sensor . therefore the currentwidget app that you have found may work only on some models for which the developer has information about accessing this nonstandard sensor .
everything should be backed up . you are never enough careful when you do such manipulations .
if it is gmail , then these are in data and titanium fully supports them . google play is a system package , and as are many other gapps . you must flash them using the zip provided , but you can use titanium to restore their data , although all the data is backed up online .
in short , no . you could install a vnc server , which would let you use a vnc client on your laptop to connect to the " mini pc " over wi-fi , and use the laptop 's keyboard , mouse , and screen to control the " mini pc " , but there are two caveats . first , you had need to be able to use the mini pc directly ( with a tv or monitor ) to be able to install and set up the vnc server ; second , you will probably find that using vnc is not as smooth as using it directly , especially for video-intensive applications like video calling and gaming . some games may not work at all . to use the device properly , you will need a monitor or tv with an hdmi input , or a monitor or tv with some other input ( such as dvi ) with an adaptor . you can also buy adaptors that have an hdmi input and connect to a pc with usb to make the pc act as a monitor , but they are relatively expensive . either way , you will need extra hardware to use this " mini pc " .
i have installed the application " barcode scanner " from here https://market.android.com/details?id=com.google.zxing.client.android to install an application , i open the " barcode scanner " application and hold the phone up to the barcode . it scans and decodes it automatically and then gives me the option to " open brower " . i click on that and it eventually leads me to the android market when i am given the option to install the application .
if you are seeing a qr code on a web page that you are browsing with your phone , then generally there will also be a clickable link to the same place as the qr code points to . if you are seeing a qr code on a web page on your browser on another device and want to follow it using your phone , you can install any one of a number of barcode scanning apps and then capture it using your camera ; if the qr code encodes a market link , the scanner app should open it for you in the market . i recommend qr droid for qr decoding myself , it is a very flexible little app that has tons of extra features ( including generating your own qr codes that other phones can scan for things like contacts so you can easily share them , etc )
unless you want to build a lock screen that is like motorola 's one or find a lock screen that you like from the market , i think you are out of luck otherwise .
does chrome render other websites in their " mobile " formats correctly ? if yes , you had need to correctly configure your website ( probably checking for user agent , and redirecting to mobile site ) correctly , so as to render the mobile site .
generally speaking , the serial number as reported by adb get-serialno will be different to fastboot as determined by : manufacturer make and model of device in question android version fastboot , on the other hand , since there is no adb loaded , instead , it uses a rudimentary usb protocol tied in with the boot-loader , the serial number will be different . is there a way to reliably determine what the fastboot serial number will be from adb ? there is no reliable way of achieving it .
based on your comment , are you looking for these things ? you can either use real android device or lookup existing internet resources to examine the code . p.s. do not ever attempt to use android emulator to perform testing . as it is not reliable at all . html5 compatibility table list desktop and mobile browsers http://caniuse.com/ desktop , tablet , mobile , television and gaming browsers http://html5test.com/compare/browser/index.html mobile browsers http://mobilehtml5.org/ coremob ( www.coremob.org ) : mobile web app profile https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0auihlk0fcwp4defpr1puwhk1qvczcv9xbfatx19cmxc#gid=0 test it yourself ringmark ( mobile browser test suite by facebook ) http://rng.io/
well , i have wound up using alternativeto .netto specify alternatives to a specific browser , and limiting the results to android . it is not perfect , but it is actually very workable . it gives me a list that is fairly comprehensive , gives me an idea of user base numbers , and also includes enough at-a-glance information to help me a bit .
swiftkey is free and works inside and outside knox
i just set up a knox container myself and it seems that it is a secure sandbox environment that does not have access to your regular apps ( any downloaded keyboard included ) or even the play store at all . it has its own knox store , i suppose to keep the knox container more secure . i was able to find a keyboard app for sale ( quickwrite keyboard ) in the knox store but it is not cheap .
summing up the solution from above comments : while it is not clear what happened with the card , the solution was quite trivial : take the card out of the android device , and put it into a card reader attach the card reader to a computer format the card using fat32 ( a file-system both sides can handle easily ) " safely remove " ( "eject" ) the card from the computer , take it out of the card reader , and put it back to the android device now the card was recognized fine \o/
the model does not matter , but the protocol does . the currently dominant standard is the qi standard ( pronounced " chi" ) developed by the wireless power consortium . this is the standard used by the nexus 4 , 5 , and 7 , as well as the galaxy s4 , and several htc , motorola , and nokia devices . other less used standards include duracell 's powermat system and the touchstone system used by palm and hp . none of these protocols are intercompatible . as a general rule , anything qi should work with anything else qi , however it may not work well . there are numerous shoddy charging pads on the market and the one you linked is probably one of them . it appears identical to one i purchased and it does not function well . the range is poor ( it will not charge through a case of any kind ) and it charges very slowly . i can not speak for the quality of the receiver they offer though .
it seems to be a known " feature " if you use kaspersky internet security : http://forum.kaspersky.com/index.php?s=8ffe1c0b8684d5bd3d1353f0d074f528showtopic=260035 however , as you can see in the link above , it comes with a few issues . disabling the ' web protection ' component seems to do the trick .
is your card working ? can you put it back in your phone and access it ? if yes , do not " fix " it .
i would start by trying the android contributors google group . here is a thread on reviewing googles own catalan translation work , for example .
you could use a different sync tool , where you can configure which folders to be synced and which not . an example of such is foldersync , which also supports dropbox : foldersync ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) the first screenshot shows you some of the cloud services foldersync supports . entry #4 on the second reveals you can configure " folderpairs " , that is , which folder on your device should be synchronized with which folder in the cloud . this way you could simply let your /sdcard/DCIM folder ( which is where your photos go ) including its subdirectories synchronize , leaving everything else out .
the official sony answer for my question ( i did not alter it ) : in regard to your question about if the smartwatch that you purchased if can be use with any regular blueatooth headset and im going to use the same example that you put the samsung bluetooth headset , it might be compatible but is not warranty that is going to work with every single fuction of it do to the fact that the smartwatch is build to work with sony devices .
i can recommend https://www.dropbox.com/ at the moment i have it on ubuntu , windows 7 , mac os x and also on htc desire hd
i you do not want to use an external location , apps like syncness that sync files over wifi are pretty good .
i have to admit i have not played with galaxy nexus , but airdoid is claimed to be a good solution for moving files . i use it with both my phones and works fine . i know the new way parts are mounted makes a huge difference . i usually use zimly as media player , and it finds uploded with airdroid files without any problems . you might need to re-scan media , as well . if you are on ubuntu , you might try this as last resort solution
specific solution for my problem is to install rescan sd application from market and launch it after uploading music through webdav .
i suggest you to try qtadb , instead of your webdav work-a-round . i tried every way and this is by far the best .
if you have a working cwm or 2e recovery you can flash darky 's with it just fine from a stock rom . if you have a lagfix , particularly the ext2 oclf , be sure to undo it first . ( it appears darky 's uses the voodoo ext4 lagfix , so no need to disable voodoo beforehand . see is the voodoo lagfix compatible with darky&#39 ; s rom ? ) note that your data will be wiped unless you are already using darky 's , as per the xda thread .
its most likely a vbr mp3 . as a dj we have seen this a lot , the vbr is never detected correctly as the length of the playback is not proportional to the length of the file . with dj software we have to prescan the files to determine their real length , obviously your application is only expecting fbr files and not vbr . you could put it through something like audacity on a pc and convert it to fixed bit rate . but that is you only real solution , i think .
it is not possible to create a widget that updates that often , because it will suck your battery really quickly . there are many stopwatch apps available in the play store . many of them have millisecond or decisecond accuracy , but i am not aware of any that have an associated widget . these kind of high precision timers should only be needed on a case-to-case basis , so it is not worth it for them to be on the homescreen .
each app on android stores its data on internal storage by default , below the /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; directory . due to the sandbox princip , except the app itself and root nobody has access to that if not explicitly defined otherwise by the developer ( e . g . skype currently has a serious security flaw giving everybody read/write access to all its data , including plain-text passwords ) . so no , you will not be able to get access to the database , which most likely is located in the /data/data/nl.sogeti.android.gpstracker/databases/ directory without having root access to your device . as for your second question : you are assuming correctly . as you do not have access to the developers certificate ( for good reasons ) , you cannot " update " the original app with your modified version . you would have to uninstall and then re-install -- or giving your modified version a different package name . in both cases , you will not have access to the original apps data .
check the mac address on your tablet , and compare it to the mac address listed for the tablet on your hot spot in the configuration window . if the two mac addresses are not the same , your hot spot will not connect and an ip address will not be assigned . i am currently experiencing this problem where something keeps changing the mac address in my tablet . i have not been able to resolve it , including performing a full factory reset . i am certainly open to any advice or suggestions on this issue . thanks
solution for at least i9070 / i9070p on linux : flashing only system . img with odin or heimdall ( use 1.3.1 version ) does not increase the counter . so download an official stock rom for your phone , extract it , convert the system . img ( sparse ext4 image ) to an normal ext4 image as described here . loop-mount it , add a su binary to the xbin subfolder with the correct file rights and ownership ( 06755 root root ) and if necessary add other files which are on your phone in the /system folder but not in the stock rom . repack everything back to a sparse ext4 image and flash it . at the end install the superuser or supersu app which belongs to the su binary you added to the system image .
you have a prety good tutorial right here : [ gt-i9070 ] [ root ] rooting your galaxy s advance without increasing the binary counter
if you are sure the keyboard is properly paired , have you tried using the excellent external keyboard helper pro ? i use it with a microsoft bluetooth keyboard , and it handles both switching to the external keyboard from the internal one ( and back ) when needed , but also little chores like nuking the caps lock key .
i would not run the " addon apps " like " ram manager " or the " seeder " script . i am not sure if you are using those , but the ram manager could cause instability because it forces applications to close to " free ram " . the need to free ram is a myth , if an application kills other apps , to free up some ram , the os will find something else to fill that ram . android does not want free ram , it sees free ram as wasted ram . as for " seeder " , if you are running that , i would either try updating , if you do not have the latest , or fresh install official cm without this script . even the developer of this is acknowledging that it has been causing instability , like locking and reboots . the biggest issue , really , that i see is that you are trying cm 10.1 on a device that has not been supported by cm for some time . this device 's last official build was cm 7.2 . so another reason you are seeing instability is because you are trying to run a version of android on hardware that really does not support it . the cm team usually only drops support for a device when they can no longer get the latest builds to run on the device .
the most frequently used site for downloading google 's proprietary bits is goo . im ( formerly goo-inside . me ) . however it can be a little confusing as it list all version so i recommend you check out this rootzwiki page as it list the recommended versions as well as the changelogs .
if your computer is able to recognize the phone while it is in fastboot mode , you are half-way there . you will now need to flash a proper recovery image , and then use the recovery mode to flash a compatible rom . it does not looks like clockworkmod officially supports your version of lg g2 ( d803 ) . the other well known recovery is twrp ( short for team win recovery project ) . there are two different recovery images for d803 - bell and rogers . go ahead and download the one appropriate for your carrier , and save it somewhere on your computer . now do the following : boot up your phone into fastboot mode , and connect it via usb to the pc . open windows command prompt , and navigate to wherever the fastboot . exe program is installed ( e . g . cd c:\fastboot\ ) issue the following command : fastboot flash recovery [path-to-img] where " [ path-to-img ] " is the full path to where you downloaded the recovery image ( C:\temp\openrecovery-twrp-2.6.3.2-g2bell.img for example ) turn the phone off , diaconnect it from usb , and boot to recovery by holding the vol down + power buttons , then as soon as the " lg " logo comes up release them and press and hold them again , and then on the screen press the power button 3 times . you should be in twrp recovery . re-connect the phone to pc via usb , and now adb tool should be working . you can now try to find the cm11 version for your phone , adb push it to your phone 's memory while it is in recovery mode , and then flash it with twrp . i would also recommend performing a complete wipe via twrp to clear out any residual files from your previous flashing attempts . currently cyanogenmod does not officially support the canadian variant ( d803 ) of lg g2 , but some people had successfully modified the d802 's package . this involves extracting a file from the official cm11 zip , modifying it to include the d803 model , re-packing it into the zip , and finally flashing it . a different kernel is also required to be flashed right afterwards , and can be found here ( you will need the aosp based one . )
i just blew into both the port on my tab for charging , and the port on the cable . now , it charges normally again ! go figure !
alright guys , i had the same problem as you are experiencing . when i plugged my tablet to the wall charger it just showed a lightning icon crossed with a red cross , it wrote mtp connected and did not charge . i have read some forums about this problem there are only a few of them . i have decided to reset to the factory settings , since i was desperate at this point , i did not even hope . then i solved my problem just by checking the connection between the box u put in the wall plug and the cable . honestly i wanted to throw it away but luckily i did not , it works fine now . hope this could help you or even if it does not i just wish you good luck with solving it .
i had the same problem until i tried one method by accident . connect the tab with the relevant port . now slowly connect the usb side of the connector to the usb port in your computer ( remember to be slow enough till 50 percent of the connector is pushed in ) . your tablet will now start charging normally using the pc . now you can push in the remaining half of the connector into the slot .
most of the time this problem is being caused by dust , dirt , grime , or some other type of contamination coating one of the usb pins on the inside of the usb port . easiest fix is to blow some compressed air into the usb port repeatedly until the dust/dirt is blow clear . you can also use " contact/control cleaner and lubricant " available from radio shack . remove the phone battery and hold the phone upside down while using the compressed air or cleaner/lubricant to blast the usb port clean . wipe off any residue then re-install the battery . power up your phone and it will now function properly .
the behavior you are seeing is consistent with plugging the tablet 's usb cable into a standard usb port . if you plug the tablet into the " official " power adapter , you should see neither the red " x " on the battery icon , nor the mtp scanning update . the tablet will only reliably charge ( and thus no red " x" ) when plugged into the special wall adapter , because the adapter is modified to deliver a higher current output than a computer 's usb hub or a generic usb power adapter will deliver . when the tablet detects that it is on a standard usb connection it displays the red " x " on the battery icon as the tablet may not gain battery charge as fast as it uses it ( the tablet 's screen and network connections together can drain more than a standard usb connection can supply ) . the mtp scanner is the media scanner that runs when the tablet thinks it might be plugged into a computer . i believe this is so it can quickly copy media off to your desktop , but i am not sure on the details . basically , its another symptom of using a vanilla usb port . see this question for more details : how much power does a galaxy tab 10.1 charger need to supply ?
not all rfid systems are compatible with nfc . nfc uses an rf frequency of 13.56 mhz ( so-called hf ) , but there are other common rfid systems that use frequencies in the range of 100-150 khz ( so-called lf ) or 860-960 mhz ( so-called uhf ) . your key may belong to an lf or uhf system . another possibility is that your key is part of an hf system , but uses a command set or an rf modulation scheme that is not compatible with nfc .
i expect the same way as any other update . Menu | Settings | About phone | System updates if it tells you that " your system is currently up to date " then your carrier has not released the update for your phone yet . ( they usually do staggered rollouts so as not to overload anything . )
actually the new whatsapp update provide user to hide the last seen stamp . in Settings-&gt;Account-&gt;Privacy you will find option to hide . but if you enable this option you cant see other peoples timestamp too
it all depends on which version of whats app you currently operate in the previous versions of whats app you had to block a specified user in order to avoid your last seen , display picture be seen from an annoying person . if you have been blocked by a person then after few days you will not be able to view their dp as well as last seen . but now in the latest update whats app has now provided more privacy settings . hide display picture -if you select this option then urs as well as other display picture will be hidden ( i.e. your dp will be hidden from others as well as you cannot view other 's dp as well ) . hide last seen -if you select this option then your last seen will not be visible to anyone as well as you cannot see other 's last seen . how ever if you are not sure then better wait for few days ( 1-2 ) after which you can yourself identify whether you have been blocked by some person or its your settings .
if you can not see " last seen at " stamp it could mean you have been blocked , but if a contact has blocked you , you should also not be able to check the updates to the contact 's profile picture and you will no more see the second check mark ( "message delivered" ) in the messages you send to that contact , whatsapp will only print the first one ( which is for " message sent" ) . if you do not see any of these indicators there could be many reasons : whatsapp is vaguous on this point for privacy policy , i.e. whatsapp will not let a contact be sure you have blocked him . in your case , you have probably encontered a temporary effect of this .
samsung 's kies software only works with samsung phones running official samsung roms . the only way to get kies working with your phone would be to put an official samsung released os version onto it again .
more the internal memory , the better it will be for your device . external storage devices like microsd cards are like an artificial hand attached to your body . nevertheless , it aids in the data storage . higher the class value , speedier your card will be . internal memory is needed by the android device to store apps data , cache , running background services and other information . you can , however , choose to install apps on external microsd as well , using apps like app2sd . it is always beneficial to go for device which have high internal memory such as 8gb or 16gb . if you watch a lot of movies or store a ton of pdfs or epubs then it is good to have microsd card as well .
for what is worth , i had a class 4 sd card . running games whose data was on that external sd was painfully slow , during loading and during gameplay , with frequent mini-freezes . after upgrading to a class 10 card , i find no difference in running games from the internal and the external storage . please do not draw any conclusions from these highly rigorous scientific experiments .
i will give some numbers collected while testing my samsung galaxy sii gt-i9100 with 16 gb internal memory ( 11 gb available for user files ) and 64 gb sandisk microsdxc memory card ( uhc-i sdsdqu-064g-u46a ) : larger files make the write speeds to lower slightly ( ca . 7 mb/s for ext card and almost no change for internal memory ) . so , in this very case , on this phone and a memory card of exactly this type , internal memory has better reading performance , but there is a catch in it : flash memory wears out the more the often you write to it , so both the internal memory and the card may become faulty some day . and when this happens a memory card is easier to replace . to replace internal memory you should go to repairing service . what about flash memory speeds it is all about your feeling - do you feel that using the slower external card fits your needs or you notice a slowdown . i have set up camera app to write pictures and movies to external card and do not feel any discomfort .
if their is not an option to select a set of folders . i am assuming there is something about those folders like big attachments ? or to sensitive to be on a mobile device ? my best advice to you would be to move the folders in question into an archive and set up a rule to automatically sort your mail into that . you will never see an archive folder on your phone , so job done . hope that helps .
as said in my comment on the question itself : that settings page is the place to configure the default behaviour . in your described case , those settings define the screen to switch off after 30s of idle time ( i.e. . no touch event ) , plus activate the keyguard action ( i.e. . the lock pattern , pin , or password ) after additional 5 seconds ( so if you switch the screen back on within less than 5s after it switched off automatically , you do not have to unlock the device as it would not yet be locked ) . now why does the screen stay on for 20 minutes or more , though configured to switch off after 30s of idle time ? the solution is not always that obvious . apps with the appropriate permissions might override those default settings . a good example is a navigation app : one surely does not want to permanently touch the screen to keep it from switching off while navigating . another example might be an ebook reader prolonging the timeout . while a reboot might solve that issue once it happens ( in case a quick-fix is needed ) , in the long run it will prove better to check running apps for candidates overriding the mentioned default settings . while the navigation app might be obvious ( and most likely desired ) , other apps might let you configure this behaviour . in case you cannot easily figure out which app is causing it , a look at the system logs might prove useful . alogcat is one example of apps helping you to capture log contents ( there are many others as well ) . it might produce a large amount of lines , but searching the content for strings like " screen " , " timeout " , and the like has good chances to narrow it down .
your problem is not in display but in lock screen . i had the same problem and fixed it : go to settings , lock screen , then secured lock time , and set it for ten minutes
as far as i can tell , no , there is not a way to configure where sent mail is placed using the imap email account on the galaxy s iii . there may be a 3rd party email app that can do this , but not the stock one on the s iii . as suggested in the comments k-9 mail does what you want .
i would rather go with replacing the sd card and checking if that happens again . nowadays there are lots of cheap sd cards which simply lose or corrupt your data with no particular reason . there have been reports of sd cards that pretend to be 4 , 8 , 16gb or even more but only have 256mb . if you have such a bad card and copy more than 256mb of data it will get corrupted . the same thing applies to flash drives etc . if that does not help then try to restore your device to the original state and do not install all your applications at one go . try to install the most important first and the rest in some intervals so you can find the one which may be causing problems .
this looks like a special kind of sms message , sometimes called " flash sms " , that shows up instantaneously on the phones screen . i do not think that there is an option to block these messages and even if it would be possible i would not encourage you to do so , because you could maybe miss some other important information . i think the best approach would be to ask your carrier from disabling these messages for your number . i am sure that they are able and happy to do so .
this is a problem with your carrier where they send the last data usage details whenever a data connection session ends . it is not possible to disable it unless the network provider disables it . however , you can try this small workaround by going to Messaging , selecting Settings in options , and disabling Cell Broadcast settings . thanks
balance update / ussd blocker you can install this app to block the flash messages this does not support android 4.2.2
i asked google . this was their response . thanks for writing in . i understand you would like to know how to choose what account in app purchases are billed to . i apologize for any frustration this has caused . when you go to make an in app purchase the purchase is going to be billed to what ever account was used to download the app the purchase is going through .
" rooting a phone " - acquiring super user permissions . " installing the su application " - making it so you can acquire super user permissions any time you want . the first thing you should do after rooting a phone is install the su application so you can have root permissions any time you want them . most automated rooting processes do this for you , but if you acquire root permissions manually , you probably have to install the su application manually too .
your device is not rooted at all . without su binary , you can not assume command as root .
my first suggestion is to look into replacing your launcher . you can find several home launcher replacements in google play market . my current favorite is the holo launcher . alternatively
this functionality is not available as standard in your default launcher , but the launcher is replaceable . there are lots of alternatives out there , some require a minimum os version . unless you have rooted your phone it looks like the maximum os version you can be on is v2.3.5 ( source : http://www.gsmarena.com/samsung_galaxy_y_s5360-4117.php ) . so this rules out the newer breed of launchers which are based on the android 4 . x launcher . but there are still a load of good launchers which will be compatible with your phone and will provide the functionality that you are looking for . have a look at : go launcher adw launcher
use holo launcher : really an awesome launcher , you will get an ics look and you can hide icons in the drawer ; you can also add icons in the dock session . use it and i bet you gonna really like the holo launcher .
what sticks out to me is that your battery status says " not charging " instead of discharging . i feel like your phone may recognize that the charger is plugged in , but may have some error in the battery/phone itself . i feel like your phone may just be translating the charger power directly into the phone itself , and is not able to charge the battery . if this is the case , it is a hardware issue . sorry that there is not much you can do .
reverse usb tethering do not copy and paste these commands . read them and see if you can understand what they are accomplishing and modify them to suit your needs . you are routing over usb . ifconfig eth0 0.0.0.0 ifconfig usb0 0.0.0.0 brctl addbr br0 brctl addif br0 eth0 brctl addif br0 usb0 ifconfig br0 up dhclient br0  do not copy and paste these commands . since you do not have network access on your pc , you will not need to make a bridge , but if you ever add a nic , then you may want to create a bridge .
can not you just split the contact up in two ? so if the account have two google accounts it is just two contacts on your address book . it looks to me that you are only able to choose between more numbers , so if your contacts have multiple phone numbers you can choose between them , but emails you are not . ( even when they are added as hangout emails and is a verified google+ account . ) the way i would do it is split them up in multiple contacts and then make a group chat with that person that have more then one google account .
i do not know of any apps that can do that , but ( supposedly ) any android 4.2 device can do that with a wireless display adapter connected to an hdmi-enabled tv . i also found this project by e.s.r. labs , which they successfully get a nexus s to mirror it is screen ( albeit onto a raspberry pi ) . mirroring functionality is also sometimes limited due to hardware requirements . i also recently found that a developer was able to get miracast working on nexus 7 and 4 variants . check it out on xda with videos . something cool to note with this project is that the mirroring capabilities are all software based ; no need for additional hardware . hopefully that will also lead to further development for mirroring on devices that do not already have the hardware inside of them .
the camera may be connecting on ptp ( picture transfer protocol ) or mtp ( media transfer protocol ) mode , not as a normal usb drive ( which uses usb mass storage drivers ) . it shows up in ubuntu similarly to a usb mass storage device , but android has no support for this out of the box . you could try an app that supports ptp , such as dslrdashboard , but i have not tried these personally , so no guarantees .
go to menu> settings> apps> all> google framework services> clear data again do the same thing with the play store app . reboot your tablet and check it . see if you can click the install button on pc and if the apps are pushed onto the tablet .
i have the same phone and pretty much the same issue ( s ) . first of all , you should not be using a task killer . it is unnecessary and counter productive . ( see this question and this other question . ) one thing that will help is using a home screen replacement . there are several , but i have been using zeam . while it does not remove the homescreen redraw delay completely , it is much better than without it . another thing that will help is reducing or eliminating the number of widgets you are using .
the delay that you are seeing is the android operating system " opening " the home screen application after it has been stopped . unlike most other phone platforms , the android home screen is nothing more than an application ( like messaging or email ) which is triggered when you press the home button ( or back button enough ) . the android os will often stop applications which are running in the background but not being used in order to free up more resources for the ones you are currently using . if you spend an extended amount of time within an application such as a game or messaging , the android os might stop the home screen activity to allow the current application to function better . when you press the home screen button to exit , it has to start up the home screen from scratch . the delay you see is the home screen starting up from a completely stopped state , much like the delay you would see when opening a large application for the first time since booting . there is no ( easy ) way to prevent this from happening and in reality you should not . the android os is built on a very robust platform that has been designed to handle resources much better than a human being . this is also the reasoning behind not using a task killer . the os knows best . to mitigate the problem , an alternative home screen might be worth a try . three popular ones are launcherpro , adw . launcher , and zeam . reducing the number of applications that run in the background will also help free up resources and allow the home application to stay loaded for much longer . applications like facebook , twitter , flickr , and most multiplayer games all keep services running in the background which consume resources . hopefully some of this can help you !
i also have a moto droid rev . 1 that has been ota updated to 2.2.1 . i was also seeing the extreme delay ( 10 seconds and longer ) in displaying the launcher after removing the phone from either my car or multimedia dock . i found that after performing a factory reset of my phone , the launcher was much , much more responsive . it has been several weeks since i reset my device , and while the launcher does lag from time to time , it is usually available in less than 2 seconds .
this result indicates that your device claims to support usb host mode , but that it does not actually work . there are 6 reasons i can think of that would cause you would get this result : a . you did the test wrong and did not plug things in at the specified time . try it again and follow the instructions exactly . b . your usb host cable is defective or is not actually a usb host cable . try it again with another cable or the correct cable . c . you used an improper device ( e . g . a device that tries to draw more current than the tablet can supply , like an external hard drive , rather than a flash drive ) and thus the test failed as it could not detect the device , because the device was unable to power up successfully . try it again with a different device . d . your device claims it supports usb host mode , but due to a software bug , it does not work . an update or custom rom may fix this . e . your device claims it supports usb host mode , but the hardware does not actually support it . you are sol unless you can return this device to exchange it for a real tablet . f . your device is a weird piece of work regarding usb . some android devices ( such as the htc incredible s ) technically implement usb host mode , but they will not provide power to the attached device . in this case , you need to provide the juice yourself , via a self-powered hub or similar .
not having used link2sd i cannot tell for sure -- but being familiar with the principle , there is one thing that should work with a rooted device : make sure you had removed the files on the link2sd partition using a ( root ) file explorer , navigate to /data/data and check for symlinks showing the same package names listed in your screenshot . delete them . this might still leave " traces " in some system configuration files ( for sure this is valid for the packages.xml which stores the apps ' permissions ) . sd maid - system cleaning tool should be able to clean up most of the remains . still , this manual approach is not 100% " clean " . another option might involve re-installing link2sd and see whether you can cleanly remove the apps with it ( or even re-installing the apps , moving them again with link2sd in case this did not happen automatically due to the symlinks , and then removing them again ) . if all else fails , one ugly but very clean solution remains : a factory reset . do not forget to backup everything before this -- you have got titanium backup to take care for this step , as your question states .
i also had this issue . i found that if i use link2sd to uninstall the app , it should remove the entry from the app manager .
the android implementation of talk-to-text sends your voice to google 's servers , parses your speech into text , then sends the text string back to the handset . without access to the internet , it is unable to transmit your voice data to their servers .
each user account has its own lockscreen settings , so the easiest way to do this is to simply use a password lockscreen for each user . in fact , you can use entirely different lockscreen security for one user than you do for another ( e . g . one could use a pattern , one a pin , one a slide lock , etc ) . to set this up , select a user and unlock the device , then go into settings => security => screen lock and select the " password " option ( you could also use pin or pattern , of course ) . set the desired password , then lock the device . repeat this process for each of the other user accounts to set up individualized passwords for each one .
in short , never ever back up system apps and settings from one handset and restore to another , that is exactly what happens ! : ) mismatches with system app 's key signature conflicts with another 's rom 's key signature , and variants of settings as well may not exist on the other , all of those can lead to breakages such as what the op is experiencing . the only way to get that back , is to perform a factory reset to restore everything back to its original state .
also , check if you entered the wifi password correctly .
usually this happens when the device is set back to default manufacturing date . reset the date to current date and everything will work fine .
as far as i know , swype only comes in two sets : full ( all languages ) and a english/spanish set . however , there is a hidden feature : you can swype from the swype key to the q key to switch between your current language and the last language you used .
if the swype developers do not put the options you want in the app then the only way to accomplish what you want is to get your hands on the source code and make the changes manually . this would be quite a trick , as swype is closed source . i also would not recommend modifying the . apk that they have released ( is there even a way to decompile . apk 's ? ) as your results could vary widely between " swype stopped working " and " i have somehow bricked my phone " . bryan 's suggestion will definitely help you if you happen to switch between two of those three languages most of the time , but unfortunately if you cycle through all three pretty regularly you are going to have to stick with using the menu selections .
you might want to use some package inspector like e.g. app detective to see what receivers the app in question has set up . most likely it is acting on some broadcast , such as e.g. " sdcard mounted " , to check for media , or " network changed " to check for other dlna services . if your device is rooted , you might be interested in apps like rom toolbox or autorun manager , which allow you to disable selected receivers , or even freeze the entire app . without root , you can try whether that app can be disabled in settings → apps . it is either running for nothing or ( these days it is no longer called " paranoia" ) working for somebody else , if you do not use it yourself .
i have done sort of the reverse -- installed a us t-mobile rom to my t-mobile phone while i had it on the canadian rogers network . since the legend is also a gsm phone like my vibrant , i would expect yours to work just as well as mine did . just make sure you have your sim card in for the whole process .
art is not in the gs4 developer options . it is not compatible with the sense ui , so it was left off the gs4 update .
i would try editing extras\google\usb_driver\android_winusb.inf in the android sdk so that it recognizes your device . the file should have a section like this that you can extend : if you go into the windows device manager and view the properties for your device , you should see the id you need . for example , my vibrant says USB\VID_04E8&amp;PID_681C under device ids and has 3 entries with that and &amp;MI_00 , &amp;MI_02 , and &amp;MI_03 appended under bus relations . i would therefore add this to the . inf file : you should also reboot into the bootloader , recovery mode , etc . and see if that provides more ids . i know my vibrant installs new drivers the first time it is connected in each mode , so likely there are more entries needed . then just update the driver and select this . inf file . i think once you have done that then the usb mass storage drivers and so on will be auto-installed when you mount the device to the pc , but if not you could probably extend this process for that .
recently , koush ( the person behind clockworkmod ) has deleveloped a universaladbdriver for windows , which can be downloaded e.g. here . read more e.g. in the androidpolice article a universal adb driver for windows that actually works on 8 and check adbdriver . com as an alternative source . see also koush 's original g+ post on this . quoting : for whatever reason , every phone manufacturer has their own adb driver , so i end up installing like 3-4 different drivers when i do my testing . it is a royal pain in the ass , and is also asking a lot of the end user of one of my apps to do this . this driver should work on all android phones for all versions of windows . [ 1 ] it does not require that you turn on test signing or disable driver verification or even reboot . this is done by automatically installing clockworkmod as a trusted certificate and publisher into the local machine 's certificate store during the setup process . [ 1 ] on windows 8 , after downloading , choose " more info " then " run anyway " . so if you do not want to play with source/configuration files yourself , you might want to give this a try .
indeed . since you are rooted , i suggest you use the freeware sytrant . it also allows you to choose which time server you wish to sync from as well as allowing a user to specify a daily interval at which the time can be updated automatically .
if you have a wireless lan and you just want to copy files around while the phone can still access the card then the simplest way is to install an ftp server on your phone like https://market.android.com/details?id=lutey.ftpserver there are probably similar solutions using bluetooth , 3g , etc .
there is apparently an app in the market that does this . i do not know the name . it probably requires root . however , doing so is a terrible idea . two operating systems should never access the same disk at the same time , because they do not know about each other 's writes . if you do this you will lose data , possibly everything on your card . there is no advantage to this anyways unless you are doing something extremely bizarre .
take a look at goto lock screen - supposedly it is fast . it lets you stay on top of your text messages , missed calls , and gmail notifications all with a simple slide gesture . a detailed feature list is available here . re-reading your question , i see you want widgets to use in conjunction with widgetlocker - what sms app are you using ? handcent has a medium sized widget which shows unread sms as does gosms . you can show missed calls using this call log widget . update : i do believe i have found something that might interest you - puremessenger widget will show the following : gmail emails ( pop3+imap / need k9fp ) sms facebook twitter calls
i would suggest noled , a pretty handy and battery-efficient way to see notifications of missed events while the phone is locked . minimal battery drain on amoled screens and pretty customizable .
changing the starting day for mobile data is indeed non-obvious . you need to enable the mobile data connection ( 2g/3g ) before the options are available : enable mobile data . exit the data usage settings app . tap the spinner below the set mobile data limit checkbox . tap change cycle . . . . change date of each month ( i prefer the first day of the month , 1 ) hit set . undo mobile data if necessary ( e . g . if on wi-fi ) .
i think you should re-read the related question . this is likely down to either os services or apps left running in the background . i suggest you try something like taskkiller or the taskmanager itself and check which apps are still running in the background . even if you think you have not started any , it is likely that the device managed to launch some sync services before you stopped it from syncing .
use an app such as " better battery stats . " this app provides detailed information about all the services running . this is way better than the stock app for diagnostics . additionally , a lot of the core services for the system are attributed as part of the " android os " . there is a very particular bug in samsung galaxy sii devices relating to the touchwiz calendar that keeps doing a lot of unnecessary checks which prevents the device from sleeping properly when the screen is turned off . this causes a huge drain in battery life . since the touchwiz on an sii is very similar to the one on a galaxy note , you might have the same inherent bug . these links might give you a better idea http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1316003 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1383929page=5
i am using samsung galaxy r for more than 5 months . such a wonderful device , of course the issue is battery life . i have tried many of resources no use . i did factory rest 2 times still no use . after full charge it is draining suddenly to 45% in 4 hours ( there was no 3g , wifi , gps ) . i was totally frustrated , finally i got a chance to read this forum . there i started to think about gps wake lock , finally i found the solution go to settings , location and security , and disable " use gps satellites " ( make sure your connected to internet ) then try to observe . now please be noted my observation below , from 1am 99% to 6am 97% ( fone was in sleep ) from 6am 97% to 6pm 85% ( normal use ) . try this , if it is helping help others to get away from the frustration .
first , even without having a network connection , you can try to unlock it with your google account data . usually the device stores a " token " , so you might be able to log in . second , if that does not help , you might want to take a look at the locked-out tag-wiki , and at cannot unlock tablet as have no internet connection ? . there might still be a chance to unlock your device . if nothing else helps , a factory-reset can also be done from the recovery-mode : shut down your device hold the vol + button and keep it pressed while additionally press the power button . keep both pressed until a text-menu appears ( if that does not work , try again while substituting vol + with vol - ) use the volume buttons to select " factory reset " execute the item ( usually done by short-pressing the power button or by pressing the ' show more ' button at the bottom-left of your phone )
in addition to sparx 's answer : droidwall has been discontinued and now forked into afwall+ play store and continues in the spirit of open-source for the deprecated/obsolete droidwall here github .
if your phone 's rooted , use the excellent droidwall to selectively allow / disallow apps from connecting to the internet . like all apps that need root , read the instructions carefully and of course , do make a complete backup before trying things out .
if your device is rooted you can use lbe privacy guard to allow/deny network access based on a per-app setting ( and much more ) . since i could not find the version i use ( and shown in the screenshots ) on the market minutes ago i think there is a new version of it available . but i did not get an update via android market on my phone .
whether your phone is rooted or not – if it is running android 4.0 or newer , there is help built-in : go to settings → data usage tick the limit checkbox use the bars in the graph to define upper limits ( if you do not want any global limits , use " astronomical values": i have set mine to 3 gb , which never will be triggered . but you must set a limit here for the following steps to work ) scroll the list of apps below the graph to find the apps you want to restrict tap their entry , scroll to the end , tick restrict background data done . this app will only use data when it is the foreground app now , or when you are connected to wifi ( above settings are for mobile data only ) .
there is not a way to do this in the default settings for android devices and most people are surprised to learn that they can keep sync on full time without exceeding even modest data plans . i would recommend checking out tasker . it is an android application that allows you to automate almost anything on an android device . you can use it to automatically toggle on your auto-sync setting using the wifi state as a trigger . tasker is a bit pricey , so please read on . this widget , if it lives up to its billing should do the trick for you , read the comments , you will see it turns on sync when wifi is present . it is not named very well , but check it out : wifi autosyncauto toggle
unfortunately to this moment google not provide such feature to list all our reviews and ratings from google play . but there is method to search all of ours reviews by typing to google . com phrase : inurl:https://play.google.com/store/apps/details +"John Doe"  where john doe is our name we use in google+ , but of course this name should be unique .
if the developer do not give you access to the ( web ) settings of the webview , you will not be able to disable javascript in the webview .
you only need an unlock code if your phone was sim-locked to start with . not all phones are , and if you did not get the phone from the carrier it definitely was not .
if your phone is running fine , then do not worry about it . it is possible that they unlocked your phone over-the-air . . . sounds weird , but some companies do it with certain phones ( for example , sprint pushes out unlock codes over-the-air ) . did you buy your phone outright from the carrier ( the full price ) , or did you sign a contract ?
you are right . sleep mode is something from motorola , not from android . so , cyanogenmod ( based on the stock rom ) does not have this option . it has several other options , and you just need to find something close to it . you could try airplane mode , which turns off all connections ( wifi , bluetooth , cellular , nfc , etc . . )
i think rooting is required . try after rooting ur mobile then u can open the app
go to your gmail settings . most probably you can go by pressing your menu button . then select your email address , such as xxxx@gmail.com . make sure , you have notification option ticked . go below and you will see gmail sync option , make sure it is ON . now try refreshing .
basically the size of an mms message depends on : the size that the operator can handle ; the size that the phone can handle . from wikipedia : although the standard does not specify a maximum size for a message , 300 kb is the current recommended size used by networks due to some limitations on the wap gateway side . there is no definitive answer to this subject due to the dependencies mentioned above . you can contact your operator and try to get a more accurate answer from them . alternatively you can always test ; )
short answer : the maximum size for mms is rather carrier-dependent , and usually is set to 300kb . for your second question , you might want to check manually edit your max mms size limit . another interesting source might be what is the maximum mms file size that i can send from my mms phone ? more details : as for changing the limit , there are several consideration to be taken . sure one can alter any limits , but usually there is a good reason for their presence . as zuul pointed out ( see comment below ) , you may then be able to successfully send a message of , say , 1mb size -- but that does not necessarily mean the recipient is able to receive ( let alone read ) it . consider the 300kb limit as " smallest common denominator " between your phones capability , your carriers capability/configuration and the receivers capability . so if you are pretty sure what you are doing ( say , you know your phone can handle 500k at least , the recipients phone can do so as well , and both your carriers support it ) , increasing the limit might enable you to exchange mms up to 500k with that recipient -- while failing to do so with others . to me , this was never a question . if i need send some message , i use email . it is cheaper than mms , and works between phones and pcs and macs and . . . exception : the recipient has an " older phone model " without email capabilities . but then chances are good it cannot handle mms either -- so i have to stick to 160 chars with sms telling him to lookup his mail : )
i turned off the sync and turned it back on and the notifications went away .
just disable notifications in play store . open Play Store -> look for the three dot \u1427\u1427\u1427 menu -> Settings -> uncheck Notifications
had same problem . download manager seems to be the issue if you have that installed . but just click on one of the notifications , you will see app info . click on that and then unclick show notifications . it should go away .
i went into the download manager app and once it opened went to the right where it says " other downloads " and deleted them all and i rebooted the phone and it seemed to work ok . i havent noticed them coming back or any other issues by doing this as of yet .
here 's what i did with that same problem . settings More tab application manager scroll right to all select download manager force stop , and then clear data and cache reboot
this happened to me as well , but seemingly fixed it . turn off wi-fi temporarily . only seems to happen to me while connected to wifi ( possibly because my email app settings are set to only download when connected to wifi ) . go to apps list and find an app called " downloads " . choose the " other downloads " tab . check the boxes for most/all items and click delete . click the down arrow called " older " and check all remaining items and click delete . turn wi-fi back on .
qpdf viewer - a free ad-free android pdf reader - also has a great text reflow mode . users can zoom in and out to increase or decrease the font size . look for " reflow text " under the action toolbar " view " menu .
install repligo pdf reader and switch to Text Reflow mode . it has one of the best text reflow mode till date which displays images too . but , to read codes , you will have to fight again . another option : use ezpdf reader lite ( or pro ) and use its text column locking feature in landscape orientation ( to kick out blank margins and use large device height as width of pdf ) . i find it useful on my 4.0-inch screen even for the codes because it does not change formatting to reflow text . but , if your screen size is much smaller than my one , it would be useless to you . plus , both pdf readers feature voice reading . you can use that too .
the best option is foxit mobile pdf .
a locked bootloader means that you will not be able to install software updates ( or flash recoveries , roms ) that has not been signed by the manufacturer/carrier . so the answer is " yes , you can flash an unsigned rom but it will not get loaded by the locked bootloader " .
open the gooogle+ photos app > touch the menu icon/button > settings > auto backup > toggle on or off to remove google+ photos from your gallery head to your phone’s settings , and scroll down and tap “google” under the accounts subheader . in here , uncheck “sync google photos” as well as “sync picasa web albums . ” once that’s done , you need to clear the application data for your gallery to reset your albums list . head to the application manager in your settings . it could show up as either “manage apps , ” “application manager” or “application settings . ” scroll down and tap “gallery . ” tap “clear data . ” once you’ve completed these steps , you’re good to go . your gallery will only show the albums that are only on your phone . much neater . remember though , if you have google+ auto backup set up for your photos , your backed up photos won’t show up in your gallery anymore , but you can still access them through your google+ account . hope this works if not then please comment ! ! thank you .
my brother helped with this link which suggests as follows : apps > settings > accounts and sync > enable / check ' auto-sync data ' option which i missed to notice . apps > settings > accounts and sync > google > email id ( you email id ) > un-select ' picasa web albums ' option . if you want to remove already synced photos then , apps > setttings > apps > all > gallery > clear data and clear cache this helped me and hope this might help others too . so , the point that i was missing and even from @blackhat002 is covered in the link - to enable ' auto-sync data ' option as pointed in #1 . only then , as a next step , one can un-check option to auto-sync photos . hope this helps others too . the question still remains - from where does android sync photos ?
does the os actually tell you it failed to download , or do you just notice ? when i was running 2.0.1 i noticed a particular problem with trying to update/download multiple apps at once . if you are doing synchronous dls try one at a time . another option may be to try using appbrain . it is an alternative installation app that hooks into market . (http://www.appbrain.com/) speaking of which , you could also try your qr reader and try to install via the internet using the programs ' qr codes .
are you out of internal storage for apps ? have you tried a hard reset ? can you upgrade your phone to a newer android release ? personally i would try upgrading your device first then see if you still have problems .
can you get any app to install ? first thing to always try is to reboot the phone . if that doesnt work , try downloading alogcat from the market ( if you can install it ) . if it installs , then go to the market and try to download the app you are having issues with . if it still wont download , then open alogcat and look at the system log entries . then you should be able to glean a little bit of info of why its not installing . i know this is not a 100% answer of what you are looking for , but it does help and has helped me before .
when this happens to me there is one thing that helps every time : open the market and go to the downloads section , then perform a long click on the stalled download . cancel the download from here . now you should be able to reinstall / update the app .
i found the following but i do not think this is a definitive answer though it looks close to what i need , secure end-to-end encryption with no chance of snooping/sniffing/mitm . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/off-the-record_messaging#phone_apps i was not fully aware of otr though i had heard the term used elsewhere but did not know the full implications . i think otr is what i am looking for . still looking for further input though .
the contacts is actually an app , hence as other android apps store it is data , this app also stores in a sqlite database . images are part of contact data and are spotted in database . it is stored in /data/data/com . android . providers/contacta/databases/contracts . db
you should probably use the imei . the imei ends with a checksum , whereas imei sv ends with a software version number which should not be relevant .
since you are using cyanogenmod , this may be the case with your device and it is an issue with the ril part of your device . this is a bug that needs to get reported to the developer of your cyanogenmod builds
there is nothing wrong with it . its the expected/correct behaviour of a freshly installed rom that does not have google apps ( gapps ) installed . thus , the telephony/wifi signal will show up as grey . its only when that google apps ( gapps ) are installed , then it will show up as blue , this is for ics upwards . in gingerbread , if no gapps is installed , and there is wifi connectivity , its white , when gapps gets installed , it changes to the typical green that is known under gingerbread . to resolve this , please install the appropriate gapps suitable for your cm10 rom . edit i am under the impression that gtalk application and service is part of the gapps hence my comment below to izzy about this . . . and seems to backup the fact that if gtalk service is not present , the signal colours do appear different .
for me the wifi signal turned gray and i was unable to connect to all google apps like playstore and gmail . i found out that it was because i installed freedom app and uninstalled it . so i installed it again , and in the app settings i clicked the check-box where it says " do not install playstore updates , " and uninstalled the freedom app again . now everything was fixed ! ! ! do not install freedom app ! it messed up my phone luckily i was able to turn it back easily to the state it was before .
i tried to reset phone , clearing cache , data but it wont work but now i have a quick solution on this issue and grey wifi becomes blue in some minutes . all you need is " rooted phone " 1 . install : root explorer grant supersu permission to root explorer mount root explorer into read/write ( r/w ) . go to system > etc > locate " hosts " file in etc folder . edit hosts file using root explorer insert the symbol # before the second set of ip address numbers then save the changes and exit . reboot your phone . . . wifi icon will be blue as you start your phone back and some apps like google play store , keep , etc will be start as normal . thanks .
@jules answered his own question : ( . . . ) there is a pairing mode to put the headphones in the first time you use them with the phone . i assume i must have done that when i first got the phone , but i have no recollection of it at all ! all working fine now , so many thanks .
i can not think of a 3rd party way to do what you want , but i can help you with the google way . first , head into gmail and then contacts . you will see in the list of groups " other contacts " . that is everyone you have ever interacted with over gmail ( not sure if gtalk or phone convos are in there as well ) . so that is where your big ugly list is coming from . you can stop google from adding more by going into settings > general > create contacts for auto-complete and turning that off . now , this big ugly google list you have , you can now either delete completely or wade through it and clean it up . it is up to you . some entries may be useful . i do not have thunderbird , but i am pretty sure it must have an export contacts to csv function . do that and try to import into google contacts . you may have to massage the formatting a little ( this may help http://support.google.com/mail/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=12119 ) if it does not import cleanly . if you have gotten this far and now have google full of contacts , you may want to try and " merge " ( more > find and merge duplicates ) to see if anyone you just imported also had an entry in other contacts like a secondary email for example . so now that you have got your list on google 's server it will show up automatically on your android phone , any other android device youre logged into , as well as gmail in the browser . gmail exports contacts out to csv as well . so you could potentially keep swapping csvs back and forth from thunderbird to gmail and back to keep them in sync , but that sounds like a bit of a hassle .
i have changed setup> mydevice> homescreenmode from easy mode to standard mode , and lock screen swipe options came alive . i hope this helps .
the apk file is also generated in the bin folder of the project after running the app at least once . i have copied the apk file from the bin folder and installed it successfully on three different phones without any problem both copying directly on phone memory or sending it via email .
do you already have the application installed on your phone ( installed via eclipse ) ? if so i expect the exported apk is signed with a different key to the version already on your phone . android will not allow you to ' update ' an app if the signing key is different . un-install the app and try installing the apk again . if it still fails it may be that the exported app is corrupt in some way .
you can try installing the apk without your sd card . sometimes , the sd card causes that problem .
you can use blocking mode . a feature in the samsung touchwiz devices ( i believe made available in 4.0 ) . settings -> blocking mode enable blocking mode uncheck " disable incoming calls " set the time that blocking mode should be enabled sleep until the phone rings if you still want to actually receive the notifications for email and text messages you can do the following : go to settings -> sound select volume turn up ringtone turn down all the others while these are not " one touch " , you can do the second one right from the home screen . just hit the volume button hit the button to expand the volume controls adjust the volume of all the settings
you can do this easily by using timeriffic . all you have to do is setup a new time triggered task . at the set time , you can make the notification volume to zero . after the set time you can make it change the volume back to normal level i suppose you want to mute the notification sounds rather than disabling them .
i came from blackberry too and i have used the quick profiles app on my atrix for exactly this purpose , and you can create multiple profiles . to allow phone calls to come through at night while muting all else . it is free and offers a lot of flexibility ( e . g . , settings such as screen time-out , brightness , etc . )
if you did not change anything on your phone and it is still under warranty ( you said less than 12 months ) , the easiest solution would be to take your phone to a samsung service center . they might change your battery for free .
2 possible causes : faulty battery usb port defect both of these are hardware problems . to be frank , battery charging problems seldom have to do with software defects , so the best thing is to send it to the nearest samsung service centre and get it fixed , or maybe even a replacement .
sometimes my computer does the same thing , though it does not come up too often . in those cases , i try plugging the device into a different usb port . usually it fixes the problem ( though the first port is still ' disabled ' for that particular device until i reboot ) .
you should see them . this is what i see . the first picture if the menu you should be clocking :
i had a similar , if not exactly the same , situation . in my case , in the limited settings menu there was an item labelled " google account " which listed multiple accounts . as soon as i chose one of those accounts all of the normal settings menu items appeared .
in ics and jb , a menu item exists which you can use to disable mobile data . go to settings , then in the wireless and networks section , touch more . . . . next , touch mobile networks . finally , you can touch data enabled to enable/disable mobile data . if you need more fine grained control over the mobile radio , many android phones have secret menus which , among other things , allow you to control the mobile radio , e.g. you can switch it between 4g lte , 3g , evdo/1xrtt or just turn it off . in some circumstances , if you merely need to simulate a total loss of connectivity , you can simply enable airplane ( offline ) mode . ( but this takes down wi-fi as well , so may not work for you . )
try those electrostatic-proof bags like you get hard disks in - you can press buttons too . need more attenuation ? put it in more bags . go walk testing around the office . if you put it in airplane mode or the other ' tricks ' suggested - the mobile signals a detach to the network - it is a controlled clear down - not at all like driving into a tunnel . we use that to force detach/attach cycle without the long wait of rebooting the phones . usually , the only way to force an uncontrolled loss of signal is to take the battery out - not much use for app testing . engineering mode might do it - but all phones are different and may not be available . maybe the receiver can be told insert a load of attenuation or reduce gain or something . in my day job have a rf shielded box ( ramsey electronics ) with mesh gloves for manipulating the device in the controlled rf environment . . . alone it is probably not suitable for controlling the rf to the mobile alone . but then , i have direct connection to my own private mobile network with base stations , adjustable attenuators and my own sim cards and everything . . .
depending on the device there might be antenna connectors on the pcb . you could connect an external antenna to the appropriate connector though an adjustable attenuator . this would allow you to control the strength of the signal your phone would receive . still the foil would probably be much cheaper .
your phone might be connecting to the wi-fi network using a static ip ( thus knocking off whatever device is also using that same ip to connect ) , go to advanced settings on your connection and choose dhcp , that should fix it .
i also had this issue . i am using lg gt540 . when using default lg home screen , i can change the lockscreen wallpaper . but if i use any other launchers the option is not there . now what i am doing is : i will switch to lg homescreen just for changing the wallpaper and then will switch back to launcherpro . you should do something like this . i know this is not the answer you are looking for ; i am just giving you some hints .
like keshavagn , i suspect a 3rd party app behind this . but neither your nova launcher , nor whatsapp itself . to isolate the culprit , i suggest the following steps : check with e.g. appbrain ad detector ( or trustgo , which you chose ) for apps carrying ad modules . these might include your culprit – but on a second look , that is not a typical " ad network message " . anyhow , note them down . see my answer here for how to check for apps having certain permissions . as described there , it is a " full-screen ad " here as well , so the system_alert_window permission might be involved . as it happens always on closing whatsapp , also check for get_tasks ( allows an app to check which apps are running ) and get_top_activity_info ( details on the app running in foreground ) . again , make a note on matches . keep an eye on what apps are advertized . try finding them at play ( better not by clicking on the ad , but separately – though the url behind the ad might reveal more ) . if it is always the same dev behind it , check whether you have an app from him running on your device . if that is already on one of your lists from above , you most likely have found your culprit . hard to realize , but possible while on some wifi you control the router as well : if that popup is open , cut the internet connection behind your router ( i.e. . your device is still using wifi , but cannot reach the " open internet" ) . now it should not be too risky tapping the ad ( hopefully ) . i would expect it opening your browser , which now cannot resolve the page – but you should see the url in the browser 's address bar . this might help to further narrow down suspects , if it is related to any of the apps you are using . finally , check your lists created during these four steps , and watch out for matches . if there is an app on list 2+3 ( and optionally more ) , that is a pretty certain candidate . it gets even more likely if it is also on at least one of the other lists . continue as described in the answer i have linked with item #2 . if you found out the responsible app , additionally to the steps described in the other answer , it would be a good idea to report your finding here as well ; )
this may be produced by some other application such as third party launcher . check any other 3rd party apps , mainly , 3rd party launcher that you are using . uninstal/stop those launchers/apps and check .
those " analyze board " links are coded to open a popup window using javascript . your desktop browser ( using an extension ) is overriding this default behaviour it would seem , in order to open in a new tab instead . those links are not programmed in a particularly accessible way unfortunately - if you do not have javascript enabled you get nothing . under google chrome on the desktop for instance i cannot avoid opening a popup window , it simply does not work if i choose to open the link in a new tab ( i get a blank page ) . having said that , using the default browser on android 4.0 , does open a new tab when those links are clicked - i do not get a floating popup window . i would have said that the problem is a combination of the website ( not being accessible ) and of the default browser on your mobile that is unfortunately unable to deal with this situation . can popup windows be controlled in the browser settings ? in some cases you could disable javascript on the mobile to get around this , but on this website if you did that you would get nothing ! edit : you mention that you do not have much room on your device to install an additional ( full blown ) browser . have you considered perhaps opera mini ( 858kb ) or dolphin mini ( 1,014kb ) - these have a reduced storage footprint .
have you tried rooting your g1 and putting something like cyanogenmod on your phone ? cm6 is currently in release candidate status and supports 2.2 . however , you will not get all the features of 2.1+ because the g1 simply cannot do some of them ( i.e. . livewallpapers ) .
use battery monitor in settings to see what is causing the battery drain . uninstalling apps is not the solution , until you have identified that as the problem . you can either access your battery stats in settings or in notification shortcut .
diagonise apps with any antivirus or security app and see what is the reason for fast draining of battery . usually the apps which use more ram are the reasons for less backup of battery . uninstalling those unwanted apps is the solution
use one of the following ussd codes to do what you want : *#7780# Factory Reset *2767*3855# Full Factory Reset *#*#7780#*# Factory data reset  source : xda developers forum a full factory reset is also known as a hard reset . it deletes all of your user data , firmware settings , and wipes your sd card as well . factory resets do not wipe the sd card . basically , a hard reset leaves nothing but the last rom flashed . this is probably what you want . factory reset vs . hard reset
i do not have that particular model , but every android phone i have owned has had a " factory data reset " option . on my nexus s , it is under settings/privacy .
ezpdf reader is also very good , supports bookmarks , and will reopen a file wherever you closed it .
i have done a little research myself and aldiko looks excellent . i am especially looking forward to using it on a tablet .
rockplayer looks promising
a good , simple and free alternative to rockplayer i use is vplayer . http://www.cyrket.com/p/android/me.abitno.vplayer/
in order to use jit and installing froyo , search cm6 wpdn . its a cyanogenmod 6 hack where you can make all sorts of tweaks , including the ones the other guy gave you
using jit ( just in time ) compiler ( e . g . installing froyo , gingerbread , or " frozen eclair" ) will typically increase cpu-bound processes by 3-5 times . if your device use fat , rfs , or ntfs filesystem , your device might be faster by converting to ext2/ext3/ext4 filesystem . however , if you want to prolong the lifetime of your internal memory , use yaffs2 filesystem .
i found the option to arrange image size from within the email application itself ( i use stock email app of samsung s4 )
go to : Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All -&gt; Gallery  then hit " clear data " to remove your settings . note : you might also need to hit " clear cache " , and/or clear the data for your email app .
i went against the original clause in my question and used image shrink lite .
i have been experiencing this as well on the same build/phone . a user on this thread claims that m5 may be much less error prone . i have not reverted to m5 yet myself . when this error loop happens to me , i hold down the power button and try to select " reboot " between the times when i hit ok in the " unfortunately . . . " box .
i recommand you to install anysoftkeyboard ( available in android market ) , it a bloody good keybaord , by pressing 1 sec . on [ . ] key there is an additional key wit the three dots ! what i also find great in this keyboard is that you can install your country keyboard what the standard androïd keyboard does not provide . . . test it . . . you will adopt it !
it sounds like you are using the samsung keypad with " portrait keypad type " set to 3x4 keypad , and " xt9" switched off ? for starters , your device has a lot of different keyboard types pre-installed , if you switch to a different keyboard or mode , you can just press " . . . " with 3 presses on the " . " button . before i go into your other keyboard options , you can teach the phone the " . . . " sequence as a new learned " word " . go into settings -> locale and text -> samsung keypad , you should now see an option xt9 make sure that this is ticked , and then you can go into xt9 advanced settings and scroll down until you see xt9 my words press add word and type in the three dots as if they were a word and save . now when you are typing you should be able to do it as dot (wait) dot dot which is slightly faster . alternatively change your keyboard mode , go into settings -> locale and text -> samsung keypad , portrait keypad types one of your options here is qwerty keypad this keypad looks a lot like a normal computer keyboard , and you can just press dot dot dot without any need for pauses . finally you should also have the swype keyboard pre-installed on a galaxy tab , to turn this on go into settings -> locale and text -> select input method and pick swype . this looks a lot like the samsung qwerty keyboard , and you can use it the same way to do dot dot dot , it also a totally different and fast ( once you have had some practice ) way to enter words by swiping your finger across the keyboard . swype should pop up a tutorial to show you how to do this when you first switch it on .
android has built-in formatting capabilities that are usually available via Settings -&gt; Storage -&gt; Format SD card ( or something similar depending on the device you use ) .
summing up from the comments : with busybox , android provides tools for formatting from the command line . in your case , this would be /system/sbin/mkfs.vfat . this is reported to sometimes throw an error like : mkfs.vfat: lseek: Value too large for defined data type  according to this xda thread , this is the fault of busybox . using a different version ( as reported in post #12 of that thread ) should solve the issue -- and did it in your case , luckily .
another work around is to use yahoo mail to export your facebook friends then import them into gmail . it is not a very sustainable workaround for keeping things in sync , but would make the initial sync much easier than manually duplicating the contacts .
so far , my only work-around is to recognize a new facebook contact , navigate away from it , manually create a new completely empty contact by the same name , link the two , then begin duplicating the data . this is cumbersome and should not be necessary .
right-click on that " samsung_android " and select Uninstall . then make sure the Delete the driver... option is checked , and click the OK button . this should clear out the old drivers from the system . now unplug the phone and try uninstalling and re-installing kies . reboot the pc and try plugging the phone in again . if you are on windows 7 64-bit , you may be able to bypass kies software by installing this driver ( remove the " samsung_android " from device manager again before installing the driver . )
you had have to go through your library , find each app that had an update , and then select to install it from the website . there is no way to batch update your apps from the web market .
stock android does not offer ability to disallow apps use of specific permissions . at install time , once you agree to accept whatever permissions the app requests - you are stuck with them unless you uninstall the app . since you are rooted , you can try using tasker to automate enabling of gps only when using certain apps like maps , and disabling it when the app exits . this way you can keep gps disabled , so that facebook and any other apps do not automatically lock in on you . also , the cyanogenmod 7.1 custom rom does have this feature . here is a step-by-step installation guide on installing it on your milestone . in cm7 , on the manage applications settings , when you tap on any app you can tap on any permission to revoke it ( it will get crossed out . ) tap it again to undo the change . keep in mind that although apps usually handle absence of internet or gps permissions gracefully , some more basic permissions ( e . g . writing/reading to/from sd card ) might cause the app to crash or become unstable .
an app like permissions denied ( requires root ) can help with that . it says it does not work on every device and rom but there are other similar apps that might if this does not do the trick for you . generally you could also unpack the apk , edit the androidmanifest . xml file to remove permissions , repack everything , and install that modified version . i am not sure if it works for signed apps ( are there encrypted apps ? ) though , i can not currently find the guide i had read to do this . it may also be against the terms of use and so on , so make sure you know and take responsibility for what you are doing : )
similar to permissions denied , mentioned by matthew is lbe privacy guard which also allows you to selectively disable permissions for apps . also good for disabling geo-tagging on your photos as well as preventing facebook and/or twitter from broadcasting your location .
very simple : ) goto settings -&gt; Personal -&gt; locations and turn off gps satellites worked for me
cm6/magic here ; my phone complains at 15% . if you are shutting down at 18 , something is wrong with your battery calibration . use your favorite recovery to wipe the battery stats , get a full charge , and then use the phone until the battery runs out . your battery life will appear to be worse , but it is really that the number is more accurate .
col , without some additional information , i can only give one real suggestion . did you install cyanogenmod correctly ? whenever installing a custom rom on a phone when coming from a stock or older / different custom rom , you need to wipe : -cache -data -dalvik cache if you go to the cyanogenmod forums , you will see this is question/step 1 in remedying any bug/glitch caused by cm . the best way to do this is to go into your phone 's settings menu , go to privacy ( or wherever htc puts it - maybe storage ) , and do a full factory reset . if you moved from stock , cm6 , or another rom to cm7 without conducting a full wipe , there is no point in attempting to troubleshoot this problem until you have . make a nandroid backup in clockworkmod , and perform a full factory reset ( whether in the settings menu or in the clockwork recovery ui ) , please . please note that i am not saying return to the stock rom , just wipe everything . if this does not work ( which i will be surprised if it does not ) , then there may be other issues .
if you have a rooted phone which i assume you do since you are on cm6 , see this post detailing how to change the font of the clock on the lock screen . basically you need to replace clocktopia . ttf in the /system/fonts folder with your desired ttf font ( remember to rename new font as clocktopia . ttf ) and reset permissions to be similar to the old file . if you are willing to use widgetlocker , there is the freeware make your clock widget beta - that will , as the name suggests , allow a user to customise and create a clock widget as per your taste . you can then use this custom created widget in conjunction with widgetlocker .
you will need to download official firmware . you can find it by searching " nexus one stock 2 . x rom " , and xda might be better than google . i would also look up how to use the android sdk to flash it , probably using flashboot through adb . i have a galaxy s which uses another tool , so i can not help with more detail without looking that up myself ; )
android tracks events that affect battery usage and stores this information in batterystats . bin file . some examples : length of time screen was on with a specific brithness setting which application ( or non android app process ) and how long held a wake lock ( prevents device from sleeping ) cpu usage per process ( android app or other process ) phone signal strength gps usage etc . android computes how much power each application or component ( e . g . screen ) uses based on configuration information included on the device by the manufacturer . not everything is measured so the statistics can be sometimes misleading , but it gets better with every android platform release . battery statistics can be dumped from the device using : adb shell dumpsys batteryinfo  here is interesting fragment of a post by diane hackborn with more details about wake locks power consumption : there are two ways power from wake locks is computed . on some chipsets , simply holding a wake lock needs to prevent the cpu from going to a full deep sleep . in the reported battery usage , this extra power use will be distributed across all apps holding wake locks . even if the wake lock itself does not cause power use , holding a wake lock in one app can allow other applications to run and cpu when they would not otherwise . ( for example , some app may have a { sleep ( 1 ) ; do something ; } loop that would not run if no wake locks are held . ) to address this , half of the cpu usage of applications is distributed to be blamed on the ones holding wake locks .
you can use a headset controller app from the playstore ( e . g . jays or philips headset or headsetbutton controller ) to use the " middle button " for that . might take a few tries to find the correct app ( if one does not work fine , try another -- i did the same and finally found one working perfectly , see my answer here ) . i am not sure if they affect the other two buttons at all , or if you even could configure them -- but they allow me ( having a headset with a single button ) to perfom all the most necessary functions like play/pause , skip , vol+ and vol- with a single button .
someone should back me up on how this works , but . . . apps you have installed are synched with your google/gmail account , and will download upon initial sign-in to your new phone . my droid just recently broke , and i was close to the upgrade time , so i got a droid 2 global . i know , of course , my contacts and calendar are synched with my google account , however so were my apps . the verizon rep did not touch my old phone , yet all my apps began downloading as soon as i signed in for the first time . also , to my surprise , my cyanogen background also showed up ( i was running cyanogenmod 6 when my original droid died ) . so , in theory , this should also work for you . verizon uses a proprietary tool called backupassistant that normally takes care of synching most things on your phone , but i specifically deleted it as i do not want my info backed up to verizon . i believe the app sync is built into your google account .
yes you can . there are a number of utilities around to do backup and restore , as well as other options . i recently moved from the htc magic to the desire hd . the way i did it was to use a free appbrain account . this has a few advantages , in my opinion : you can search for , read about and tag for installation , applications , on your computer , with a larger screen/keyboard etc . you can organise apps into groups if you have multiple android devices . you can share your apps with other people . you can check out appbrain at http://www.appbrain.com/ if you just want straight backup and restore , titanium backup , as mentioned by others , is a good choice . ( http://www.matrixrewriter.com/android/ ) you can also find both of them in the android market .
matt has a first-hand experience with accidentally having google backup all his applications : cancel all market updates/downloads at once
if you are getting another of the same phone running the same firmware then you should be able to use titanium backup , pull the backup to your computer , get the new phone , install ti backup , replace the backup files from your computer , and then run batch restore of your apps . i have not done this before , hopefully others will have more input .
the only issue with titanium backup is that your phone needs to be rooted . if it is not rooted and you are not prepared to root the device , then a suitable alternative would be to use my backup pro : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rerware.android.mybackupprohl=en http://www.rerware.com/
yep . firstly , unless you have downloaded pirate apps ( by which i mean you have downloaded each and every app through the play store ) , the downloaded apps will be in your ' purchase history ' for the google account ( does not matter whether you have actually spent money on the app or got it for free ) . when you undergo initial setup on a new android device and after entering your email address , you are normally given a choice to download all your previous ' purchased apps ' . however , just to be on the safe side , you should make a backup of all your existing apps through a backup utility ( dozens of them on the play store ) . this has the additional advantage that ( depending on the utility ) you may also get all your old app data too . if you use the first method ( the one with the initial setup and email address ) , there is a probability ( depending on your sync settings and the apps ' readiness to backup to google ) that your old app data will not be available to you .
go to Settings -&gt; Developer options and under the " debugging " section tap on the Revoke USB debugging authorizations option . keep in mind that it will remove all of the devices you are authorized , and you will need to re-authorize them again .
you can backup data in an app 's /data/data/&lt;packagename&gt; folder by using android 's backup function . adb backup -noapk com.app.packagename  you will now be prompted to ' unlock your device and confirm the backup operation ' . the resulting ' backup . ab ' file on your computer contains all the app 's data in android backup format . use adb restore backup.db  to restore the backup .
my answer here for a similar question points to the missed reminder app which appears to have an adjustable led interval setting . hope it helps .
i am pretty sure i have only seen this feature on rooted android phones running custom roms . i have seen it on some custom roms in the ' messaging ' app , but never as a general system-wide setting . i am going to say that no , this is not possible right now , at least on stock android .
i am developing an open-source app called electricsleep , and it will eventually have this sort of functionality . it is getting close to going into beta . project website : http://code.google.com/p/electricsleep/
there is sleep bot tracker log and sleep logger . they do not seem to directly connect to google health , but they let you export data ( one does csv , the other does not specify ) .
this website has some audio hacks for some phones ( looks like htc phones ) . also it may not work on android 2.1+ . you have to rooted to use this .
first , killing background processes will do nothing ; they will just be restarted . instead , focus on apps . you could use an app like titanium backup ( requiees root ) to " freeze " an app , and see if the problem stops . if it does you know what app is the problem . then uninstall it , or turn off background sync for it or something if that might be the problem . tb can uninstall system apps , but be careful which ones . i had this problem when i had sipdroid installed -- every time its connection dropped and came back up , it would turn on the screen .
free space here you must distinguish between the several partitions : /system: this is mounted read-only in normal mode , and the place where " the system " is installed ( android core apps plus most of the pre-installed " bloatware" ) . no matter if it shows "220 mb available " , as a normal user cannot make any use of that " free space " internal storage ( /data ) : this is where the user installs his apps , and where all the user data reside . most crucial part , and the place where your report states "11 mb free " -- which most likely will trigger the " insufficient memory " error , see insufficient-memory ) . to free up space here , you can do things like . . . uninstall apps you once installed but no longer need ( most efficient part ) move apps to sdcard ( see app2sd ) . apps must explicitly support this ( though there are root-methods to enforce the others , it might have side-effects ) . still , parts of those apps will remain here -- unless using things like link2sd . cleanup cache ( only temporarily helps , as cache will fillup again ) internal sdcard : some devices ( not all ) offer this as additional storage . app2sd may move apps to this place . aside from that , you can store files here ( documents , media files , etc . ) external sdcard : no need to explain this one , right ? unless you really know what you are doing , you should not manually change the partitioning ( e . g . to move some free space from /system to /data ) . you might break things , especially future updates ( where the android system may need more space than it currently does ) . sdcard just a short note on that . while one should no longer " save money " buying anything below class-4 , additional money for class-10 might be " wasted " . my recommendation is to go for class-6 as the best compromise between speed and spent money . compare the specs for read speed and write speed between class-6 and class-10 when in doubt . if you still want to go for class-10 , make sure your device supports it . swap controversely discussed nowadays . depends very much on how much ( physical ) ram you have available in your device , and what kind of apps you use . i tend to say with recent hardware and a recent android version ( 2.3 and higher ) there is no need to go for swap . the android system does a good job on handling memory , and if your device has 1 gb ( or more ) ram available , i do not see where swap would improve performance . but as said , that also might depend on what apps you are using . also for your question concerning swapper : keep in mind that swap only creates " temporary data " . so with " swap broken " , you could simply de-activate it without losing data ( as it holds no permanent data ) . partitioning as said above , i do not recommend to touch this yourself unless you are really experienced with it . rather leave it to the " experts " . especially i would never make the /system partition smaller , for given reasons : you might encounter problems with future updates -- not only with newer android versions , but also with different roms , as different roms also go with different selections of pre-installed apps . file system types i cannot imagine any tutorial recommending fat32 for /data -- you must have misread that . i even doubt fat32 would work here , as it imho does not allow for the unix permissions to be supported and required by /data . however , fat32 is recommended for the " data part " of the sdcard , for compatibility reasons : it is the file system readable by most operating systems . the " app partition " usually is /data , and many roms use ext4 here ( some older ones might still use yaffs2 instead ) . but coming to that point , i am pretty sure you misunderstood the " targets " -- and " app partition " versus " data partition " is referring to the sdcard , which brings us to the last point of your question : partitioning the sdcard this is usually not required but optional , and makes only sense in combination with either app2sd+ or link2sd to move apps out of the " internal storage " ( see above ) to gain free space in that most crucial place . it might need a little additional information : some apps support app2sd to move larger parts to the sdcard . however , with usb mass storage ( ums ) , when you connect your device via usb to a computer the entire sdcard would be " moved " there , and apps as well as data residing on it become " inaccessible " to the device itself . this is one of the reasons some apps will not support app2sd -- especially when providing widgets and/or services . several approaches exist to circumvent this problem : app2sd+ / link2sd use a second partition on the sdcard . android would only " give away " the first partition of the sdcard via ums , so this second partition remains untouched , and its data/apps/ . . . stay available to the device switching away from ums and using mtp ( media transfer protocol ) instead , the card is no longer offered to the pc " as a whole " ( i.e. . including physical access ) , but in a logical way the computer is permitted to access files on it . so even while mounted via mtp , the device has full access to the card . this is what recent android versions do -- though some users might have a hard time to get it working with their os 's where it is not always supported " out-of-the-box " . conclusion : if you want to stay with ums , a second partition on your sdcard might prove useful . switching to mtp instead , there is no need for that anymore , unless you want to use app2sd+/link2sd for other reasons ( e . g . not only move the apps , but also their data/dalvik cache ) .
some people have found work arounds for this problem . i have not tried myself but it looks like there are 2 ways it can be done . here is the linkhttp://www.androidtablets.net/forum/allwinner-a10-based/47980-can-anyone-help-me.html
once you have an active google account , which you can create here https://accounts.google.com/signup?continue=https%3a%2f%2fwww.google.com%2fhl=en on your android ics device , go to : settings> accounts> add account you will see many options from which you can choose , among them google . generally you can add an account by running a google app , such as reader , play or gmail , and it will ask you to sign in with your google account .
i have a d2pad as well and i am successfully using google+ . like mike c said , go to settings> accounts and sync> add account ( top right corner ) . there will be 4 options to choose from . corporate/dropbox/email/google . tap google and sign in to your google account . now that you setup your google account , open 1mobile market search and download and install google+ . hope this helps
it looks like your device is not approved by google , so sadly , you can not officially get google apps for it . it also seems to be a pretty unknown tablet from an unknown manufacturer , so there is not a community around it who might have unofficial versions . however , if the tablet is just a rebadged version of something more popular ( like many of these tablets are ) , this program might help you identify the actual manufacturer and get help that way .
i am afraid the hardware you have bought is not an official android device , and so will not have google account options available to you . i will try and find a work around for you .
yes , i have had a windows 8 phone crash and switch off with extreme frequency- got new sim card issued by supplier and phone now totally reliable . it is the simplest thing to check and it does not require you to do the whole backup and restore thing .
perhaps it could but not in this case . i am going to go with faulty hardware and here 's why . i have tried the following : action . . . . rationale full reset . . . installed too many apps and corrupted os ? full reset and reformat memory card . . . corrupt file system on mem card ? full reset and do not use a memory card . . . defective mem card ? new sim card . . . bad sim ? full reset + new google account . . . bad data in google account ? full reset + original google account but do not activate any location awareness . . . suspect gps issue in each case i can get the phone to fail in 5-45 minutes and usually within 20m as long as i am tranferring some data via 3g ( youtube , downloads etc ) . so , since i have swapped out everything except the physical phone hardware the problem must lay in the device itself . glad there is a manufacturer 's warranty
from what i know ( and by no means am i an expert on rooting ) the phone with the red triangle is the standard htc recovery mode , not the clockworkmod recovery . so my guess is that your rooting method is not working correctly . so , what method are you using and is your desire branded / locked to a network ? when i rooted my desire a few weeks back , i struggled to get clockworkmod installed - i was using the unrevoked method . i ended up having to factory reset the device to be able to install it , which is always an option , but you will lose all your saved date ( i am having to replay all the angry birds levels ) .
a little late for this . wildfire is now rootable . i did it on mine a couple of days ago . i have cyanogenmod running . i followed the instructions in this site you basically first use alpharev to unlock the s-off mode and then you install clockwork recovery to backup and then unrevocked to root .
if you are using a wireless router , what is the brand and model ? your device should be able to connect to the router regardless if you have internet or not . unless the wireless network was disabled instead of the internet connection . cheers .
got it - went to wifi-> advanced-> unchecked " auto network switch . " it seems to be something specific to samsung phones with android 4.3: see here
on my desire with insertcoin 1.1.0 ( cm7 + sense ) the " smart scroll " feature is only active on the scroller for specifying the appointment time in the calendar .
try second way to enter recovery : shut down the phone . press "-" key and push power button . in appeared menu select Recovery item with volume control buttons . maybe it can help .
try pressing the trackball instead of the power button .
you can find an original kernel on sam mobile as @sil suggested . i am using an original orange rom for my samsung galaxy s2 . this website has original roms for all samsung smartphones so i guess you just have to trust them , being one of the most used websites for this kind of content . about the installation , if it fails , which it should not , you can just try installing the rom again and if it still fails then you can re-install your current rom . you can try backing up your settings files using titanium backup .
i was not able to find the stock kernel for this device . instead , i tried siyah 5.0.1 http://www.gokhanmoral.com/?p=1536 . i flashed it with odin . camera works ! will see if rest of phone still works as before .
have you tried this site ? sammobile just select the right country and mobile operator .
download and install toshiba bluetooth stack ( do not forget to reboot ) right click toshiba bluetooth icon in the system tray and choose " option " turn on " pan " service and " dhcp " option . open terminal ( press win+r , then entering cmd ) . go to the toshiba installation folder ( similar to this ) : cd "c:\Program Files (x86)\Toshiba\Bluetooth Toshiba Stack" and rerun the pan service by entering : TosBtPSS.exe /END TosBtPSS.exe /NAP then you can share the internet by using ics , bridge network or 3rd party nat in windows such as nat32 . i also wrote a bluetooth reverse tethering tutorial .
requirements : rooted android device with " usb tethering " capability . windows pc with a working internet connection . usb cable to connect your android to your pc . terminal emulator on your android . if you do not want to type commands on your touchscreen with terminal emulator , you can use your pc keyboard to enter commands with " adb shell " . adb is a part of android sdk which is available for download from google . to use adb , you need to enable " usb debugging " on your android . optional , busybox on your android . step 1 : connect your android to pc by usb cable and enable USB tethering windows will automatically search windows update and install driver for you . you can skip windows update search and install manually an already included driver from microsoft . in install driver window , click Browse My Computer, then Let me pick... , select Network Adapters , uncheck Show Compatible Hardware , look at Microsoft Corporation at the left column choose Remote NDIS Compatible Device from the right column . you can also install or update a driver from device manager in windows . step 2: open Network Connections in Control Panel . right click on an internet connection that you have . select Properties . in tab Sharing ( or Advanced for windows xp ) , click Allow other network users to connect through... , then select the usb connection in dropdown list below . click ok . windows will automatically setup your usb network connection and assign to it an ip address , default for windows 7: 192.168.137.1 , default for windows xp : 192.168.0.1 . you can see your internet connection is now " shared " and your usb connection is now Unidentified network . your pc setup is now done ! step 3: open terminal emulator on your android . type : su netcfg rndis0 dhcp  ( the name for usb interface inside android may vary . it is usually rndis0 or usb0 . type busybox ifconfigto identify the name . when automatical dhcp method does not work . type : if route fails , try : busybox route add default gw 192.168.137.1 (192.168.0.1 for Windows XP) dev rndis0 dev rndis0  some applications ( download in google play , gmail , facebook . . . ) do not recognize internet connection . you can try this way enable temporarily 3g connection on your android and type ifconfig rmnet0 0.0.0.0  ( the name for 3g interface inside android may vary : ppp0 , rmnet0 . . . type busybox ifconfig to identify name ) source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2287494
you can certainly do this . try wifi hotspot creator . if you use linux look at this article . sorry for the long link . i am using the mobile version of my site . there should be a view classic desktop version of the site . basically it takes your ethernet-connected laptop and turns it into a wireless hotspot router . this is not the ad-hoc method , it is actually hotspot . android cannot connect to ad-hoc networks due to their configuration . the real ways i have suggested also work for android . http://www.gymforgeeks.net/apps/blog/show/41086916-make-ubuntu-a-wireless-hotspot-not-ad-hoc-
there is no setting for this as i am sure you know . the only way l see this working is if you potentially write an app to capture all volume button changes and then act on the changes from within the app . you could potentially use registermediabuttoneventreceiver to register your app as a broadcastreceiver for all media button calls . i say potentially because i am not 100% sure if this broadcastreceiver will handle these intents since i am purely looking at documentation and have not actually tried this myself .
pansi sms supports inbox-style sms . in step 2 of the setup wizard , you will be asked to choose either : conversations message box - this is what you want
there is an xposed module that does this , it is called activityforcenewtask . assuming you are rooted , install the xposed installer , install the framework from within the app , reboot , download the module , enable it , reboot again .
go into your wi-fi settings . long press on the networks that you do not want to automatically connect to and tap ' forget ' .
you could try wi-fi ruler . with wi-fi ruler you can set up which access points you want to automatically connect to and which ones to ignore . this might be good if you want to remember the settings ( just in case you want to connect again ) but still avoid connecting to the ap .
i suggest that when you disconnect to a wifi network , you also forget it . it will not connect to a wifi network that you have not explicitly connected to in the past , so as long as you forget the wifi network , it will not connect . i regularly find myself doing this , although i rarely turn my wifi on .
the best and simplest idea in the long run would be to get a wireless broadband router that also supports ethernet ( wired networking ) . your pc can still use cables and your android phone just connects to it using wi-fi . without a wi-fi router you still have a few more options that work with windows , as long as your pc has wi-fi ( which you can get using a simple usb network card that costs less than 20 usd ) . in this case you have a few options ( in order of recommendation ) : use software to turn your pc into a wifi router that shares it is internet connection . instructions are available here . setup an ad-hoc network with windows and then root your android phone to enable it to see ad-hoc networks using the instructions found here . use wi-fi direct which is a new protocol that'll work with android 4.0 and windows 8 ( not very helpful , i know ) .
from everything i have read about this topic , it is possible to do on a linux machine , but not with a windows machine . this could be because of something with adb on windows , or the usb drivers for windows . here is the info ( note that this reference was done with a nexus one ) : requirements : android 2.2 ( or an older version with a root tethering app ) adb from android sdk , or a rooted android 2.2 with terminal in root mode step 1: device : connect usb cable and activate usb tethering . you should see on linux new network interface . step 2: on linux computer , setup a bridge : usb0 is the new network intreface eth0 is the main interface connected to internet ( or a gateway ) $ sudo ifconfig eth0 0.0.0.0 $ sudo ifconfig usb0 0.0.0.0 $ sudo brctl addbr br0 $ sudo brctl addif br0 eth0 $ sudo brctl addif br0 usb0 $ sudo ifconfig br0 up $ sudo dhclient br0 see network connection bridge help to setup bridges step 3: setup usb0 interface of your phone . you have to options : from your computer , execute : . /adb shell netcfg usb0 dhcp or in a root terminal on your phone , type : su netcfg usb0 dhcp you should now be able to connect to internet on your phone using your computer 's internet connection . try to do a ping www.google.com to be sure step 4: to shut down the reverse-tethering , first unbridge interfaces on your computer : $ sudo ifconfig eth0 down $ sudo ifconfig usb0 down $ sudo ifconfig br0 down $ sudo brctl delbr br0 $ sudo ifconfig eth0 up $ sudo dhclient eth0  then on your phone , uncheck the usb tethering option
shark/sharkreader in market ( tcpdump frontend )
the easy way : restart your phone in recovery mode , than mount system . now you can push your file without a problem .
how to solve : “failed to push selection : out of memory” while creating new android virtual device ( avd ) . . on sd card tab type some value ( 100 ) in mb . really , it works for me ! !
launch the emulator from the command line so that you can specify a /system partition size using the -partition-size &lt;MB&gt; option . for example , i use this to launch an emulator running android 1.6 with a /system partition of 512 mb : emulator -avd Donut -partition-size 512  . . . where " donut " is whatever you named your avd ( you can check in eclipse 's avd manager if you need to ) . the emulator binary should be in your tools/ directory within your sdk install , which for you appears to be C:\android\android-sdk-windows\tools , so be sure you cd into that directory first ( or add it to your system 's %Path% ) . eclipse may not pick up the emulator right away , or it may recognize it and then drop the connection . if either of those happens , click the view menu on the devices tab ( the little arrow next to the minimize button ) and select " reset adb " to get the connection back . once it shows up in your devices , do what you were trying to do earlier . run adb remount to get the /system partition in read-write mode , then use eclipse to push the file wherever you want . i tested with a couple of random files a minute ago and was able to push them to /system/xbin without any trouble . for reference , here 's the partition size and use of /system on my donut emulator when i specify a 512 mb partition : &gt; adb shell df ... /system: 508416K total, 61332K used, 447084K available (block size 4096) ...  but here 's how it looks if i launch without specifying a size : &gt; adb shell df ... /system: 65536K total, 61204K used, 4332K available (block size 4096) ...  additionally , you can set command line options in your application 's run configuration via eclipse if you want to . go into your java perspective , then select Run-&gt;Run Configurations from the menu bar . select your application in the left pane , and then pick the " target " tab . at the bottom is a text box labeled " additional emulator command line options " , and you can add -partition-size &lt;MBs&gt; to that text box so that the emulator launched when you run your application will have a larger /system partition . note : you may have to add also -no-snapstorage or other options , to disable loading the existing snaphot , to the command line . it did not work without it for me .
there is an app called foxfi that lets you tether your phone 's internet over bluetooth or wifi . there is no need for adb etc . it is compatible with jellybean because i use it too here is the link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.foxfi
if you have root on your phone , you can use wifi tether for root users . i have a droid4 with jellybean and got it working after installing the latest version . for my droid4 , the following settings worked : device-profile : generic ics/jb ( wlan1 ) setup-method : netd-ndc ( master )
you could trigger that using tasker : wifi tether : turn on sharing of the device 's internet connection via wifi . you just need to pick a fitting trigger -- i picked file events for this example : condition : file events task : wifi tether so with that set up ( specifying the parameters of course ) , you should be able to trigger your wifi hotspot ( aka " wifi tether " , as the tasker manual names it ) by placing a file -- and trigger it off again by removing the file . did not try that myself -- but that is how i understand it : )
i browsed a bit on android market and then i pushed another file from the zip downloaded . it is named MarketUpdater.apk . that is what updates the market to play store ! tried starting from scratch and pushed market updater too ! so it was play store right when it sat in .
you can use adb push/pull , it is command line based but working well . you can search using an adb shell .
go to settings > location > mode and select high accuracy . this will ensure that the gps is used for location .
go to settings > accouts and choose skype/whatsapp > then search for each one how do you remove the sync contacts . after this your contacts list should update not showing skype/whatsapp data . as for the call using skype , you should have the option to choose phone and click use always . this is very phone dependent , so if you cannot find this options , tell us more about your phone and android version .
go to your contacts app and hit the menu key - choose ' contacts to display ' - you can choose to display contacts from a single app source or click on customized list and it is setting button to choose which app sources to show contact data from and which ones to ignore .
the following may work : download an app called sms backup+ from play which backs up texts to gmail . from there , it should be simple enough to forward .
in my experience the division of texts like this has more to do with the carrier . for instance , i am on t-mo . . and texts i get from other t-mo users are never split . this is not a limitation of the device so much as it is a limitation with simplemessagesyntax
the next day , when i powered up my tab 3 , it just worked .
you may be talking about button savior , but even if not , this app allows you to trigger click on your phone buttons : relevant features with or without root simulates : home key power key volume key camera key call key
beware : the instructions are for clean installing an os . that means all your data will be permanently lost . if your phone was previously rooted it will be brought back to an unrooted state ( whether you want it or not ) . please , remember to make backups of any important data on your phone . it will be lost . 1 . turning on usb debuging turn on usb debugging on your device : go to system settings / developer options and check " usb debugging " . 2 . fastboot you will need the fastboot tool . it is an official google command line tool intended for developers . you can follow the official instructions for installing the tool , but they are pretty complicated . if you are on mac os x or linux you should probably do what i have done and use the adb-fastboot-install open source tool . just download it , unzip it and use one of the following command line instructions ( depending on your operating system ) : sh ADB-Install-Mac.sh  or sh ADB-Install-Linux.sh  obviously while doing that you need to be inside the directory containing those files . there are plenty of instructions on how to install fastboot on windows ( for example this one ) . see also user17512 's answer for an alternative method for windows users . 3 . going to device 's fastboot mode you need to connect the device to your computer using a usb cable and then access your device 's fastboot mode : on nexus s : turn off your phone . press and hold volume up , then press and hold power . on galaxy nexus , nexus 5 and nexus 10 : turn off your phone . press and hold both volume up and volume down , then press and hold power . on nexus 4 and nexus 7 : turn off your device . press and hold volume down , then press and hold power . 4 . unlocking the bootloader execute the following command on your computer : fastboot oem unlock  note : this step will remove all your data from the device . 5 . downloading the factory image download the factory image for your particular device and your desired android version directly from google . 6 . installing the system unpack the archive ( if you are on windows you will probably need to download additional software for unpacking . tar . gz files . 7-zip will do the job . mac and linux users have all the required software installed already ) . go inside the newly unarchived directory and execute the following command : ./flash-all.sh  note : this will wipe all data from your device after some time your device should reboot and boot to your newly installed operating system : ) 7 . relocking your bootloader this step is not strictly necessary , but it is a good idea for security reasons . reboot to the fastboot mode again ( see step 2 above ) and execute the following command on your computer : fastboot oem lock  this worked great for me , i hope it will be helpful to other people : )
if you have windows , the excellent nexus root toolkit will automate the process that was given here into a one click ' flash to stock and unroot ' plus an additional option to oem lock afterwards . of course it will unlock and root just as easily and other advanced features . you can get it at : http://www.wugfresh.com/dev/nexus-root-toolkit/
it sounds like something got corrupted on your phone . could be a recently installed app . i would recommend resetting the phone to factory settings via recovery console : turn off the phone . turn the phone on , and as soon as you see the motorola " m " logo , press and hold the vol down button . once in recovery console , navigate to the option to factory reset the phone . keep in mind that the factory reset will remove your account , any installed apps and customizations .
i know the question is old , but i tried to find a solution here and on those android forums . none seemed to work . creating a link to /dev/null on . thumbnails solved the problem and now seems so obvious : connect your phone to your computer find the huge dcim/ . thumbnails folder and delete it create a link to /dev/null as root with the folder 's name : $ sudo ln -s /dev/null . thumbnails this avoids the folder to get created again . i did not notice anything going wrong in my device , not even with thumbnails on whatsapp or quickpic .
give your videos and images file names that start with . , like .video . then no thumbnails will be created in your dcim folder . another solution is to disable your gallery app for you app list in your settings .
this happens when you load many images at one time through third party applications like whats'app or pixlrxperss . the only known solution till now is replacing the . thumbnail file with a small . thumbnail file of same name . there might be utmost 2 such files you might have to replace everytime .
there is no need to do anything here , since these files , despite reporting massive sizes , actually use very little space , as they are so called " sparse files " . i left more details on the android ticket about this issue : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=39546#c79 ﻿
by googling i have found references to a bug in ics that may be causing this problem . following advice here i have : deleted the thumbdata file ( in dcim/ . thumbnails ) in settings-> applications-> all-> gallery : cleared data ( only a few mb ) , ( i would also have cleared the cache if there was anything there ) , then " force stop " in settings-> applications-> all-> media storage : cleared data ( only about 30mb ) , ( i would also have cleared the cache if there was anything there ) , then " force stop " restarted the phone when i next ran the camera app it was unresponsive for a long time , perhaps 20 to 30 minutes , presumably while it was re-scanning media files . after waiting for this to complete things now seem to be ok : camera , gallery and quickpic all seem to work thumbdata4 seems to have settled at about 500mb ( still surprisingly large , but manageable ) .
the only way is to remove the gallery app and install another app . quickpic is a replacement application that that does not build any thumbnails and is fast and efficient . the answer given by andión also works . note that you have to disable features among various apps to prevent stacking up . in x-plore file manager , disable the " show media files " and it wont generate thumbnails . lastly add some .nomedia files in the image folder you do not normally reach .
firstly delete . thumbnails folder from dcim folder then in dcim folder create file with name ' . thumbnails ' note - create a file not folder . if u dont have file manager then download es file manager from play store for free you are done
i have just found the google play services on the play store , here . try opening this link on a desktop webbrowser and login into your google account , then your tablet must be registered to your account , right ? if it has any restrictions , the restriction will be shown to you when you try to hit install .
you can do that with titanium backup pro 's Market Auto Updates\u2026 feature .
as you might already know . . . this feature finally comes in-built with play store v4.3.10 . see this .
go to the desired app , touch the 3-dotted menu button and check auto-update for that app .
i also have the same issue on an 7" astro+ - but also there is no " people " ( contacts ) app - although it shows in settings on the apps list , is cannot be found as an icon anywhere . . . anyone else got this as well ?
here is a solution ! you need to enable screen pin/password lock . it will disable the physical keyboard in sleep mode . : )
i now have the same issue using a 7" sumvison astro+ after updating the firmware to the manufactures latest ics listed version . from what i can tell this issue has been introduced as it was not present when i first received the tablet with the original firmware . the details the device lists are android version 4.0.3 build version 9f2-d1-h2-h01-2102.20120515 baseband version 1.1 kernel version 3.0.8+ the release notes list nothing but stability improvements so no clues as to what has been tinkered with . generally the update was successful a wi-fi issue i had with streaming music has been cleared and the devices has had it is default cpu speed bumped up which makes it feel snappier , if this keyboard issue was not there it would be perfect .
please follow the following : Menu - Settings - Apps - Running  and check out which apps are consuming more space in your android device .
though they are not necessarily linked , to find ram usage : Menu/App Drawer &gt; Settings &gt; Apps &gt; Running  some apps listed in this section might not be important but drain lot of battery over time . try to uninstall suspicious apps one at a time and figure out the effect on battery life . find alternatives to apps which are eating up lot of resources , if possible . you could also use an app ( such as avg anti-virus ) to stay safe from malicious apps and have a control on various factors which could contribute to battery drain , such as gps , wi-fi , screen brightness etc . . .
i am assuming you mean your photos/music etc . that are stored on the ' sdcard ' ( even though it may not be an actual sd card ) . if so there are a number of apps that can do this . i personally use foldersync ( there is a lite version with some limitations ) others include cheetah sync and syncme wireless but i have not used these so can not comment on how good they are .
try bittorent sync . its the best i have ever used . after all its torrent .
you can install " log collector " from the android market , it is free . it can email the logcat to an email address . i am not sure whether the log clears or not if there is a reboot though . you should be able to see something in there regardless .
android has a built-in drm framework from multiple companies aligned under the open mobile alliance . your phone is bloated with : widevine drm framework microsoft dx drm framework open mobile alliance drm framework
paid apps are tied to an google account . but this is because of the google framework and not because of android . no one needs to " remove drm from android " because there is no drm within android . only support for it . if you install free ( as in beer ) apps , everyone can use them . there is only one imitative that goes one step further then being drm-less : android foss apps @ http://f-droid.org/
strictly speaking , you do not have to use google 's services if you do not want to . newer android os versions ( 2.3 and above , if i am not mistaken ) allow you to bypass the initial sign-in with a gmail/google account . you lose the synchronization with google 's services , but otherwise the phone will be functional . you can then use other services ( e . g . amazon , getjar , slideme , etc . ) or simply side-load apps directly to your device if you can get them from other sources .
there is an alternative to the aosp/cm which frees you of any closed source versions of android along with @chahk 's answer called replicant . and it incorporates f-droid into it as in , free open source software without drm . it would be quite easy to port to a device that has a known working cyanogenmod device tree for the said device in question .
the problem is not the strength , but the direction . at least my nexus 4 makes no noise if it vibrates while lying flat on the table . lay it on the side , and it will wake the dead . the axis of rotation should be paralell to the screen , not perpendicular . no amount of software will fix this hardware/design error .
this is the minimum specs for ics : minimum chipset : armv7 and upwards , snapdragon s2 and greater , preferably . ( msm 7225 , 7625 , 7227 , 7627 - forget those chipsets as they are armv6 ) minimum ram is 512mb , ics is bigger than gingerbread rom , we are talking stock rom , ( gb weighs around 65mb , ics weighs in around 120mb ) , then again rom modders have somewhat trimmed down ics to about 90mb ) the crucial thing to remember is this , if your /system partition is small ( i define small as around 120-140mb ) then ics is going to have a hard time running in that storage space . at the bare minimum , the /system partition would be ideally 200mb to cater and give breathing space for ics .
how much more /data space does ics need in comparison to gb ? easy answer : the same . 3rd party installed apps need as much storage on both gb and ics and maybe ics ' internal apps need a little more storage , but that is negligible . most often it is just the user apps that grow bigger and bigger by time ( with bigger devices . it is the same with bloated websites as connection speeds grow ) . i have installed ics on all of my current devices and can say that it is not a big difference . i typically need 400-800mb with some games ( maxpayne , gta3 , etc . ) and consider myself a medium-to-power user ( with number of apps installed ) . so i guess , you need around 80-100mb for the minimal stuff ( maybe less ) and on top of this all that you want to install . i think the comfort zone starts at 250mb if you move apps to the sdcard and 500-750mb if you will not .
you should ensure that you dismount or " eject " the storage from your pc before turning off storage sharing from your device or disconnecting it . the pc may not flush all writes and properly close resources until you do that , leaving the device storage in a bad state . in windows , you can right-click the drive in windows explorer and choose " eject " or do the same from the safely remove hardware icon near the clock on the start bar : http://windows.microsoft.com/en-ca/windows7/safely-remove-devices-from-your-computer as i noted in chat , android has also been pretty finicky with homescreen shortcuts ( my sgs loses all shortcuts to apps on the sd card upon reboot , for example ) . it could be that you are seeing the same thing here , and the apps are not really being deleted .
unless your launcher specifically supports it then no . some launchers allow you to easily uninstall by long clicking and then dragging to an uninstall option , some require you to do it all manually . you may wish to search for alternate launchers from google play if you really want to be able to do this .
yes , drag it to the trash can but hover there a few extra seconds . * you should then get prompted to answer ' are you sure you want to remove this app ? ' also , if the app cannot be deleted because it came pre-installed , then this will just remove its shortcut . this is dependent upon the launcher .
my guess would be that the battery calibration data got lost . probably through the crash .
this button is normally greyed out when there are not any defaults set ( and possibly when there are no other applications to change the defaults to ) . if you install another voice recording app , you should be asked which you want to use the next time a voice recording event is triggered . this normally does not get triggered when you start up the voice recorder manually , it has to be triggered .
on my original sgs you do it by just clicking the power button . i would assume it is the same for the sgs2 .
try flashing the recovery image manually via fastboot , as described in this guide : download the latest version of the clockworkmod recovery from here . place the clockworkmod recovery image in the same folder as fastboot ( the /tools folder with the android sdk folder ) . power the nexus s down , and hold volume up and the power button until booted into the bootloader . you should see a white screen with three skating androids . connect the nexus s to the computer via usb . on the computer , open terminal and run : fastboot flash recovery recovery-clockwork-5.0.2.0-crespo.img the clockworkmod recovery should now be installed on the nexus s .
no , there is not any such facilities yet .
i ran across this by accident , but it is exactly what i was after ! hope it helps others . https://market.android.com/account and the orders tab
from the support page do users need a google plus account to use hangouts ? no , but some features—using apps in video calls , sharing photos , and using circles to control who can reach you and how—require a google+ profile . see the following for more information : hangout video call features available with or without a google+ profile and hangouts chat vs . google talk for google app users the additional information states : although google+ provides a superior experience , it is not required for hangouts for google apps to work .
have you rooted your phone ? if so , what rom are you using ? and if you attempt to download the app again after this error , does it install then ? i have had similar problems when using custom roms whose play stores are . . obviously not working . ( i do not have enough rep to comment , so would have posted this as comment )
that is something i would say is impossible without rooting . safe mode is for the case an app goes havoc , so it must disable all user apps ( for the havoc-app to not be started , so one can uninstall it or clear its cache/data ) . which means , in order to exclude an app from being excluded ( oops ) , this app must be " converted " to be a system app ( i.e. . it must be installed on the /system partition ) -- which only is possible with root-permissions ( or if the app ships within the rom ) .
there are several ways to achieve root access on an android device -- and they differ a lot , depending on manufacturer , device , android version , and even linux kernel version running . unfortunately , devices do not ship with " root " accounts ( as we are used to from our desktops and laptops ) -- but there is no common way to " root " them . rooting is mostly done via exploits . some require adb installed and an usb-session established . others do not require adb . and again others ship as a single .apk to be copied to the device and started there ( so-called " one click root" ) . and again another method might involve a custom recovery being flashed . . . so many methods . but to explain them all in detail , this is not the right place -- while your question should be answered already , as it required only a " yes " or " no " : )
i know it is a workaround , but i frequently use selfmail , which adds itself to the pretty-much-universal " share " action . as an example , open a picture , select share , and pick it from the list .
you could create a shortcut on your home screen to your contact info . first make sure you have got an entry for yourself in your contacts with your email address ( not the " me " contact , but an extra one ) . then go into your applications screen , tap the widgets tab at the top , find either the 4x1 or 1x1 " contact " widget and add that to an empty spot on your home screen , when prompted find your contact in the list . now when you want to create a new email just tap your contact icon on the home screen , tap the email icon and it should open up a new email , with your email pre-populated in the to box .
you could just save drafts ( with gmail ) , no need to send the massage at all . or you do not need to use the " to:" header to send yourself mail at all but instead can send email to a `default-bcc field and leave the " to:" empty . k9 allows this :
not quite what you are looking for , but google voice will let you forward calls to other numbers based on time of day or defined " groups " of people that call you . essentially , it will " ring all the phones " you want it to and then you pick up on any of those phones . for example , you could have a mobile phone , a work phone , and a home phone . you could have google voice ring all three phones at once when someone dials the google voice number . also , us only .
i was looking for something similar and it is hard to find one that would work for android . however it is not so expensive to have a really good phone switchboard , you may use a very old computer with phone modem and utilized the land line , for example you can get an almost-for-free , an old pc computer from garage sales or bank or company that is in the process of updating their it systems , ( like a pentium ii or iii ) . then install either windows xp or linux along-side with a pbx server which you can download for free for both systems . sure it will take a little bit of time and patience to configure , the end result will be worth it , if done properly . a switch-board that will change a pc at your office to a desk phone . even , you can also have a intercom facility as well ( where users can call each other without using land line just over your lan - just pc to pc ) , even you can join remote branches or offices into one phone system . then you can have internal numbers like 1214 or of your own preference and choice , and share the one line over many users , and the most beautiful part is that there is no need to make new wires and getting phone sets ! search google for 3cx ( for windows ) or asterix for linux .
tunein radio has channels for bbc radio , other radio streaming apps probably have them too . tunein is a good app , the pro version even lets you record . i am not sure what other features the pro has over the lite version , but i use tunein daily .
i figured how to solve it , but first you need access to your " inner " android files ( all the system stuff ) . you just need to navigate to /data/app , find the package of the app ( or the module ) and delete it .
as those ports are closed on your router , there is no " on-phone solution " , only " on-router solutions " . you will have to open those ports on the router , use a different wifi ap , or switch to your mobile data connection . if you want to go for the " open ports on router " solution , this is beyond the scope of our site . but you are certainly welcome with that question on super user , which ( amongst others ) covers personal and home computer networking according to their help center .
as discovered here , htc have removed the link to the training option in the settings menu . however , the actual feature remains intact so i have created a quick app to access it . please note that we do not know why htc took it out , they may have had a very good reason and i could be meddling , however i have used the training feature successfully on my sensation without any negative effects and the recognition is much improved . i have put the application on google code , the download link being here ( including cr code for devices ) . please note that all use is under the mit license - hope this helps others with the same problem ! also , the option seems to have been returned to it is normal position in the menu in the following android/htc versions : Android 4.0.3 HTC Sense 3.6 Software number 3.33.401.53  viewable in settings --> about phone --> software information
go to Settings -&gt; Security -&gt; Lock screen -&gt; Improve face matching . you will need to confirm your pin , and then follow the on-screen directions to capture your face again . after each successful capture you will be placed back to the Lock screen settings menu , so just keep going into the Improve face matching section to repeat the process as many times as you wish .
one hypothesis is this : face unlock learns automatically . each time you unlock successfully , the function learns a new variation of your face image . therefore the " improve face matching " function is not needed . just keep unlocking , and your phone will get better and better at it . but be patient , because of security concerns the learning has to be slow and reluctant . this is only a hypothesis . i have asked in a google forum whether it is true or not , but got no answer .
for my linux distribution ( fedora 20 ) it is quite simple : [ pc ] run pulseaudio . ( runs automatically on fedora ) [ pc ] load module bluetooth-discovery . ( it is auto-loaded on fedora ) [ pc , android ] pair with android-phone via bluetooth . [ android ] in device 's options set the profile " use for media audio " . [ pc ] connect to the phone . [ android ] play music . ( i use google play music - it works ) [ pc ] the phone 's stream is detected as an input source - in case , you want to mute or amplify it . caveats the only problem is the step 5 . i can not connect to pc from my phone - i think , it is a linux problem - and it is another question for another forum .
seems like write_raw_image works only from filesystem and does what dd does . proper way would be to just extract the images package_extract_file("aboot.img", "/dev/block/mmcblk0p5"); package_extract_file("modem.img", "/dev/block/mmcblk0p1"); 
perhaps you are talking about airplane mode ? if so , it saves on battery without having to actually turn off your phone by shutting down all the radios . it is also useful for places that do not allow cell phones ( hospitals , airplanes during take off/landing , etc ) in that it will not ring , etc .
first , in the facebook app , under its settings , enable synchronization for all contacts . open up your contact list and select the google contact you would like to merge . then push the menu button and select " edit contact " . then hit the menu button one more time and select " join " . choose which contact you would like to merge it with and you should be good to go .
for those with sense , you also can add the link manually ( i find that sense does not always add the notes tag to google contacts automatically ) . you can get the facebook " id " by going to graph.facebook.com/username instead of www.facebook.com/username ( ie : after you click on a friend on the facebook webpage , replace " www " with " graph" ) . then just paste into google contacts notes : &lt;HTCData&gt;&lt;Facebook&gt;id:12345/friendof:67890&lt;/Facebook&gt;&lt;/HTCData&gt; where 12345 is your friend 's id and 67890 is your id . sense picks up the link on the next sync with google contacts , and the facebook link is added permanently .
for making this process simpler , use go contacts . one click joining . just open go contacts and open the menu , at the menu click on merge , it would give you sort options . sort based on name , email and phone number . choose an option and it would cluster the contacts it feels are duplicates together and ask you for confirmation . you can review and decide what to merge and what not to .
the cookies , for the default android browser , are stored in /data/data/com . android . browser/databases/webview . db . the problem is that other applications , for security reasons , do not have access to files that do not belong to them , like the database file . in order for what you are asking to be possible , the browser application would have to implement this functionality .
it is possible ( almost certain ) that during the encryption process , they low level formatted your sd card which would make recovering your gallery items impossible at this point . they should have allowed you to backup your data before doing the encryption and/or made a backup of the device before they did the encryption . might i suggest you ask them if they kept a backup before doing the encryption , that would be your only option at this point to get them back . sorry .
there is a website called htconeroot . com i guess you can find instructions there ( videos at the right side , scroll down )
how long have you had your phone ? one common cause of intermittent headphone connections like this can just be that after carrying your phone around in your pocket for months , it has picked up " pocket fluff " in the headphone socket . at first this just squashes down out of the way when your headphones are plugged in , but after a while so much builds up that it stops the headphones plugging in fully and making a secure connection . removing this fluff can be as simple as just pulling it out with a straightened paper clip ( be careful when you stick it in there ) . this is what i found by in my headphone socket a little while ago with a paper clip . there are also some slightly more complicated ways to give the socket a good clean . this fluff problem is far more common with smart phones , than with stand-alone mp3 players or old-fashioned walkman-type devices , as you had commonly leave the headphones permanently plugged into those older single-purpose devices , whereas people usually leave the headphone socket empty on general purpose smart phones most of the time , and slip them in and out of fluff and lint filled ( and generating ) trouser pockets .
you should be able to do that using tasker . set up a profile with a " time " condition ( specify the time frame you want the screen kept alive , e.g. " from 9 am to 6 pm " , and for the task itself select " stay on " . make sure the option is disabled before starting this . tasker will then take care for it : switching the option on at 9 am , and returning to the previous state at 6 pm ( which is why you should have switched that option off to begin with ) . optionally , you could also define an " exit task " to explicilty switch that option off again − regardless of what it was set to in the beginning .
as far as i know , this should in no affect your app 's rating . this is something i do myself constantly with testing of my own apps . the only thing that will ultimately affect your rating are the number of stars your users give you . yes , you can rate your own app , but you can only do it once . uninstalling/re-installing should not change your own rating to your own app either .
it means your activity is taking very long to be recreated since every time you rotate the screen , entire activity gets redrawn . it does not mean the phone sensor is slow or anything , you just need to optimize your code such that it does not load data ( whether from internet or local storage ) on orientation change but only recreates the layout . hope i made myself clear .
do you find any lag when opening applications or does it slow down when multitasking ? if no is your answer then it is a very normal behaviour . my phone has 1 gb of ram but more than 600 mb is always occupied and it does not lag anytime . you can read about ram management in android in so many developer forums if you had like to .
the gmail app already appears to do this on a per-account basis . simply open an account , then navigate to (Menu button)-&gt;More-&gt;Settings-&gt;Select Ringtone . this works fine on my version ( 2.3.4.1 ) and allows me to set a different ringtone for each account . you can also use this to cause some accounts to provide vibrate/audible notifications while others do not . for example , my work account is set to vibrate " for all notifications " , but my other accounts have their vibration set to " never " .
you can find the source for this app in the gallery2 package in aosp . all the code for the photo editor is in src/com/android/gallery3d/filtershow . the saving is handled by tools/ImageSave.java , which has this comment explaining the behaviour ( which i have formatted ) :- in order to support the new edit-save behavior such that user will not see the edited image together with the original image , we are adding a new auxiliary directory for the edited image . basically , the original image will be hidden in that directory after edit and user will see the edited image only . note that deletion on the edited image will also cause the deletion of the original image under auxiliary directory . there are several situations we need to consider : user edit local image local01.jpg . a local02.jpg will be created in the same directory , and original image will be moved to auxiliary directory as ./.aux/local02.jpg . if user edit the local02.jpg , local03.jpg will be created in the local directory and ./.aux/local02.jpg will be renamed to ./.aux/local03.jpg user edit remote image remote01.jpg from picassa or other server . remoteSavedLocal01.jpg will be saved under proper local directory . in remoteSavedLocal01.jpg , there will be a reference pointing to the remote01.jpg . there will be no local copy of remote01.jpg . if user edit remoteSavedLocal01.jpg , then a new remoteSavedLocal02.jpg will be generated and still pointing to the remote01.jpg user delete any local image local.jpg . since the filenames are kept consistent in auxiliary directory , every time a local.jpg get deleted , the files in auxiliary directory whose names starting with " local." will be deleted . this pattern will facilitate the multiple images deletion in the auxiliary directory . in short : yes , it saves edited images in a .aux directory , inside the directory the image came from . it also stores the filter chain you used to create the image in xmp metadata inside the new image ( the filtered one ) , in the namespace http://ns.google.com/photos/1.0/filter/ . this information consists of : SourceFileUri: the uri where it has saved the unmodified file filterstack: a serialized representation of the stack of filters it used ( in the same format it saves presets to its private database )
if you simply want a fresh installation and no update , then a factory reset would be sufficient .
we did respond to every e-mail , so it is likely that our e-mails went to your spam folder . if you still have problems with any purchase please contact us at service@ikoid.com.
i purchased the first bundle and had no problem . the link took a few hours to come by email , but that is all . edit : just purchased this one , got my games added to my account instantaneously ( but yes , i already had an account ) .
there are several process monitoring tools available on google play . one of them is os monitor , which is very likely to help you out with your issue : os monitor : process list , list of open ports ( souce : google play ) as the two screenshots visualize , you can see all running processes as well as network connections including used ports and current status . of course , you could also make use of command-line tools like ps ( to show running processes ) and netstat ( to show open ports ) from within your terminal app ( or via adb shell ) . together with grep , that might be even faster , as you can filter out unwanted entries ( e . g . netstat | grep adb ) .
i think the issue is that you have the wrong apns . you can try going into system settings-> ( more . . ) wireless and networks-> mobile network settings-> access point names and press the settings button . this should show the settings menu for the apns and should have a reset to default option . click that and wait for 2-3 minutes . it should start working again hopefully .
some people have successfully installed cyanogenmod on top of 4.3 ( with knox ) . refer to the official installation guide , which includes installation on the phone and on the pc .
i managed to unbrick my phone eventually . tried to use rsd lite with several images , but it would give an error and then the application would crash and leave my bootloader corrupt . i tried all the schemes i could find including : loading the image from root of c : , disabling uac , etc . , but nothing worked . then i tried sbf_flash on linux with the same image , and it worked like a charm , no errors , and my phone was up and running again . so for anyone else who may encounter this problem , i warmly recommend using sbf_flash , it is incredibly simple to use .
go to : Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync  do you see a flickr account there ? if so , either make sure you are using that account with the gallery or try deleting that account and trying the gallery again .
applanet is that rather shady-looking place that claims to let users download and install ' thousands of free and paid apps ' for free . since the original authors of the apps have little say in whether their app appears on the site , i think it is fair to say that all bets are off when it comes to the apps ' integrity . also bear in mind that it is recently been proved entirely possible to download malware from the official market ( google blog entry ) . so , in summary : impossible to say , and , yes .
there is currently no app like this that i am aware of . however , you could ask the app developer of the app you are using to allow pictures to be taken from the gallery , and not only a new picture - this is very possible .
no , they do not behave differently if you do not use the original charger . i have a samsung phone that has never even seen its original charger , along with some nexus devices in similar conditions , and they do not suffer from slowdown or anything like this . more likely , your phone is running low on internal storage , or you have recently installed an app that hogs the phone 's cpu or ram . there are lots of questions on the site about troubleshooting and debugging that kind of slowdown . start by looking at the list of running apps in the phone 's settings , browse those questions , and maybe ask a new one if you find something more specific .
the widget in the middle is the " android and me rss widget " . what you see is basically the sense ui . you may try the accuweather widget for the weather . but it will possibly not look that shiny .
mru is right about the android and me news widget . based on the dock at the bottom i would also say mru 's right about that being the sense ui as well , which means the clock and weather widget is stock , but you can replicate it with these : weather forecast and clock widget beautiful widgets i have the fancy widget but it is no longer available because htc thought it looked too much like their widget ( you could probably find the apk out there somewhere ) the battery widget is called . . . battery widget . also , you may be able to get those sense icons by using the sense ui icons app for pandahome . the wallpaper is his own formated for a g1/hero ( 640x480 ) . more on sizing wallpapers for specific android phones .
i guess it has to do with what you had on your device installed right before you wipe and flashed a new rom . google remembers last apps and all
make sure you have checked automatic restore and backup my data in settings> backup and restore . and also sync your google account right after a reset . you will notice that all of your apps are reinstalling in the background . hope it helps .
play store purchases are refundable under a 15 minute window . under that window , if the user does not like the app and wants a refund , using play store to refund the purchase will end in the user receiving back the purchase amount and the app being uninstalled from the device . is it possible , under the refund window , to copy a paid app to the external storage for example and then once refunded , install it from there . i am no app developer but i know some apps that despite doing this , they check somehow the purchase via play store and in this case , since the user has not bought the app ( it did a refund ) , the app will not work as if it was purchased . in this example the app has a free and paid version , so the paid version has more features but since the user did not paid for that , it gets the free ( despite having the full installed ) .
first of all , do a nandroid backup from recovery to have a backup of your current phone . since you are upgrading not only from a cyanogenmod release but also an android release , it is recomended to do a full wipe ( /cache , /system and /data ) to avoid boot loops and general problems with the upgrade . if you want to backup all your data , despite doing the nandroid , you can use titanium backup , as it will let you backup your apps , data and also some system information ( accounts , call log , sms , wifi settings , . . . ) . just take some care as some system information might not work if you restore it directly when upgrading from ics to jb . user applications and its data files should be safe to restore .
here 's some advice for moving between any two android roms that will serve you well : first , do a full nandroid backup if you are not feeling completely confident . you can do this in cwm recovery , or via adb ( android debug bridge ) . this will create an " image " of your entire device . now that you are safe from screwing anything up beyond repair , go ahead and use titaniumbackup to backup all your system settings and your user apps ( i usually do not backup system apps as this might cause problems ) . backups will be saved on your /sdcard/ and will not disappear when you wipe . ( before this step , make sure you have the rom zip files on your sdcard , otherwise you will have to add them via adb ) go into cwm recovery and wipe your device ( cache and data ) . remember , /sdcard/ is still fine . now install your shiny new rom . when you have booted your new rom , install titaniumbackup first of all . it will recognize that there is already titaniumbackup files on the sdcard ( from before ) , and you will be able to batch install your apps and restore system settings . some advice on restoring backups : be conservative . start by restoring apps without user data , as old data may break the app . if somethings missing and it annoys you , restore that app only with data . same goes for restoring system settings , deselect everything and just restore what you really want ( usually just wifi hotspots for me ) .
upgrading from cm9 to cm10.1 usually requires a fresh install . i had to do it this way too . it is not recommended to use titanium backup because of possible issues . read the warning at the bottom . here are the steps recommended by donandroid . download the cyanogenmod 10.1 rom for your device . copy the downloaded zip file on root of your sd card . boot your device into custom recovery mode . perform a nandroid backup from recovery . now wipe the data by selecting “wipe data/factory reset” . also wipe the cache partition from “wipe cache partition” option . select install zip from sdcard > choose zip from sdcard . select the cyanogenmod 10.1 zip file to kick off the installation . after installation is complete , select “reboot system now” . your phone will now reboot to update cm9 to cm10.1 . warning
the official update will almost certainly unroot and not allow free wifi tether . i will let someone with experience speak to the bluetooth issues .
i think i did it . i tried to delete the folder /storage/sdcard0/android/data/com . google . earth but even with root/su i was unable to . so i renamed it and it was renammed successfully . next time i opened the app it worked . but i still have a folder of 13mb that i can not delete . suggestions ? update : i found this that suggests : i see in mount points something that gets my attention /dev/fuse on /storage/sdcard0 type fuse (rw,nosuid,nodev,relatime,user_id=1023,group_id=1023,default_permissions,allow_other)  here you can see that /data/media is mounted with specific user and group id . i discover by executing ps and id commands that 1023 id belongs to media_rw user with wich the /data/media folder is mounted . i think login as media_rw user should do the trick but what i did in order to delete the folders was : login as root ( unnecesary if connected via ssh with sshdroid ) su mount /system with write permissions mount -o rw,remount -t ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p9 /system run sdcard command again ( as root ) /system/bin/sdcard /data/media 1023 1023 go to /data/media and delete the unwanted folders ( let 's say they are called . trash y . garbage ) rm -rf .trash .garbage mount /system with read only permissions again ( for security reasons ) mount -o ro,remount -t ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p9 /system check that the folders does not exists ls -lsa /data/media/ the output must be something like this ( no . trash or . garbage folders in here ) this may solve other problems like this .
with forwarding , you should be able to do this automatically . if your contacts are texting your google voice number , then you must have already told google voice to forward texts to your real number . you should be able to reply directly to that forwarded message . google creates a new phone number for your contact and associates it with that person . so if person x at phone number 123-456-7890 sends a text to your google voice number , you will recieve it on your regular number as coming from 987-654-3210 . when you respond , google will recieve the message ( they own 987-654-3210 ) , then resend it to 123-456-7890 with your google voice number as the caller id . however , if they are texting your regular number , or if you do not have forwarding enabled , you will be stuck using the google voice app to send text messages and still have your gv number show up . * *there is a paid app ( root required ) that claims to integrate google voice with the native ( and 3rd-party ) text messaging apps . the app costs $5 and looks like it does what you want . i have not tried this , though , and some of the reviews claim it does not work right ( though others say it works great ) . edit : there is a free version here .
i tried to open my gallery , but could not see any pictures on it . anyway , i use the quickpic app to manage my photos . it is able to show the different folders that have pictures in it . check it out .
i used pics organizer to organize my pictures into different folders for my gallery . download it here works well with other gallery apps .
my work-around is connect my phone via usb mode , where it comes up as a folder ( or volume for you mac fans ) that you can see contents in . create folders you had like to have in your gallery , like " favorite piks " or " stuff i found in my pockets " - whatever . put these in that folder . now use your computer to organize the images between folders within that main volume , save on your home computer , delete , so forth . when you detach from the usb link , your gallery on the phone should show those new folders you created and the images you transferred over . please note that any new images , photos you download or take with the phone will likely be placed in one of any generic folders like " downloads " or " pictures " . t0mm13b 's edit pre-requisites : adb is installed . comfortable with command line . by going onto the command line , and issue this command : adb shell am start -n com.android.development/.MediaScannerActivity the above command line will force android to re-read the sdcard and quickly re-index all the just transferred pictures into the gallery .
in my opinion , the word scanning in this context is a misnomer . basically the camera and the flash are the key hardware components involved in this operation . the camera does not go into burst mode and instead takes only one good shot . the rest are the magic of software algorithms that straighten , finds boundaries and brightens and de speck the image . the app camscanner supports creating documents either from image or capturing with camera . higher camera resolution , the ability to autofocus and presence of flash ( in absence of ambient light ) are the features that are to be looked for . for shooting an a4 size with text printed with font size of 12 , a 5 mega pixel resolution is needed and with 3.2 mega pixels , i am able to capture a5 sized papers with very decent quality - observed from my experience .
in some ( most ) jurisdictions , this is legally not allowed and may fall under wiretapping laws . it would also allow easy covert surveillance by 3rd party apps and would scare most users while only a minority would benefit from it and ise it in the intended way . think of rogue apps ( blackmailing the owner ) , cheated wifes/husbands wiretapping their so , the scandal when reporters from the news of the world wiretapped royals and celebrities , etc . this is an anti feature that opens a can of worms . from the technical side : the android kernel/api do not expose a way to do that . this is why it does not work unless you install a hacked 3rd party firmware that allows that . searching xda developers for modded firmware for your model will probably yield some .
have you tried galaxy call recorder yet ? features list : - recording calls , ability to enable/disable recording service in the settings - showing grouped records extended with contact information such as name and icon . - settings to disable recording when headphones on or bluetooth device connected - settings to disable recording for incoming , outgoing call and for some contacts . - ability to specify different audio sources for headphones and bluetooth devices . - calling , sending sms , creating an event from the app . - ability to stop recording from a notification . - ability to play , delete the recent record from a notification . - ability to specify a recording delay , a minimal length of records . - ability to enable/disable the detailed notifications in the program . - ability to record a conversation into a small set of files . - deleting a record or many records at once . - locking/unlocking records to prevent unwanted deleting . - ability to automatically deleting records . - ability to send records to dropbox , google drive , and skydrive etc . - integration with google+ . - flexible ui settings to change a font size and a background . - screen lock . - saving records to microsd card , dropbox disk . if you already tried this , you should mention which apps you tried already .
the sony liveview may fit the bill .
unix domain sockets are meant to be used for interprocess communication on one host , not for inter host communication . sockets that are located on the filesystem like you describe are not unix sockets , but named pipes , and are also limited for use on the same host . for inter-host communication , you need to use network sockets of some kind .
after much struggling and right before i was just going to give up , i´ve found the solution . so naturally , i thought best to share it here , just in case anyone else was having the same issue . the issue was : 1- i have a nexus 7 ( 1º gen ) that after a failed android upgrade was infinite looping though the welcome window ( right after the google logo appears ) . 2- so i´ve first tried the easy solution : a factory reset using the bootloader screen ( and i´ve accessed that screen pressing power and volume down while turning on the device ) . 3- it didn´t worked , because the problem explained in 1 was still happening . 4- the tablet wasn´t being recognized by windows ( nor linux for that matter ) , so i couldn´t even get to its settings in order to set it in debugger mode . so , to solve the issue this is what i´ve done : a- i´ve installed the universal naked driver in order to my pc to be able to recognize the nexus device . it did recognized it before , after the looping problem . but after the failed resetting of the device , it seems that it didn´t recognized it anymore . b- i´ve installed the nexus root toolkit in order to unlock the bootloader and then reinstall the drivers . i´ve tried some other toolkits , but this was the only one that it actually worked out of the box . c- so , using the toolkit i : pugged in the tablet into my pc clicked the " unlock " button ( yes , the process erases all personal data ) . selected " soft bricked/bootloop " and then clicked " flash stock + unroot " and then just followed the instructions . there´s a quick way of doing the same ( but in my case it didn´t worked out ) , that maybe someone with ubuntu can use , and it´s here . hope this helps some desperate folk out there .
yes , as far as i remember , google music is incompatible with google apps . have you tried using a normal google account ? i know , huge pain in the ass to use another account , but i think that might be the solution :/
unless the website specifically supports touch screen , there is no way to do so . unless the website uses a wrapper library like certain jquery plugins that can abstract the differences , the javascript code used to support mouse based drag and drop and touch screen drag and drop is quite different and incompatible with each other .
your phone settings cannot possibly affect the strength of the signal produced by a wireless router . i would assume that this option just prevents wi-fi " sleep " , seemingly confirmed by this discussion . if that is the case it will consume more power when you are not using your phone .
you can do a factory reset . to do this you press the vol up and power key together . if that wont work , try the vol down as i may be wrong . you should at some point of messing with the buttons get a broken android picture of the robot . then you play with the buttons and get to a menu that has " factory reset "
this menu button is a backwards compatibility feature . it is displayed on all apps that say they are designed for a version of android from when android devices had physical menu buttons . ( that is froyo or earlier . ) the android system can not tell whether such an app needs the menu button or not , so it has to display it to make sure the app is usable on newer devices without the hard button . if the button annoys you , contact the author of the app and ask them to update their " target version " . they can do this and still be compatible with older versions of android .
i had the same problem . the menu would not respond in gallery , setting , and some other applications . the restart did not work . i tried closing all the application by double-tapping the home button and then reopen them again plus using ' clean master ' app . this seems to work ( sometimes ) tho . do not really know why , but for me it helps .
this probably depends on . if you just " recharge " within your rental window , the file is still on the device , and you probably do not have to download it again . however , once the rental period is expired , the google play movies and tv app will delete the file on its next execution ( see this thread on the droidrzr forum ) , as it has " expired " . without this purge function , you could run out of space whith useless files occupying your disk , so i would consider this normal behaviour . this means : re-rental after the rental window has expired will most likely make a re-download necessary -- while when still within your rental video , the app should simply keep the file ( at least theoretically -- not sure whether the expiration date is somehow coded into the file name ) .
a couple of methods come to mind : you could take a picture of your phone with another camera . you could do a screen capture of you phone screen using built in functionality of the android operating system . the method of doing a screen capture is different depending on which version of operating system you have . on my phone , i press and hold the power + home buttons at the same time and a screenshot is capture and saved to my sd card . some older version of the android operating system did not have the screen capture functionality built in so depending on your version of the operating system , it may or may not be an option for you . i have written a few android apps before . i just checked the android api 's and it looks like i could write an app to retrieve the wallpaper image from your system memory and save it to a sd card if you have an sd card in your phone . the app would just read the image and would not change it . also , do you have an sd card that is working now ? i understand how frustrating it is to lose an important image and would like to help you get it back if i can .
i am not sure exactly how you use the select all feature , but i think an effective way to mitigate your need for this is to go crazy with filters , labels , and the priority inbox . having your gmail account sort your e-mail into highly specific labels for you and carefully tagging everything as either " important " or " not important " will keep the number of e-mails you see at any one time to a reasonable amount most of the time . there are a ton of great tips in this article from lifehacker that i have used both on the web interface and on my gmail app . oh , and submit a feature request to google . ; - )
nope , not as of v2.3.4.1 anyways . i have been through all the settings / actions pretty thoroughly , in various contexts , with no luck .
that is not possible on stock roms . and it is not possible on other roms either when you want google apps . as long as google apps are installed ( and a network connection is available ) , they will update automatically .
at least my version of chrome ( 32.0.1700.107 ) on os x has a menu called Mobile Bookmarks under Bookmarks , where i can see my phone 's bookmarks . and i can add bookmarks to my desktop chrome from android from menu -> favorite ( the star ) -> folder -> desktop bookmarks . try using chrome beta for android if yours does not have that feature .
not specifically with the volume buttons , but if you are open for alternatives , tasker might be able to help out . to fire the emergency task , the following triggers might be feasible : camera button long-search button gesture ( the phone has just been waved around in a particular way ) shake ( the device is being physically shaken ) if the device has no camera button , the long-search button being hard to find without vision , this might leave us with the " gesture " and " shake " triggers . to set that up , you can record your " emergency pattern " , e.g. " shake twice left-right , then twice up-down " . as task , tasker offers e.g. " send sms " ( send an sms without user interaction . ) so combining action and task , you had have your " emergency profile": as soon as the shake-pattern is recognized , the emergency sms would be sent .
tl ; dr : i was not aware of any such apps and so i have actually written an application that can do this for a university project ; the user holds the volume down button for x seconds ( default is 3 ) and a preconfigured emergency message is sent to their chosen contact ( s ) . there are a few problems with getting this functionality however ( see below ) . i have not made the app available anywhere but could put a version up on the play store over the next few days . will edit this when i do . the problem i found is that it does not work in all possible states the phone could be in , meaning your friend might be trying to use it but will forget to put it in a correct state if they are in a panic . here 's the results of the testing i did , a pass means the emergency sms was sent : one test wasn’t applicable because if the screen is off pressing the volume button will turn it back on giving us the first test state . for the state where the screen was on but phone was locked , the evidence gathering could be activated but only by pressing the volume button repeatedly for the required amount of time . the reason the activation doesn’t work as intended is because android only receives one button press when the volume button is held while the screen is locked and so only passes one press to the application . if the volume button is repeatedly pressed then the application is ‘tricked’ into thinking the button is being held constantly because the app checks if the button is being held once a second but the button only needs to have been held once in the last second for it to count . a positive point about the volume button method is that it uses almost no battery , there is not any monitoring or polling of the volume button 's state . if you were willing to consider other activation methods i also added the ability to tilt the phone and have it activate the emergency sms , i found this worked in a lot more states : i believe it would also be possible to get the tasker application to do this tilting activation but i do not own it and have not tried it .
does the in built-in backup service work ? yes . but maybe not how you expect/want . as you mentioned apps need to ' opt in ' to backup data and most apps do not actually use this . i am only aware of a couple that do . as far as i know , the backed up data is only actually restore to a device when the device is initially set up , not when you install an app from the play store that you have previously used ( i could be wrong on this though ) . google recently launched a way for games to sync progress between devices which more apps seem to be using and are publicising this more . helium and adb backup work differently in that they backup the data stored on the device and do not require opt in . helium uses the adb backup method so essentially they work the same way ( although it does not require a pc to perform the backup ) . titanium backup backs up the apk and the appropriate ' data ' folder ( not the folder on your sd card by default ) and again this does not require any opt in from the app developer . personally i use titanium backup as it was the only option when i first rooted my first phone . i have not used helium so can not say if it is better/worse . when i have used adb backup ( not via helium ) it took a long time to backup/restore but it does work quite well .
i called vzw , and they actually told me it was a bad google update pushed to my phone prematurely , and that " google would be fixing it in a couple weeks . " amazing that verizon will not even take responsibilities for their ota updates , but blame it on google .
i hate to say it but if you have tried all those other things i would say the next thing to try would be a factory reset . . .
i had this issue quite a bit after i first loaded gb with an ota update . i did a factory reset a few weeks ago and did not have it happen again until today . i also contacted vzw and the first thing they wanted to blame it one was an app that i must've loaded that was behaving badly . it is all over moto 's support forum and all over vzws . hopefully they will have an incremental update that will fix the issue .
this was a semi-known issue on 4.5.585 gingerbread ( verizon 's first official gingerbread update ) . rebooting the phone when it happens was the only remedy . the problem ( i too was affected ) appears to be fixed in the latest verizon update . ( 4.5.602 )
it seems error 923 is related to the whole process of downloading , cache , storage , installation , etc . people get it most often in google play , but sometimes also outside of that . most suggestions how to fix this come down to : Settings &gt; Apps &gt; Running > stop all ( google related ) running services Settings &gt; Apps &gt; All &gt; Google Play Store > clear data and clear cache reboot phone , all should be fine now found quite some useful answers on the internet outside of stackexchange ( it exists ! ) , so answered my own question already . suggestions/additions always welcomed . ; )
i found this error occurs for me when i " push " from the website of google play store to the phone . i always attribute it to the fact that my wireless is not constantly on to the phone ; it restores connection after returning from sleep . when i wake the phone after the push , i will find the error , and the relevant app page in google play store live , on the phone , ready to attempt the install again . pressing the install button again is successful .
depending on what network you are on the official ota update may be your easiest answer . when i updated my razr m from ics to jb 4.1 on verizon with the offical jb ota update , none of my data was lost , did not have to reload any apps , or reset options . also when you clear your user data your phone may automatically re-download apps that you previously had . in my case when i cleared my user data to root my phone , it re-downloaded all the apps i had before the clear but unfortunately the options for the apps were reset . you may want to try clearing only your cash first ( will not erase contacts or apps ) and try installing again .
qrcopy is a free app that lets you share your clipboard between your pc and nearly any other device . it uses qr codes to transfer information , so it works on any device that has a qr code reader . the windows version includes a fast qr code reader that works using your webcam , and it has a mobile app that runs on most other devices . once you have some text in your clipboard you just press windows-v and it pops up in an onscreen qr code ready for you to scan using your mobile . to send text back to your pc you use it is qr code generator on your mobile to copy your text to a qr code , then on your pc you just press windows-c and it will fire up your webcam and use it to read the qr code on your mobile device . it only takes a second or two , and it works in any program . http://www.qrcopy.net [ disclaimer : i am a friend of the guy who created qrcopy . ]
google docs drive allows collaborative editing between phone app and webapp . updates typically propogate from one to the other within a few seconds , and just appear in the document on the updated device , with markup to show that it came from someone else . i use it for brainstorming sessions with my colleagues on the go , i like it better than sms/email because it is easier to see what they are talking about ( their text appears in the pertinent part of the document )
i use a standard text file synchronized through dropbox . works in both directions .
i wrote bash script that will do that ( for linux ) . it will require internet too . all you need to do is create a launcher for the script and put it on the panel . highlight the text you want to transfer and click on the launcher . a barcode will appear on the screen and you can scan that . link to script
check out my grabtext chrome app grabtext v 0.1 is a free chrome app to grab the text to your phone . scan the qr code and grab the text . an easy way to copy any text in webpages to your smartphone .
i use evernote to sync text between pc and phone .
try clipsync it is an app i have written that will update the clipboard on your pc once it has detected a change in the android clipboard over wifi . ( and vice versa . ) so you can do : ctr+c ( win ) -> long press - paste ( android ) . long press - copy ( android ) -> ctrl+v ( win ) .
mymobiler is another nice alternative . it streams your screen onto your computer ( kind of like remote desktop over usb ) . it also installs a keyboard which lets you type from your computer . it might need root .
you can try pushbullet app also . it is a very nice app .
chrome-to-phone
you can install the wifi keyboard app from android market . a good app , supports both usb and wifi input . you need to follow information carefully , to get work around .
you can use airdroid . it has a clipboard feature and works over wi-fi .
factory resets only partially erase* the main data directory , not the internal/external storage drive ( sd card for example ) . all videos , photos , music etc remain , as they are stored on the internal/external drive - only apps and app data would be deleted . *i say partially erase , because if everything in the data directory was erased , the os would not function correctly .
haha , but it is obvious they will not ! dude , what do you expect ? and yeah , if your google keep is eating your data packet , then stop using it as a clipboard , because every single time you open it , sync starts . i never found this issue with my keep . turn off google sync ; it is the best way !
well that would be a data leaking app as per april 8th . and i never saw that coming because i have a large amount of data package for myself but would go and check . this is a hell lot of data being used up by such a tiny app . i mean in my phone 200mb+ data is either used up by google play store or a browser app by which i downloaded files ( audio , video , images etc ) . otherwise i never saw such event . however , if you want to contact google about it . they would be waiting for the feedback and you can include this as the feedback message . but if you want them to get you some data package ( maybe i got confused and mis understood your point of view for contact ) then they will not do it .
if you go to : settings-call-call settings-call forwarding-voice call forwarding -- you will most likely see that for unanswered or unreachable calls it is not disabled because it forwards it to your voicemail , that is why it says conditional call forwarding is active . if you disable all options you will not get the message but then unanswered calls will not go to voicemail
someone may have blocked your calls : (
in a way , the answer is yes . although , i would not consider any of the sites where you would get the rom from to be " official " . what you need to do is download odin3 ( or hemidal ) and use that tool to flash the stock rom on the device . doing so will most likely require you to completely wipe the device to factory state . i found a couple sites that do have the stock firmware , but i do not want to link to the rom directly for a couple reasons . one , i do not know the legality of linking to a the stock firmware and if the file is no longer valid in the future , i do not want this post to be " out of date " . if you google " flash i9000 odin stock " you will likely find a couple different sources that have the files needed to flash back stock . when i did this , the first site had the 2.3 xxjvu release for the i9000 , and the . pit file ( which is also required when going back to stock , and the drivers . it also is a tutorial on how to flash it .
tunesviewer is an application for linux or android that " [ allows ] access itunes-university media and podcasts . " ( from tunesviewer main page ) . you may want to check it out . there is an apk installer to run on android devices . it is also available from f-droid .
there is the google play for education program detailed here and here .
this helper app makes facebook , twitter , instagram , github , and goodreads links open in their apps instead of the browser : open link in app it does not yet support pinterest , but if you are technical , it is easy to add new apps , and does not require writing code ! details in the github repo .
in the general usage , you can not do it . the reason behind the links opening in a browser is that they use the same protocols of normal web links . so if the particular app is not a browser , the links have to be opened with a browser app . but you may have seen some links ( particularly links to android apps on the market ) can be opened with the google play market app . this is possible because those links uses market:// in their links rather than typical http:// if you need to confirm it try clearing the defaults of your chrome browser . it will make you choose an app to open a link when you click them . this will give you a open link with option ( of course to use the browser apps ) to do this , go to Settings -&gt; Apps and select chrome app . scroll to the bottom and find a clear defaults button abd click it .
apps can request that links be opened using the app , using an api called an " intent filter " . if the app has the correct intent filter , you will be prompted to open the link using that app , and the app will then do something with it . this has to be coded in by the app developer , and there is no way to implement it yourself unless you decompile the app and add it in . an example of an app that does this is the google+ app .
if you enter your pin incorrectly a number of times , the device should present you with a temporary time lock . if you continue to enter it incorrectly you should be prompted to login with the google account associated with your device to disable the lock .
here is the htc desire s user guide in pdf , but i could not find there anything about clear search history in the section reading ebook ( pages 148-151 ) . so , being that the default ebook reader , i guess that clearing search history is not possible unless you clear data from that app .
i do not know of a user interface in android to enumerate the radio frequencies that the device handles . however , to give you the direct answer you were looking for , the padfone x lacks umts 1700/2100 , which is different from the lte 1700/2100 that it supports .
delete the saved network from the phone , then reboot both the phone and the router and try again . if that does not fix it you will need to test with another network to see if it is a phone issue or not .
if you can access the web interface of the router see if there are any error codes in a log or on the main page after you log in . most likely your radio is bad but the rest of the hardware is still good ( or at least ok : ) ) . this happened to me with an old router too and confused me for a good while before i found the error codes and searched their meaning . in my case it was time for a new router anyway so i just went and bought a new one - so i am not sure if there is anyway to fix it , if it is a bad radio .
i have the same problem with my friends netgear wifi router , but all other wifi networks so far work perfectly , so it could be a compatibility problem with the phone and router . to verify this , i would suggest the steps that matthew read and somehume already mentioned : try other networks and check other devices connected to the troublesome network .
service myscript /system/bin/logwrapper /system/bin/myscript.sh disabled oneshot  if you declare the service as disabled , it wont run unless you later explicitly start it . but do you really want to repartition the card every time you boot the system ? i would think you would want to partition it once , and then perhaps mount the partitions in the init script .
by default the contacts you see on the web are your most used contacts . you have to choose all contacts to see everyone .
is your phone configured to sync contacts with your google account ? to verify this go to settings --> accounts and sync , tab on your account and verify that the sync contacts option is checked . if this option is checked then the contacts are synced to your account but you are probably using a configuration in your gmail web account that only shows you the most used contacts instead of all contacts .
your network provider may provide a " last number redial/called " or " call alert " service . this is usually a number that you call that will tell you the phone number of the last incoming call to your phone , or can often be implemented as a service that you can turn on and off ( again , usually by calling a number or issuing a ussd code ) which will inform you in some way ( usually by text message ) of missed calls . for example , in the uk , o2 used to have a number , 1471 , that you could call to hear an automated voice message telling you the number of the last person that called your phone . unfortunately , they have withdrawn that service however , they have replaced it with a free " call alert " text message service . note that there is no universal mechanism to retrieve the number of the last person that called you , if you no longer have ( or never had ) that information saved within your phones own call log . each of these services is specific to your mobile network provider who may or may not even offer such a thing . if the last number that called you is truly missing from your phones own call log , you may try to get in contact with your network provider to see if they offer a service as described here . also note , though , that even if they do offer such a service , it'll usually only retain the very last number that called , so if someone else calls you in the meantime , the number that you are seeking will probably be lost .
try rebooting the phone after re-inserting the sd card . some older launchers ( e . g . eclair stock ) simply do not refresh their app drawer when you re-insert the sd card , even though the apps are re-mounted . you can check that the apps are indeed back by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and seeing if the " missing " apps are listed there . if so , a reboot will fix it . alternatively , you can simply restart the launcher app by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications then scrolling down to " launcher " and tapping on it , and then tapping on the " force close " button . now if you press the home key , the launcher will restart and should have all the apps back .
i think usb audio support was initially built into android 4.0 ics but there may be earlier implementations and not every hardware that supports usb otg and runs ics+ supports usb audio . the capability of an android device to handle usb audio mainly depends on the kernel running on your system and your hardware being able to handle usb devices ( usb host ) . custom kernel and roms can void this . i have been able to connect ( to my stock samsung galaxy note 2 ) : an alesis i/o4 usb soundcard from alesis ( 4in , 4out , phantom power ) a harman/kardon v1 usb speaker system and a shure x2u soundcard ( 1in , 2out , phantom power ) all playing stereo ( alesis could not be configured to play on all four channels ) and the soundcards also record ( alesis recording 4 tracks in sync ) in very nice quality . i used urecord ( mono/ stereo ) and usb audio recorder pro ( multitrack ) and i have been told that audio evolution is also able to record from a usb source .
you could give the following app a try , it sounds like it does what you are looking for : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.greatbytes.pop3refresh
first , gmail provides push email . . means , you get emails exactly when they arrive ( if you are connected with internet ) . second , gmail does not have dedicated sync module . it makes use of global google services framework and account sync module . you can turn off background data and Auto Sync from Accounts and Sync setting . when these are on , sync is carried randomly . . but it runs when you connect to internet or turn these settings on . to save battery , you can use toggle widgets ( like widgetsoid ) to turn those settings on/off manually . some provides way to force sync , too . to automate it , use tasker app . if your prime goal is to save battery , i would recommend you to use , juice defender . it takes care of all these effectively .
what you can do is use both dropbox and a lan syncing tool like unison . i could not find any lan syncing tool for android but if you mount your device in mass storage mode , running unison purely on your pc should yield acceptable performance . it may also be possible to compile unison on android ( it works on gnu/linux ) , but that would be fairly difficult .
in the latest version of dropbox ( 2.1.1 ) there is an option to have your photos automatically uploaded , " camera upload " in dropbox settings . that has a option which lets you specify whether to upload over cellular data or wait for a wifi connection . other than camera upload , dropbox has not yet enabled syncing for other folders or items between dropbox/pc and a phone .
the dolphin browser has an option to turn off images . i believe most versions of the stock browser have this capability as well . the 4.0.4 version can disable images via Settings -&gt;Bandwidth management -&gt; Load images , and i am pretty sure that the gingerbread browser had this capability as well .
at firefox android add-ons , there is a recent add-on that is just what you want : mobile image blocker v1.0 speed up browsing on mobile connections and use less data by blocking all images . working on images defined in html , css and javascript .
opera mini / opera mobile are two recommended options for saving money on data charges : opera 's mobile browsers are the smart choice for browsing on expensive wireless data plans . using opera mini or opera mobile to browse the web with your mobile phone can save you money on your phone bills , by reducing your data usage substantially . opera mini uses only a tenth of the bandwidth of other browsers , compressing webpages by up to 90% . with opera mobile , turning on opera turbo compresses data by up to 80% , or leave opera turbo off to get full website data , as you would on a pc . additionaly , of course , they allow to turn off images via settings . you can download them from http://www.opera.com/mobile/download/ http://m.opera.com
i am not aware of any way to find out the maximum current the device will use except checking the charger that came with the device and assuming that the manufacturer suppied the most efficient charger suitable . the maximum current for usb connection is 5a , but usually the range used by phone/tablet chargers is between 0.5a and 2a . note that the amperage of the charger only tells what is the maximum current that the charger can supply , so it is safe to plug a 2a charger to a device capable of 0.5a current .
i would say , go for it and try it out and report back here . : ) what the wording ' common ' means is this , common to all devices regardless of platform . its a cm thing in documenting the changes made . if there was a specific device in there it would be highlighted , for example , ' omap common ' refers to those devices that has armv7 media processing embedded on the chip or soc , by texas instruments ( generally found in high end devices )
the Common: Better support for mouse and usb keyboards found at the changelog refers to all devices supported , meaning that there was an overall improvement on the usb support for mouse and keyboard devices . but take into account that the words " better support " means that there was an improvement , but it may still be buggy on certain devices under specific situations . as a side note : to your particular case , you are referring that you have a huawei u8160 , but on the changelog , the support goes for huawei u8150 . so , it may not be fully supported with or device . relevant links : the changelog can be found at : github - cyanogenmod cyanogenmod forums : cyanogenmod 7.2 released ! ( 2012-jun-16 ) wikipedia : list of devices supported by cyanogenmod
you can try because the chipset is the same .
stock download app is unable to detect changes to download folder . it will keep only a list that it is given for download .
when i read your question it sounded like a chrome bug to me . i looked around , and yes , it is a bug on samsung 's multi-entry clipboard feature , and it is been reported here . here are two things you can do to fix this : ( 1 ) if your phone is rooted , delete the contents of "/data/clipbord/*" . ( 2 ) or , do a factory reset .
i think the transfer is supposed to happen automagically , without you having to do anything ( or maybe you need to select some " please back up all my stuff " checkbox somewhere in the settings ) . in practice , though , i have never seen it work properly . to delete data , i am pretty sure there is a " factory reset " option in settings somewhere . on my 2.3 phone , it is under privacy/factory data reset .
yes if you have previously set your current tablet to back up your data and settings to google 's servers , then during the initial setup of your new tablet you should be given an option to restore your previous settings and data . the settings that you need to check on your current tablet are in settings -> privacy settings . see below for more info on this from the official android 3.0 ( aka honeycomb ) user 's guide : page 13 backing up and restoring your data you can back up your settings and other data with your google account , so if you ever replace your tablet , you can restore your data on the new one . if you choose to use this service , your data is backed up automatically . if you previously used the backup service with the google account you just used to sign in , you can also choose to restore your settings from your google account to your tablet now . important if you want to restore your settings , you must do that now during setup . you can’t restore data after setup is complete . many kinds of data are backed up , including : your android settings , such as your wi-fi networks and passwords , user dictionary , and so on many google application settings , such as your browser bookmarks the apps you download from android market some third-party apps also make use of the backup service , so if you reinstall one , its settings and data are restored . page 132 privacy settings you use the privacy settings to manage whether your settings and other data are backed up to google servers , using your google account . you also use these settings to erase all the data on your tablet by performing a factory data reset . back up my data check to back up some of your personal data to google servers , with your google account . if you replace your tablet , you can restore the data you’ve backed up , the first time you sign in with your google account . if you check this option , a wide variety of your personal data is backed up , including your wi-fi passwords , browser bookmarks , a list of the applications you’ve installed from market , the words you’ve added to the user dictionary used by the onscreen keyboard , and most of the settings that you configure with the settings application . some third-party applications may also take advantage of this feature , so you can restore your data if you reinstall an application . if you uncheck this option , you stop backing up your data to your account , and any existing backups are deleted from google servers . backup account displays the google account that your settings and other data are backed up with . this is the account you need to sign into on a new android tablet or other device , if you want to restore the settings from this tablet to that device . automatic restore check this option to restore settings and other data when you reinstall an application . this feature requires that you are backing up your data with your google account and that the application is using the backup service . to wipe your current tablet ( after you have ensured that it is been backed up , from the same privacy screen you should also see this option : factory data reset opens a dialog where you can erase all of your personal data from internal tablet storage , including information about your google account , any other accounts , your system and application settings , any downloaded applications , as well as your music , photos , videos , and other files . if you reset the tablet in this way , the next time you turn on your tablet you’re prompted to reenter the same kind of information as when you first started android .
in the contacts app , press menu , then there should be some sort of option for display - this lets you change which contacts are displayed . at the minute you are probably just displaying your gmail contacts , but you should see the setting in there to display sim contacts . my advice would be to copy them to gmail , you should find some sort of export/import tool in your contacts app too - just export all contacts from your sim to a file on your phone , then import that file and select your gmail contact book , that means your contacts will always be available
use titanium backup ( in the market ) to uninstall system apps -- it handles everything nicely .
what ended up working was re-installing the stock nexus one ( a . k.a. passion ) image . there seem to be several different ways to go back to a stock installation , but what worked for me was : download the PASSIMG_Passion_.zip file from shipped-roms . com re-name the file passimg.zip and copy it to the sd card via usb booted into hboot ( hold the volume down button while powering on the phone ) selected ' yes ' when asked if hboot should install the image the above steps were inspired by this post in the xda-developers forum . after doing this , ota updates started working again .
it looks like you need to re-add the twitter . apk , update , then remove it again . have you tried that ? the patch itself is trying to find that apk for the update ( not sure if you can change the patch since it is probably signed ? ) .
on my galaxy s , the vibration settings are under Settings -&gt; Sound . the vibrate option has 4 choices ( always , never , only in silent mode , and only when not in silent mode ) and when the haptic feedback option is checked , vibration intensity can be set to 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , or 5 but i do not think that affects regular vibrations .
according to some sources , bluetooth dongle support was added in android 4.2.2 , and it requires some effort from the rom developers , so it is not in every android version . you should either ask the manufacturer for a rom that supports bt dongles , or try to find a custom rom like cyanogenmod for your device that has the support . sources : does android 4.2.2 support usb bluetooth dongle ? bluetooth dongle via otg
as life of lcd screen is measured in hours of its usage , keeping screen turned on does consume some of its life hours . but , average life of lcd screens range from 30,000 hours to 60,000 hours , so i do not think it would a matter to you .
do not worry as the device is new you have warranty , do a factory reset and see .
since your nokia x does not have access to the google play store , you will need to download and install whatsapp manually . enable side-loading of apps on your nokia x by navigating to settings -> security and enable the Unknown Sources option . download the watsapp apk directly from their site to your computer . transfer the apk file you downloaded onto your nokia x by connecting it via usb cable and using a file manager , send it via bluetooth , or copy it to an microsd card and insert it into the phone . run the pre-installed astro file manager and locate the file using the search option . tap the file to run it , which will start the installation process . follow the on-screen instructions to complete the installation . important step : modify your phone’s date to ( or just prior ) 2nd of august of 2014 ( don’t worry you will change it back to the preset date afterwards . ) launch whatsapp like any other installed app on your nokia x phone , and complete the initial set-up . at this point you will most likely get a message saying that this application is " not supported " on your phone . exit whatsapp when it says that your device is not supported back to the homescreen . uninstall the official whatsapp application by long-tapping on the whatsapp icon and tapping on the red cross . now download whatsapp plus from here and install it using the same method as the official app ( steps 3 through 6 of this guide . ) open whatsapp plus app and go through configuration steps . make sure to use the same phone number as you used in the original whatsapp , otherwise it will not work . you can now revert the system 's date back to the present date and still enjoy whatsapp . you can now use whatsapp plus to connect to your whatsapp contacts . sources : 1 , 2 .
my standard recommendation again here : tasker , the most complete automation solution available for android . tasker can react on different events and perform tasks when they occur . so you could setup two profiles : profile " startup": condition : device boot ( this is boot_completed ) ) task : write file ( with your information specified in the parameters ) profile " shutdown": condition : device shutdown task : write file ( with your information specified in the parameters ) for the text you can use variables like e.g. %DATE . only difficulty will be to determine whether the shutdown was caused by the user or a program -- no easy recipe here , especially not for un-rooted devices . this information might be extracted from the system logs somehow ; but starting with jellybean , this would require root permissions .
this might not be the most efficient solution . it is baffling that this functionality still is not present on stock android . you could use this video converter app to convert your hd videos .
google contacts is your best option . it will merge contacts with different names if things like their email addresses are the same . also , if for some reason , it does not detect the contacts that should be merged , you can select multiple contacts manually and click on Merge Contacts from the more actions menu .
use latest version of myphoneexplorer ( www.fjsoft.at ) . it is compatible with nearly any android phone . connect your phone with bluetooth or usb to pc . sync your contacts with the software , then you are able to easily merge your contacts by selecting some of them and right-click -> merge contacts . note , this requires installation of a client on your windows desktop ( no mac or linux available )
you can use adb and run logcat by typing the command adb logcat &gt; logcat.log . alternatively you can use an app like alogcat . that will give show you your systems logs but then you will have to figure out what it all means . i have to agree with matthew reads comment that it is probably related to cm but there are so many moving parts and different factors it is hard to say . unfortunately diagnosing through trial and error will require you removing cm to see if it was the cause . i would recommend removing adfree and seeing if you still have crashes because it could be caused by that . if i were an app dev that relied on ads to fund my company i would probably make the free flow of ads in my app a requirement for my app to run properly . also , i doubt it is launcher pro .
so , based on the comments above you do need a notification solution . the obvious one is just to turn off notifications for the email app , or to turn down the volume before you go to bed . you could also use an app like tasker to do the latter automatically based on profiles that you set . for example you can have it mute notifications when plugged in to charge : http://androidforums.com/1207528-post3.html
probably the best way to test it is to write data to all of it and see if one of the following occurs : the write fails the data/files do not show when you look for them the data cannot be read the data is corrupt you can not flag sectors as bad as far as i am aware , though , due to the fat filesystem of sd cards .
have you tried formatting your sd card in a dedicated reader , as opposed to doing it directly on the phone ? most phones ( and even most laptops ' built-in sd card readers ) have problems writing sd card partitions . i usually format my sd cards in a stand-alone card reader hooked up to my pc via usb . also , it is probably worth re-partitioning it with partition editor from ubuntu livecd .
yes , most video players will automatically up- or down-scale videos to fit the screen . android os itself , and video player apps , do not have a limit on video size . obviously each device 's hardware is only fast enough to decode so many pixels per second , so there is an upper limit on video resolution , data rate , and frame rate for smooth playback . like any other playback device , if an android device does not have enough pixels on its screen to play 1080p video , it can not be advertised with the " full hd " trademark logo .
android 's does not have an integrated fm radio functionality ( api ) , if a device features fm support , it was added by the manufacturer . because of that there is no standard way to access it via 3rd party apps . you can try this app but your mileage may vary .
the spirit fm radio unlocked has slight support for recording . most of it is experimental however . there are no other tuned fm radio apps on the market , that run on all devices . the only way to get full fm recording facilities , is if your oem puts this feature into the stock fm radio app .
for usb teathering i know only two options that ( in my experience ) works well : azilink - the hard but free way easyteather - the easy but non-free way
based on this document : and this is basically how other push notification services work as well . . . the application requests a token for the device c2dm responds with the registration token for the specific device the application sends the token to your server on the web . your service can now communicate with c2dm ( after authenticating ) , and using the registered device tokens , c2dm will send the messages to the devices . on the c2dm side , the token is associated with a specific device . when you send a push notification through c2dm , the google servers send that info to the device . c2dm libraries on the device " listen for them " and pass them on to the intents as needed .
android provides system-wide intents for such type of app triggering . for c2dm , there is a whole class of intents looks like com . google . android . c2dm . * . to use these intents , you will need to add broadcast receivers in your app and register it with system . to make it really work , you will need remote push service too . your software on server must be capable of messaging to google 's c2dm server using http/https . now , whenever a push protocol based communication from c2dm server is established , android system triggers app based on intents registered at the time of app installation . . . update : more clearly , when your application push server pushes message to google 's c2dm server , google checks token attached with message . mind it , this token was generated by com . google . android . c2dm . intent . register if user had logged in with google account . so , using this token , google comes to know exact delivery location . then , google makes use of google services framework to push message in raw key-value pair format . . . polling or not ? no . it utilities same email push type technology in which connection between server and client is kept open . so , no need to run polling service . .
i do not think you can calibrate the gps in any device . to calibrate the compass , in every device mobile device i have seen , you just need to draw 8 's in the air with the device and turn it up and down few times . but this calibration does not last very long , i guess depending on the device .
this feature is known as double-tap zoom . in the stock browser , it can not be disabled , but it can be adjusted in Settings -&gt; Accessibility -&gt; Zoom on double-tap . according to this answer , dolphin browser hd supports disabling it .
yes , totally normal . this is the ui 's way of telling you that you have reached the edge .
yes , this is possible without apps . the icons on the lockscreen are the same ones that you chose for the home screen : here you see the icons i originally had on both screens : by changing the apps on my home screen adjacent to all apps , this change is mirrored on the lock screen : to change the icons adjacent to all apps on your home screen , long-press them until you can move them around then drop the old icons either into the trash can ( that appears when you long press ) or into a free space on another part of the home screen . you can then replace it with an icon of your choice .
there are various lock screen apps on the market , but so far the best i have seen is widgetlocker , very customizable and in my opinion worth the small price .
a custom rom is basically any rom ( the android image ) that did not come from the manufacturer of the device . as for why you had do this , there are a few reasons some manufacturers do not bother providing updates after device release . custom roms can provide a newer android version than the manufacturer and thus provide additional features and security updates . also , there are various features that some manufacturers do not include , such as 2-way call recording . custom roms using custom kernels can provide these features .
i have used nitrodesk 's touchdown for that . it does the full exchange experience . not free , but not too horrible . i really liked it -- but ultimately uninstalled it as my current android phone is a little gimpy on processor power . . .
the problem is that some systems think of different ways to use the exif information . there are several possiblities , but for the motorola milestone ( droid in the us ) it was that the picture got a " rotated " mark in the exif , but it did not get the height/width set correctly ( example : lets say you have a hxw = 3x4 camera . if you take a landscape shot , you will get the normal hxw= 3x4 sized shot , and everything is fine . if you take a portrait shot , you still get the hxw = 3x4 ( but you would want to see hxw = 4x3 ) , and an extra mark that says " this shot was rotated ) . some programs could work with this ( twitpic for instance ) , but some coudn't . now you might face the same issue . i would look into your shots , and check what the exif says . if the exif has one of these issues , you might need to change ( possibly use some sort of automatic process ) the exif . also , another viewer might help here .
this is now possible ( may 2011 ) : check out the demonstration video . note that this is available only for the Nexus S for now , but it should soon work for all android 2.3 devices .
the service is not available yet for android devices : voice and video in gmail only works with the newer version of gmail in supported browsers : ff 2.0+ , ie 6.0+ , safari 3.0+ , and google chrome . however , it is likely they have something in the works . in the meantime , there are alternative services like fring and qik .
my sgs2 has a scratch . normal use , probably my keys did it , i assumed the gorilla glass would be safe , but was sorely disappointed ! wish i would shelled out for protection !
the s2 has samsung 's toughened gorilla glass screen , see the videos in this answer to a previous question for attempts to scratch the gorilla glass on an original galaxy s : looking for a robust android smartphone i can say that i have had an original galaxy s for over a year now , and regularly keep it in a trouser pocket with my house keys , have dropped it a few times , and other slight accidents , and while the back and sides of the cover have scratches and chips on them the screen is still absolutely unmarked . however what you might want to consider is the fact that the camera lens on the back apparently is not gorilla glass , see this question is samsung galaxy s ii rear camera gorilla glass too ?
just got mine a few weeks ago . i do not think you will need a screen protector but at the same time if you put your phone in the same pocket as your keys or even spare change , you are asking for trouble
it is very tough but not magic , i do have a very tiny scratch on mine i have no idea how it got there . the only way to scratch something is with a substance that is harder than it is , the mohs scale is used to show the hardness of materials . i have read that non-oxidized aluminum according to the mohs hardness scale has a hardness of 2.75 , gorilla glass is estimated to be about 7.5 but aluminum oxide , aluminum will get a coating it is like rust on iron but this is aluminum , the aluminum oxide has a hardness of 9 . aluminum oxide is better known as corundum mohs 9 but high quality versions are called ruby and sapphire . so if you have old oxidized aluminum car or house keys maybe some coins or whatever they will probably scratch a gorilla glass screen since they are harder than it .
it depends on your needs : do you want to conserve battery ? then underclock the cpu do you want better performance ? then overclock the cpu typically there are different kernels that you can flash for your device . different kernels offer different clockspeeds . some of them will also under volt your phone to consume less power . the disadvantage of undervolting is that the phone may not be able to run faster clockspeeds . additionally , your phone may not overclock to the same speed as another phone due to one processor being physically different than another processor ( no two processors are made 100% exactly alike . when overclocking you are stepping beyond the bounds and specifications that your phone was designed to run at ) . what will happen is your phone will enter a boot loop if it is unable to run the kernel at a specific speed ( you will have to flash a new kernel or revert to a previous nandroid backup ) . i do not know of specific kernels for the g1 , but for example there is a set of kernels by chevyno1 for the droid1 . the general steps are : run a nandroid backup choose a voltage : ultra low , low , or normal start with the kernel with the lowest overclocked speed flash that kernel . use setcpu to set the clock speed to the max . if the phone remains stable , then choose the next kernel with the same voltage with a slightly faster clockspeed and try to run it at its max speed . if the phone does not remain stable , then revert to your last nandroid backup or the last kernel that ran stable on your phone
i on battery mine is unstable at 633 mhz on froyo by laszlo kernel , but on charger it works . using 595 is stable , you can set it in performance settings , you do not need app with this kernel . i set minimal on min 122 . as i know this msm7201a has 2 cpus , not changing frequency , but rather switch between cores . ( found this information on wikipedia ) i have this old telephone and found it a bit hard to operate sometimes , but its still powerful enough to run most applications needed , and with those applications on sd ext i can perform almost anything , but the battery life is a bit small . but lets say its first android telephone ( 2008 ) , full qwerty and lot of fun making it operate .
like most sms , contacts , or dialer apps , the contact photos either come from : facebook google other apps manually set by user ( owner of phone ) in the last case , only you can see it . it is not possible to share / broadcast this image since it is your photo that you added to your own local contact . for facebook contacts or google contacts , the photos come from the profile picture of your social media account . this is what is visible to other users , only if they have shown facebook / google contacts , instead of just phone contacts . otherwise , they still will not see your photo .
i have an at and t galaxy siii . i use betterbatterystats when i have battery issues . lately i have been having problems with the calendar sync service keeping the phone awake . i cleared its data and resynced from scratch , and that helped , but a few hours ago i created a new calendar , and now it is going bonkers again . anyway , the best i have been able to get is about 3% per hour when not being actively used . i might have seen 2.5% one time , but that was a few months ago . typically though , especially with this calendar sync problem , i see 4.5% per hour or worse . so if your question is , " how long should the battery last ? " my best answer from my experience is about 24-28 hours , considering an average 3% per hour drain while idle , and light usage . if you make a few long phone calls , that will , of course , drain it much faster . but any apps that go haywire and cause excess wakelocks will wreck it quick . i love the freedom of android compared to ios , but i really want more control over apps background behavior . android 4.3 may provide this , but who knows if the siii will ever get it .
for a fix open settings> apps go the all tab , swipe left 2x 's scroll down to samsung keyboard and tap it tap on force close , then ok tap on clear cache tap on clear data , then ok problem should be fixed ! ! ! google search keywords galaxy rugby keyboard typing wrong letters
in my understanding since there is no " rotating disk " but only solid memory like internal rom and sd card , access time to every single location in the storage is the same regardless the actual position of the data you want to load so defragmentation is unnecessary .
defragging a normal windows machine with a normal " spinning disk " hard disk drive rarely produces a noticeable speed improvement , certainly nothing like a lot of the 3rd party companies advertise , and even in edge cases where people are regularly creating and deleting extremely large ( yet irregularly sized ) files , you will rarely notice any improvement from running it any more often than every 6 months or so . it is more of a psychological placebo benefit in most cases . superuser:does defragmenting really help ? phones do not have spinning hard disks , they use a variety of flash memory , this has massively faster random read speeds than a disk that needs to rotate until the right piece of data is under the read head . also the controller circuitry in flash memory arranges the data itself as the data is written , allowing it to " write-level " across all of the flash disk and avoid problem parts of memory . see these superuser questions on that topic for more info do i need to run defrag on an ssd ? , is it bad to defragment a usb flash drive ? in addition from honeycomb ( android 3 . x ) onwards , the android os by default does not give an attached pc full access to the internal file-system , instead of mounting as a usb drive it uses mtp to control how the pc can access the memory , and only the sd card is allowed to be mounted as a normal usb drive . as far as i am aware there is no way for a pc to get enough access to the file-system to do a defrag over mtp . tl ; dr the way that flash memory works means that a defrag actually does almost nothing , and may have a slight side-effect of slightly reducing the life-span of your phone 's storage .
just got the same issue today . reboot the phone once more , and you should be able to re-add the widgets back manually . unfortunately there seems to be no other way to do this . some widgets ( bookmarks for example ) were not even available for adding without additional phone reboot .
create an animation script ( text ) file as desc.txt with the following content : 240 320 24 p 1 0 part0  explanation : in first line 240 320 24 , 240 320 is the device 's resolution and 24 is the frames per second . higher the number , faster the animation . in second line p 1 0 part0 , p is a code to tell it to look at new commands , 1 is the number of times the boot animation will play ( 0 means infinite ) , 0 is a code to tell it to pause . 0 means no pause , 10 means pause for 10 seconds - repeating or moving on to next line . part0 is the foler in which your animation images are contained . could you please check whether fourth parameter is 0 ? if not set it to 0 for infinite loop .
i was able to figure this out after troubleshooting . i partitioned out my hdd and installed ubuntu 13.04 . once completed i installed android tools via terminal sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb i recreated the entire boot animation using gimp and 7zip and pushed it back to the device adb push /system/media/bootanimation.zip . it worked . for what ever reason creating it in windows was not working .
i think itzik samara 's answer is all you need . but i thought i would add some information for people without cwm or with a version that can not delete the battery stats for some reason ( as you had this concern initially yourself ) . this can also be done less elegantly via adb firstly ensure your device is fully charged . do not do the below without charging fully ! reboot your phone into recovery . mount /system and /data in the partitions menu . open up a cmd prompt : adb pull /data/system/batterystats . bin batterystats . bin this command save the batterystats . bin in the same directory as your adb . run : adb shell and finally : rm /data/system/batterystats . bin this removes the entire battery stats file from the device . it will be rebuilt on reboot .
try those steps source
sounds like you will need to roll your own telephony gateway . this kind of thing can get complicated very quickly , so your milage will depend on the amount of free time you have to devote to the project and your knowledge of telecommunications . at its most basic , you need to do this : a quick google search revealed asterisk as a free , open-source option for creating your own gateway . you will need desktop/server hardware that can communicate with ethernet and analog phone lines as well as sip client software for your android phone ( like sipdroid ) . this kind of setup should allow you to receive all calls on your android phone and place calls from your android through your land line . asterisk seems to have decent documentation and community support so it should just be a matter of putting it all together and getting the gateway configured correctly .
i was looking for a device like this myself , and could not find anything , so i will put it on my wish list for some fun with electronic projects to make someday . however an alternative for now but not exactly what you want because it still uses the internet however at least you can use the android to answer your landline calls is to get a free google voip or other fee based voip service like callcentric and set up the softphone app on the phone ( softphone not work with google voice , have to use googles software for that ) then set your landline to forward all calls to your voip phone , if not know how to set a landline to forward calls ask your phone service they will tell you its a few key presses , however your landline will not ring until you deactivate that setting , unless the phone service has option to ring n# of time then forward the call , but probably an extra fee for that . anyway that is kind of a work around until someone makes such a thing , but the demand for that is probably low , since the trend in the public is to only have cell service , and not use landlines . however for me it is a neat idea and want to make it for myself , will probably use scraps from an old useless phone , add in a cheap microcontroller with a bluetooth to talk to the android then write some software to make it all work the way i want it to . probably can do it with a pc and pc modem , and route the audio to the bluetooth , but i not want to have a full big box pc on consuming power 24/7 just for that .
if you ' re looking to get your home phone call to your cell device , you just need to call your cell from your home phone and then press *72 i believe and your calls will be send to your cell phone . check your land phone provide to find how to do that . . . not sure it is 72 . . . but pretty sure , then to get the call back to your land line , you press *73 on your land phone . hope this help .
the answer to the question is yes and i do it . i use a raspberry pi running raspbx so within the house most things are sip or dect . my main phone is a gigaset dx800a which supports sip and also dect . these dect phones attached to the dx800a become sip extensions . the phone in my office is an aastra 6739i ( sip ) with a sennheiser dect headset . i have a linksys spa3102-uk which connects the pstn landline to the raspberry pi . the mobile phone can run any sip software and become an internal extension , and thus make and receive landline calls . as to being a workable solution then it depends on your cellphone coverage and how you use your cellphone ( do you need sms ? ) . another useful configuration is the dx800a will allow you to connect to you cell phone via bluetooth and make a receive calls from the dx800a or any dect handsets attached to it . so in this situation you carry around a dect handset and you can make and receive calls from both the mobile number and landline number . i would like to find an app that converts the mobile into a sip/gsm gateway such that the android phone can be connected to the asterisk based raspbx and be used to make outgoing and incoming calls via gsm . this way i could use my calling plan to make calls from my sip based desk phone going out via the mobile ( routing controlled by raspbx ) . but do not know of one as yet .
/etc/hosts is in this context is really only good for blacklisting . for whitelisting , you had be best off using a proxy server and then setting your device to use it in your device 's network settings . you can subscribe to an existing proxy server service , or set up your own at home . that should be enough info to get you googling to the answers you need . i have added a little more detail to this answer on your original thread . fyi , using a proxy server does not require rooting .
the hosts file acts sort of like a local dns , it will check the hosts file for the domain and see if there is an assigned ip address in it . if there is , that is the ip address used for the domain . you can not set a white list , but you could do more of a black list . the file looks something like this : somebaddomain . com 127.0.0.1 someotherdomain . com 127.0.0.1 this would make any request to either of those domains resolve to localhost . if the domain is not in the file , it will then hit the external dns to attempt to get the ip address . there is a catch to this , you will need root to modify the hosts file .
/etc/hosts does not allow wildcards ( see here : http://serverfault.com/questions/118378/in-my-etc-hosts-file-on-linux-osx-how-do-i-do-a-wildcard-subdomain ) . two more links about /etc/hosts : howto configure your hosts file : http://www.linuxhomenetworking.com/wiki/index.php/quick_howto_: ch03 :_linux_networking#configuring_your_ . 2fetc . 2fhosts_file large example file with nice intro header : http://someonewhocares.org/hosts/ small android app that allows you to add an entry to the hosts file ( requires root ) : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.pof.add2hosts
program storage is the amount of space taken up by the actual app , i.e. the apk size , personal data storage is the space taken up by your personal data . i.e. if you have a to-do list program it would likely create a database and all the to-do are added to the database which would take up personal data storage space . the only way to reduce personal data storage is to clear the app data , but this will delete all your personal data for the app , i.e. settings and based on the example above all of your to-do 's . what i tend to do is go to settings > applications > manage applications and then go to the all tab . then on the menu go to sort by size and clear some of the apps near the top that take the most amount of size that are not a big deal if i lose the data . google maps is usually one that takes a lot of personal data storage space . hope this helps
happy to help . here 's a link to a solution that worked . notable is the fact that this works for at least two devices that i have troubleshooted , so there is a high probability that this will work for you . while i did not have the liberty of connecting my device ( a galaxy nexus gsm ) in the usb mode , i did see all my files in the mtp mode after doing everything exactly as it is detailed . all the best !
no it is not . commercial gps receivers ( like the one in your phone ) only work below 18 km and below 515 m/sec . the rationale behind this is that this way they can not be used in ballistic missiles ( yes , i am serious . ) in order to circumvent this you had need to flash a different firmware to your gps chip , if you did not do this you are safe . no current android device ships with munitions grade gps receiver .
try clearing the cache and data of the market application .
i think i found the problem . i turned option off that lets use 3rd party apps internet connection as was recommended on one blog on power plan optimization on android .
adb shell ls -l /data/data command will get you the file and directory listing you are looking for . specifically for angry birds space , try adb pull com.rovio.angrybirdsspace.ads/files/highscores.lua C:\abs_highscores.lua
no issue but make sure do not use charger which is not your phone 's
no , this will not cause any issues . i am having the same case as yours ( using xperia l 's usb cable with a nexus 4 ) and have not faced any issues with nexus 4 or the xperia .
you probably need download and install lg tools and drivers from lg web site . and follow the software instructions . also this is the site for ireland http://www.lg.com/ie/android/index.jsp , mentioning upgrade of gt540 to android 2.1 eclair . you may also check these two references : - http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1032744 - http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=803695 i learned a lot from xda forums and beware most of things in xda are on your responsibility , meaning yes , there is a chance you can brick your phone .
backup your phone this is important if you wish to keep any data from your phone . you will have to restore backed up data ( such as apps ) after you update . the only way to update to the latest software is to erase your device , so backup whatever you do not want to lose . extract the . zip file , which you can download from this androidforum thread or this xda thread . open the folder and install msxml 4.0 sp3 parser ( msxml . msi ) . once that has finished , install lgandroiddriver_whql_ml_ver1.0_all_win7 . exe which are the drivers so your computer will recognize your phone . windows xp users download this driver , extract the contents anywhere ( e . g . desktop ) , right-click on the ' android_usb . inf ' file and click ' install ' . next , open kdz_fw_upd . exe ( i ) change ' type ' to '3gqct ' this is a must , the update will not work otherwise and you may brick your phone ( ii ) make sure ' phonemode ' is set to ' diag ' ( iii ) browse for the ' v20b_00+fastboot . kdz ' file . prepare the phone by enabling usb debugging by going to settings> applications> development> enable usb debugging and connect the phone to the computer via usb cable and wait for the drivers to install for the phone . sometimes the computer still will not recognize the phone , if this is the case , try this : windows vista and windows 7 users press start and type device manager ( windows xp users right click ' my computer ' and click properties , then click the hardware tab and click device manager ) then locate lge android platform modem , right click it and click disable . accept any warnings that come up . also , make sure you have disabled mass storage mode on your phone . to do this , go to settings> storage> enable mass storage , and untick the box . click ' launch software update ' and do not use your computer until the update is complete . the update will take roughly 10-20 mins to complete . this method was found in the androidforums . there is also a youtube tutorial on rooting the gt540 . bricking is always a possibility when modifying software that does not come directly through the intended channels that said , the methods here have been proven to work and your risk is significantly less if you perform these steps correctly . let us know if you need any help !
sense is made by htc for htc so no you can not put it on other phones . that said , i recently read an article that blinkfeed and some of their other cooler closed source apps are going to be made available on the play store for other devices later this year . looks like blinkfeed specifically is already avaialable . hope this helps . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.htc.launcher
uc browser is as efficient as opera in compression .
there are also uc browser and puffin web browser that have data compression feature . but i always prefer opera mini .
i think not . a least , not efficiently . if you want to do that , you need servers , big servers , so you need a big company to run thoses big servers . so i would be very surprised if that big company does not advertise for its product , as opera did .
there is the turbo feature in opera mobile -- the same ui as mini with a more normal renderer . the compression is less effective , though .
there is gomarks . looks promising .
dolphin can actually sync with google bookmarks . dolphin is widely used , so that is a plus in terms of trustworthiness . searching the bookmarks is not very nice though , but you can filter by tags
to use " root powers " , an app needs to explicitly request those from the system . to my knowledge , astro file manager does not include this feature , but e.g. es file explorer does . for most of the newer/updated apps , you can tell that by their permissions : if those include android.permission.ACCESS_SUPERUSER , they request " root powers " . alas : as this permission is not " mandatory " yet , its missing does not necessarily mean an app will not request root access . the feature you need is called " root explorer " . mentioned es file explorer offers this , but you may have to manually enable it in its settings . that done , it should show you everything in the file system .
i would say that the practical anwser is no . although you could theoreticaly make an appliction/script that would swith to 2g before a cal , the script would have to wait a few seconds before making a call while the phone switches signals . this will make it no faster than manualy changing it before calling . i suggest you put the 2g/3g widget near your dialer and press it before you enter the dialer , by the time you choose a contact the phone should be ready to call . another option has to do with rooting and voiding your warranty : flashing different modems ( radio images ) from xda . some modems hold to signals much more aggresively ( but use more battery ) . the last and most obvious option ( the one that i would choose in your place ) is to just stay in 2g mode when in the city . since the signal is so bad you drop calls i would guess that data speeds are slow and dropping too . you will also gain in battery life beacuse the phone will not be constantly searching and droping signals . in any case i would consider changing the carrier if there is a better option where you live .
if you constantly get a poor 3g signal , you may want to switch the signal preference to favor 2g instead of 3g . here 's a way to do it on ics : in dialer , press *#*#4636#*#* go to ' phone information ' swipe to this ' set preferred network type ' assuming it is ' wcdma preferred ' , change it to ' gsm auto ( prl ) ' this setting will change its signal quality threshold , allowing it to switch from 3g to 2g ' earlier ' . use at your own risk though . . . to address your question of automatically switching signal when you make a call , you might be able to hammer something out on tasker if you are so inclined ( i may give it a try later to satisfy my own curiosity xd ) . one problem is forsee though , is that i believe it takes a bit of time to switch signals , so it might affect your call ( or its quality ) .
i think i have got the solution to your problem , rather our problem . i have been facing this issue for a couple of weeks now , during which i was not able to make any calls when my network mode is set as wcdma or gsm/wcdma auto . i called up my network operator , and they were able to provide me a solution . in the call settings menu , inside additional settings , there is a setting for displaying the caller id in outgoing calls . i had changed this setting to ' hide number ' , and that was the reason i was not able to make any calls in the wcdma mode . after i changed it to ' network default ' or ' show number ' , i was able to make calls even in the wcdma mode . : ) hope this helps you too .
in general , the slower your clock speed , the less power consumption will be used on your device . but if you are lowering your clock speed . . . then things will run sluggish , especially if you drop below the 500mhz range . setcpu has different " profiles " that controls the behavior of your cpu . you can make it run at full maximum performance ( for best response times and worst battery usage ) , but typically you use the default one where it only " speeds up " the processor when it is actually used and needed . you could , for example , have setcpu lower your clock speed to something much lower than normal when the screen is off . kernels also matter . some people have made " low voltage " kernels that can help with your battery life . but your mileage will vary with using kernels other than the stock one because they usually go outside the bounds of your cpu 's specifications ( so a " low voltage " kernel may work well on one device but not another device ) . device manufacturers want you to have a good experience with your device at stock settings . by changing the clock speed ( to a lower speed ) , you should be expecting a degradation in performance at the cost of better battery life .
this is because your phone is not rooted . by default , only the application itself can access files in /data/data/com.whatever , so that casual users do not edit the files and break the app . to see these files , you need to root the device and use a file explorer tool that can use root ( this is usually called a " root explorer " app or feature ) .
according to gsmarena , this phone does not support usb-on-the-go .
this greatly depends on the dialer application you are using . on stock " vanilla " android that ships with google/aosp dialer app , there is no such option , and you will have to find a 3rd-party dialer app that has such a feature ( e . g . dialer one or pp , for example . ) some manufacturers like samsung and htc replace the default dialer app with their own that has many more features , and may already include the one you are looking for ( grouping records by caller . )
you can organize your contacts by syncronizing all of them into your google account . once you do that you can organize them throught the gmail page . below of google logo there is a menu were you can choose contacts there you can organize them in an easy way
why not try other apps like solid explorer , es file explorer or explorer ? they have options to show hidden files .
you should try astro file manager . you can not find your hidden folders or files ? astro fm is very robust and due to user requests , astro added the ability to override " global settings " with " directory specific settings " . first , go to look and feel under preferences ( menu , more , preferences , look and feel ) . click on show hidden files . if this does not work , it is because the directory that you have created some directory specific settings on the directory you are in . you can either : a ) go back to look and feel and click reset directories which will wipe out any directory specific settings , or b ) go to the directory your hidden files are in ( probably your sd card directory ) and click view , set directory options , and click show hidden files in that directory . taken from here
first , you should be aware of the difference between " hidden folders " and " inaccessible folders": hidden folders : names start with a dot , e.g. /sdcard/.android_secure . these files you can see enabling the " hidden files " option in file explorers . inaccessible folders : folders you will not see due to lacking permissions , e.g. those in /data . to protect your apps ' data , those folders belong to the corresponding application , and are only accessible by the app ( in the context of file-permissions ; please see the tag 's wiki for closer information on those ) . to make those visible , you need root access on your device , and a file explorer supporting that ( e . g . es file explorer ) so while you were asking for the former ( "hidden folders" ) , you were really referring to the latter : data/com.android.lmt/ belongs to the lmt launcher .
phablets are basically tablet / phone crossovers . best examples are samsung’s galaxy note and lg’s optimus vu . as per computerworld : a phablet is a phone with a screen so big that it can be used as a tablet . there are no defined boundaries whatsoever in terms of screen sizes ; so any tablet with phone ( telephony ) capabilities might also be termed a phablet .
there are holo themes available for the t-mobile/cyanogenmod theme chooser . if you have the theme chooser you just download a holo theme from the market select it . you can find out more about cyanogenmod ( has the theme chooser built in ) here .
go to System settings &gt; Storage &gt; Upper right button: USB computer connection &gt; Media device (MTP) .
these steps can be follow in android : kitkat version to switch from media device to camera or vice versa . . . connect your device with the computer . it will automatically detect the usb connection . there are two ways to redirect to settings of media device/camera . in case of no usb connection detect please check the cable or driver for device . from notification . there is notification at notification screen . connected as camera/media device . it will redirect to usb computer connection . or in another settings--> storage--> navigation right button --> usb computer connection > media device ( mtp ) / camera ptp . hopes it will help you .
try screen filter .
the clock app is setting flags on its own fullscreen window that override the system default screen brightness , but this only affects that app 's window . see the source for deskclock . java the flags used are documented on the android developer site , in particular : float brightness_override_off value for screenbrightness and buttonbrightness indicating that the screen or button backlight brightness should be set to the lowest value when this window is in front . so , the deskclock is not using anything special to dim the screen , but it can only affect its own window .
if you want to read books in low light , use foxit reader , it can dim the screen nearly as clock .
you have to install the boot image that is included in the cyanogenmod zip file an flash that in fastboot : connect your device with vol-up while plugging in the usb-cable fastboot devices  seeing your serial number means we know all is good . now type these commands : fastboot erase system -w fastboot erase boot  then copy the boot . img in the same folder as fastboot . exe and type fastboot flash boot boot.img fastboot reboot  now press the vol-down button to enter the recovery mode again and install your image
most probably , there is no way . your tablet screen and your tv screen use different resolutions and refresh rates , which is generally too much to handle simultaneously for the graphics chip in your tablet .
did you try to add it from the email app itself ? go into the app and and select the " manual setup " option , and then you will be able to add a pop3 , imap , or exchange account .
k9 mail may have an option to connect to your account . see https://github.com/k9mail/k-9/wiki/k9mailandexchange
the mdm solution can require that you set a pin . the google apps device policy app , for example , can require you to set a pin . this is described in the google device policy for android if you want more details .
though i do not have an answer to your question - i suggest you check powertutor ( at powertutor . org ) and see if it helps in the interim and/or long term
it is possible that you are long-pressing the icon and then sliding it over to the other screen . this is also how you could put it back where you want it without deleting and re-adding the icon/widget . several times i have inadvertantly rested a finger on the keyboard long enough to bring up the menu .
the g2 is indeed supposed to have 4gb but the desire z ( which is g2 's twin with sense , for europe ) only gets 2gb . it seems like a mix-up occured somehow between the 2 phones , because a lot of g2s only have 2gb . i guess t-mobile knows the issue and maybe you could get another phone .
the g2 does indeed have 4gb of internal storage , but not all of it is visible to the operating system . the internal memory ( /dev/block/mmcblk0 ) shows up as 2256 mb which place it solidly in the this-is-4gb-of-memory camp . there are several reasons for confusion on this point . of the 2256mb of internal memory visible to the os , 1.3gb is allocated to /data ( storage for apps ) . this 1.3gb is what you see when you look at " internal phone storage " in settings-> sd card and phone storage . partitioning in this was has been standard on all android phones . the new part with the g2 is where the rest of the 4gb of internal memory are . there has been wild speculation on this point , but a backup copy of the entire os portion of the phone or space for future updates make the most sense .
odin is an internal samsung tool used for flashing firmware to their devices ( via download mode , bypassing recovery etc . ) . importantly , it also has the ability to repartition the device storage based on a . pit file , which can save you from softbricking ( when flashing goes wrong and recovery/the bootloader fail ) . it is not open source and to my knowledge they have not intentionally released it &mdash ; a few versions have been leaked . for what it is worth , i have used the version posted here without issue . heimdall , however , is open source and duplicates the functionality of odin . it claims to be more reliable as well , in addition to being cross-platform ( odin is windows-only ) . both tools appear to work best with galaxy s devices , so if you are using another device you probably want to ensure someone else has tried it and succeeded . another note is that they use . tar packages layed out differently than the normal update . zip format used by recovery and otas , so you need to get the proper package for it to work .
this is normal , because google search offers its own predictions/corrections . it is kind of silly , but that is how it works .
android does not have a distinction between " text fields " and " text areas " like html has . one control , called TextView ( or EditText , but they are both the same underlying control ) handles all text fields , whether they are editable or not , and whether they are one line or several . that is not to say that every text field behaves the same way . TextView gives the app the opportunity to set hints for the keyboard , to tell it what kind of text is being edited ( called the input type ) . one input type tells the keyboard that the text being entered is a search filter . the keyboard 's free to interpret these hints however it likes : in this case , google keyboard does not show any word completions/suggestions when the input type is a search filter . you can avoid this problem by using a different keyboard app which interprets the input type and other hints differently . for example , swiftkey shows word completions for search filters just like for normal text . ( i have just tested it on google search . ) swiftkey also supports gesture typing like the default keyboard . if you are interested , you can learn more about the different hints apps can give to the keyboard by playing with my app im prove . ( it is a free app with no ads , so all i get if you use it is a warm fuzzy feeling when you leave a good rating . ) with this app , you can set all the hints , and see what effect they have on your keyboard . you can compare different keyboards this way .
make sure your device is connected . open Device Manager . in USB Devices , find a SAMSUNG composite device ( can not capture a screenshot because it goes away ) . right click , choose Uninstall and make sure to check " get rid of that sheet of driver software " . . . well . . . i mean " delete driver software too " . disconnect and reconnect usb , or clik detect devices button windows detects the phone and installs the plain old mtp driver . optional step : report to samsung optional step 2: upvote : )
i have had this issue for a couple of months now with the whole mtp connection when i have not plugged it in . turns out i just needed to clean the usb port on my s2 . it had its little fit of unplugged/plugged in while i was cleaning and stopped once cleaned .
i had this problem recently and found out that i just have to clean my usb port .
i am also a user of samsung galaxy s2 . mine is rooted but all the indicators of your phone are pointing to a hardware problem . there is most probably a short-circuit like instantaneous electric jumps inside the motherboard . most of your problems can be answered rationally by uncontrolled electric jumps . for instance plugging the usb cable ( namely a power source ) directly starts the phone , indicating that there is a short circuit which transfers the usb power to the power button of the phone whereas they should be insulated . when you power-off the phone , it restarts . this may be explained with a short-circuit of the phone 's battery with the power button . so on and so forth . . .
i am experiencing the same exact issues here with an at and t galaxy s2 bought oct 26 at best buy . i did root and have tried various roms along with returning to bone stock with no help . i have called at and t for replacement but i have found 2 possible solutions in my research on the internet : i saw a random post somewhere about a user who tried cm7 ( cyanogen mod 7 ) rom and for whatever reason . it has rendered my phone very usable with none of the above issues for a few days now . for curiosity , i switched back to another rom i had used before , and the problems came back immediately . needless to say , i am not sure why cm7 did any good . i also came across a post suggesting to use a small paintbrush and rubbing alcohol to swab out the usb port area . several users reported success from this . i have not tried this yet but plan to .
do not touch the screen . instead , use the tab and the arrow keys on the bluetooth keyboard to navigate . this way , the pop-up keyboard will never come up . it is a challenge . there are a lot of shortcuts and tricks to learn , but it is more convenient once you get the hang of it . i guess the simplest answer would be to get a bluetooth mouse as well . use that to select things instead of touching the screen .
there is a way but not an easy way . you can use keyboards like null keyboard . a keyboard that does nothing . yes , really . this keyboard is useful if you have an external bluetooth keyboard paired with your phone and you want to stop the on-screen keyboard from popping up all the time . the problem is every time you change mode you have to change the input method .
the android browser 's capability and version is responsible for playing the video . there are couple of browsers which do not support the video codecs . you need to see the compatibility matrix and make sure you put correct format of the video on server . http://developer.android.com/guide/appendix/media-formats.html
you should be able to just tether and while your phone is connected to the wifi network that connection should be used . if this is not the case turning off the mobile data should force it to use the wifi connection
install kies ; it automatically installs all the required drivers . then , tether to your computer via wi-fi hotspot , bluetooth , or usb . i always use it like that with my s3 .
one way to achieve what you want would include the following steps : ( temporarily ) rooting the device converting the app in question into a system app ( e . g . using titanium backup ★ root , but there are also other apps helping you with this step ) unroot the device again as the app now resides in read-only space ( /system ) , the user cannot delete it without either rooting the device or flashing a rom -- which of course could be done , but it is a higher inhibition threshold at least .
izzy 's method works just fine , but if you do not want to temporarily root your device ( s ) , you could make an update script which copies your app to the root of the device , so that it is been recognised as a stock app . take a look at the following tutorial : http://www.londatiga.net/it/how-to-create-android-update-zip-package/
is the app developed by your organisation ? if you can control the source code of the app , you may prevent users accidentally uninstalling your app with the help of devicepolicymanager . the advantage is that you do not need to convert the app in every tablet to be an system app . once the app is installed from google play , it can not be uninstalled unless users disable the devicepolicymanager in security settings . if you can not change the app , then convertit to a system app . because there are many devices to handle , you should write a script to do the job . in both ways , if the users really want to uninstall your app , they can always find a way . so make sure your user do not hate your app .
this happens to myself , you would have to turn the device off several times whilst your usb is connected and just wait for it to stay turned off , once its turned off it will not turn back on unless upon reconnection . it is a very old phone and is not a good phone so this is why it is like this . i wish there was a better resolution myself but after browsing the internet for around an hour i figured i would help a somebody else and let them know what i know . thanks .
no , you do not need to have your phone rooted to enable a portable hotspot . not quite sure why it is not working for you , but here are the reasons it has not worked for me at various times . no cell data connection . i have tried using the hotspot as a relay to another wi-fi network without any success . the original wi-fi connection is shut down . misconfigured wi-fi security on the attaching devices .
if you got your gapps from goo.im , you could manually check if the md5sum of the . zip file you downloaded is correct . this would assure you that the file has not been tampered with . if flashing through clockworkmod recovery , there is this option : install zip from sdcard &gt; toggle signature verification .
all android apps are signed . android will not run an unsigned app . in addition , the signatures are tied to the app permissions , such that if the signature was wrong , other apps would not be able to talk with it , and you would not be able to receive updates to it from google play . android signing is discussed in more depth in signing your applications in the android developer documentation , from which the above information was drawn . if you are paranoid and want to verify an app 's signature , you can use the jarsigner utility included with the java development kit ( jdk ) . for example : jarsigner -verify -verbose -certs Vending.apk 
it is worth an attempt to try it . however you will risk the chance of bricking the device . most of the time roms are created for specific phones because they have specific radios that work with the carrier . among other aspects . it would be very important to know exactly what phone you had and what rom you intended to use .
there is an application called 3d gallery . this application supports using picasa from the google account . after installing and launching it will ask you for permission to access picasa and then you will browse the online library as if its local with options to copy .
try removing and re-adding the account .
here 's what you have to do : go into the gallery long click on a photo , choose " share " and then choose " picasa " on the " upload photo " screen add a new album , then upload the photo ( it does not matter what album , you just need to add one to create a new folder in picasa . this is the trick to linking your phone and your picasa web albums ) . after it is done uploading ( check on the web to make sure it worked ) from the home screen hit the menu button and go to settings > accounts and sync > click on your gmail address that is associated with picasa . now you should see " sync picasa web albums " in the menu . if that does not work . try restarting after that process , and then if that still does not work . . . :o (
i have a t-mobile vibrant and when i was running the stock samsung 2.1 touchwiz i did not have this option to sync to picasa . but i am now running a 2.2 rom and i can sync it . i would say to try to log in to picasa via your pc first , and maybe upload a photo , create a gallery , things like that . then go back in to your device and see if you can sync it . you will go in to your google account in accounts and sync and it should have the option in there to sync . you do not have to add another account on the main accounts and sync screen . it will also work with google apps accounts , if they have been upgraded to the " full google account " by the apps administrator .
you need to install the gallery 3d app . it is not available on the market but here is a link for the apk which you will need to download to your sd card and install manually ( use astro , or similar ) . ( dmitriy already gave this answer but i had the link and was not sure you had seen my comment so i have added this as an answer too )
use drony : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.sandroproxyhl=en if you need any help regarding how to configure , this can help .
these voices were the result of having the so-called " roaming tone " enabled in the sound settings . strangely , the description of this setting is : roaming tone set notification tone informing the status of cellular service after disabling this option , she no longer speaks to me when i receive a phone call or turn on/off airplane mode . though i have no idea how a speaking voice is considered a " notification tone " . . .
i do not actually know for sure , but you can certainly test it out . you can turn on usb debugging , which will let you mount your phone as any other external drive , or you can get a micro-sd adaptor if you have an sd slot already . it should just work .
yes , i did that myself , like this : power the phone off and remove the old sd card mount the old sd on a pc , copy its entire contents somewhere on your hard disk mount the new sd card on a pc , format it as fat or fat32 ( make sure it is the same file-system as the old one ) copy the contents of the old sd card onto the new one insert the new sd card into the phone , power it on .
you could use tasker to handle the proximity thing . additionally have you tried clicking the power button ?
dual file manager
root the device ( in this case the razr d3 ) install the application ( a game i.e. ) in the memory sd . unroot the device ( to have the last update of the s.o. , i do not have find how to unroot an razr d3 ) i do not have test this solution but maybe in a few weeks i will try it : ) links : http://youtu.be/3wzbb4w0-ds how to root d1 and d3 device . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ja8tknwtek how to use gl to sd ( root ) well , basicly the problem is that we will avoid the warranty of the mobile .
please check the place where you downloaded the rom from , it usually contains installation instructions . in most cases , these roms use the update.zip mechanism of the recovery mode , as matthew mentioned . you might need a custom recovery ( see clockworkmod and twrp and their tag-wikis , clockworkmod resp . twrp , for examples ) . the process then usually is as follows : copy the .zip to your sdcard boot into recovery-mode select to " apply update from sdcard " navigate to and select your .zip let it flash go back to the main menu and select to " reboot device "
one way you can create a custom place in google maps is by putting a name in parentheses after the address . for example , search for "123 4th st ( bob 's place ) " and you will see a place bubble on the map with the name " bob 's place " and the specified address . then you can star that and save it for later .
google maps for android allows storing places/locations by starring them , this should also work for every place on the map , not just places and businesses . long press on the point on the map you want to star the address will load , press it in the upper right corner is a little gray star , select it these stars are also synced on maps . google . com if you are logged in with your account . the star will be named after the nearest address , but it will be exactly at the point you selected .
boot into odin mode , plug into laptop , get custom recovery and root via odin ( this does not wipe data ) then in the custom recovery do a nandroid backup then clear dalvik cache and try to boot . if this does not work then sorry you are gonna need to flash a custom rom or stock rom again
for your reboot problem , it sounds like your boot order is booting off the . iso , i.e. , cdrom , before it looks for the disk partition where you installed android . shut everything down and disconnect the . iso . you can just delete the cd device under the controller within virtualbox settings-> storage . you probably should not just change the boot order or you will have trouble reinstalling if you ever need to . however , if you want to change the order , look under settings-> system-> motherboard .
winamp for android also has a sync music capability . you would however need to install winamp on your pc and configure it accordingly .
you could try style jukebox . it is a cross-platform music app that stores your music and playlists in the cloud and lets you listen to it on all your devices . it is like dropbox for music and you start from 2000 songs for free . you can get style jukebox at get-jukebox . com
playing with words : if you want a folder to sync , have you tried foldersync ? should be perfect for this purpose . you can sync entire folders between your pc and your android device , and also use different cloud storage services . thanks to an integrated tasker/locale plugin ( in the full version ) , you also can automate it to your wishes . but even without tasker/locale , it offers user specified sync interval or specific sync times .
default ringtones are usually stored in /system/media/audio/ringtones . you might be able to access this location using a file manager . keep in mind that , residing on /system , this place is read-only at best without root-access : so while you should be able to copy from here , you cannot place any files into this directory . if you want to manually add ringtones to your device , rather create a similar directory on your sdcard ( /sdcard/media/audio , with sub-directories for ringtones , alarms , notifications , etc . ) . this location should be recognized automatically by the android system .
the ringtones are stored under the folder system &gt; media &gt; audio &gt; ringtones . you can view the folders using any file manager this one .
i keep them both enabled , but i have tried them each individually and the cm option works much better . the fact that it " causes other apps to shut down " is the whole point . android keeps the memory filled at all times and ends tasks on demand when more memory is needed . it is supposed to be pretty smart and know , based on your usage , which apps to give priority to but if you are multi-tasking and the phone needs more memory it may kill launcherpro causing it to to reload from scratch when you hit the home button . the option to keep it in memory gives it a higher priority so when android tries to free up some memory it kills something else .
the cm option is going to have more sway with the os than the launcherpro option ( since it is the cm option is from the os itself vs an app telling the os to not kill itself ) . i have also had even better success with screen redraws using this method . i think it is what the cm toggle is supposed to do , but this actually does it . 1 ) make a nandroid backup in your terminal application on your phone ( if you have to ask what this is , google it , download it from the market ) su (enter) echo ro.HOME_APP_ADJ=1 &gt;&gt; /data/local.prop (enter) reboot (enter)  if you want to undo what this command does , simply remove that toggle from : /data/local . prop , or if you did not have this file ( like i did not ) prior to the mod . . . remove it entirely
have you tried searching for gamepad in google play ? here are some of the results : ultimate gamepad connect through wifi or bluetooth in the most simple way . install the ultimate control receiver program on your computer ( pc , mac or linux ) and select it from the list displayed on your phone . droidpad droidpad lets you use your phone as a pc joystick or mouse .
try <code> wget http://www.blah.com/files.apk </code> in the terminal emulator ( if you are using cyanogenmod , then you probably have busybox , which includes wget ) , you might need root to write to the internal memory , so if you do not have write permission in the current directory , then you might need to type su first .
can you turn on " install from unknown location " in the applications panel ? if so , i keep some apks in my dropbox folder .
you can also use adb to push the file onto your phone .
if you have a warranty i would use it as this sounds like malfunctioning hardware , not a software problem .
no , you cannot add custom keys on the default android keyboard . but what might work is keyboard shortcuts . you can create shortcuts like when you type " yt " option to change to " you there " will appear . so may be you can create keyboard shortcut that when you type " ms1" it will change to ₭ . to create keyboard shortcut : go to settings -> language and input -> personal dictionary tap the “+” sign in the top-right corner of the screen and create your shortcut . now , go to the messaging app , compose a new message , and tap one of your new shortcuts—and when you do , the phrase you entered will appear in the row of auto-correct options just above the keyboard . tap the phrase to add it to your message . more details on keyboard shortcut is here : http://heresthethingblog.com/2012/12/04/androidiphone-tip-create-custom/
to have your device in deep sleep , you need to find out what applications are running and causing a wakelock that does not let the cpu go bellow 216mhz , thus preventing the device from entering into deep sleep mode . i can recommend betterbatterystats by sven knispel available from google play store : a high battery drain is often a limiting factor for a great user experience . with betterbatterystats you can analyse the behavior of your phone , find applications causing the phone to drain battery while it is supposed to be asleep and measure the effect of corrective actions : spot drainers based on detailed information about the root cause use the online knowledge-base to find how to reduce or remove the wakelocks measure the effect of actions to reduce drain detect changes in the awake/sleep profile and quickly find the causes ( rogue apps ) in other words betterbatterystats helps you to get the best out of your android smartphone . after finding out the applications that are causing your problem . do not forget to disable betterbatterystats .
for dolphin browser , use the phone menu button and chose exit for firefox , install the Quit Now add-on and use the new quit button in the menu . for any other tab browser , close all tabs prior to push back in order to exit . for any persistently running browser , use the task manager to kill it .
i have never been a fan of chrome . it lacks too many features compared to other browsers . anyway , most browsers support tabs and have an x symbol on the tab . normally , the browsers remain open even if close all tabs . there is always 1 tab that remains open , and it will not close even if you click the x symbol . you had have to click the back button to close the browser . among the browsers i use - about 4 of them - maxthon behaves differently . it does not exactly do what you want , but if you click on the x symbol , it acts as a back button . so if there is only 1 tab open and you press it twice , it will exit the browser .
when coming from linux/unix , you may be confused because su == root , and that is also true on android , but with a small addition : a ' rooted ' android device has a setuid root ' su ' binary to allow a process to get root , but the version typically used on android does not allow just any process to use it to get root . it uses an android intent to communicate with an app ( superuser/supersu ) to determine if the caller is allowed to get root . the app then decides if it is allowed , typically with a popup on the screen of the android device . more details here : stackexchange-url
just installing supersu do not give you root - it is only tool for controlling access to root account on rooted device . from app 's description : supersu requires a rooted device ! ! !
yes , it will . the default alarm is built into android and uses the alarmManager to schedule when to sound the alarm . it will always go off , unless the device is powered off or in silent mode ( however some rom 's have separate volume controls for alarms and other volumes ) .
i have not tried this , but a quick look at android 's bionic libc sources seems to indicate that android might use /etc/ppp/resolv . conf : ( from http://code.metager.de/source/xref/android/4.1.1/bionic/libc/private/resolv_private.h#113 )
actually every apple device i saw , only charges on apple 's chargers and macs , so i think the port is ' modified ' to be used with apple devices , something to identify that the charger is from apple but when we talk about android , anything with > 4.5 volts will charge the phone , but it depends on the charging current , plus , i have a tablet that does not charge on pc because my pc gives around ~350 , but that is for a tablet , the original charger is around 2a , the tablet puts a red " mark on the battery to tell you it is not charging , but actually it is charging but the current is less then the usage . . actually i notice it to charge some percents after hours , and if you turn the device off , it will charge but a bit slow conclusion android : will charge on > 4.5 even if it says not charging apple : need the charger to be verified that it is from apple before it can charge note : i am not pretty sure about apple devices because i have not used much , maybe someone will correct me or maybe help you better
my experience is that it does matter , but it is not so simple , because not all android devices are the same . some android devices will charge just fine from an apple charger , some will charge slowly ( regardless of amperage ) , and some will not charge at all . plus , i have found that there is some variability among the apple chargers . for example , i have a couple of scosche usbc202m dual 10 watt car chargers that are pretty nice ; they are mainly designed for iphones , and they work fine on my wife 's iphone , and on my lg g2 ( at the full rate , as monitored by android tuner pro ) , but my samsung galaxy tab 3 does not even register it as being connected , even using a charge-only cable or adapter . yet i have another car charger , also made mainly for iphone , that works on all 3 devices . i suspect that many newer android devices may now be compatible , where they were not in the past , although i have no evidence of this . traditionally , and perhaps currently to some degree , android devices will not charge at currents above 500 ma ( usb standard ) unless you use a charge-only cable , which shorts together certain pins to force it into higher current mode . so , the bottom line is , it may work fine , it may work at reduced current , or it may not work at all , depending on brand . much of the time , when people say it works for their device , they do not have a clue whether it is working at full output .
yes they are . they may charge normally , charge slower , or not charge at all .
use the app management option to move programs to external storage . while apps can be installed on the sdcard , they still need space on the internal storage for actually running .
as no one is answering this question , i presume it is not possible . so i looked for another solution and found the business calender free edition . this program not only displays a very nice monthly calender , but , most important , let you choose which colour you want to use for each agenda you want to display . very impressive indeed . just thought i would let you know . . .
moto g does not have a gyroscope sensor ( but it has an accelerometer ) that is why moto g did not get the photosphere option . actually panorama does not require a gyroscope . while there are obviously ways to do panoramas without a gyroscope . it looks like they use the same engine as photosphere to do the panoramas . so app also lacks panorama . source thread google camera g+ thread
there are several reasons for this , but it is mainly due to hardware limitations , photosphere and panorama stitch together multiple images at the pixel level and require some pretty processor intensive work . some users also mention that the lack of a gyroscope sensor as a possible reason . i have googled and found at least 3 sources that corroborate this . sorry but it looks like your out of luck . http://www.engadget.com/2014/04/16/google-stock-camera-app-photo-sphere-lens-blur/ https://www.yahoo.com/tech/the-best-features-of-googles-new-android-camera-app-83124330305.html http://www.slashgear.com/moto-g-google-play-edition-hands-on-vs-motorolas-g-15313328/
you can take panorama photos on the motorola moto g , if you use the motorola camera that was preinstalled . there is an option to take a panorama shot when you swipe from left to right in the camera interface . hope this helps .
as far as i know , you can not change the lock screen wallpaper . if you want to turn off the ads , go to manage your devices , and edit your special offers subscription status .
i have seen a similar issue trying to sync s note 's between a galaxy note 3 ( smartphone ) and a galaxy note 10.1 ( as well as to a galaxy note 2 ) . the issue seems to be in the version of s note running on android 4.3 . on my note 3 , s note saves the files as . spd files in a snotedata folder . on the galaxy 10.1 the s note documents are as . snb files in the " s note " folder . i think this explains why sync is not working .
short answer unfortunately , the answer is that you can not make it work . ( at least , not without modding your nexus 7 ) long answer as jeff says in his comment : i can confirm unlike some other android devices i have used standard volume control headphones that work with iphones and many other mobile devices , including android do not work on the nexus 7 . this is a hardware issue as far as i can tell according to the crossfade lp product page , the volume controls are only for apple devices : universal compatibility and microphone communication lp comes with 2 cables for universal compatibility with all modern mobile and audio devices . the 3-button remote microphone cable is designed for the latest apple devices , including iphone® , ipad® , ipod® , and macbook series . the long audio-only cable and 1/4" adapter is universally compatible with all audio devices and professional equipment . ( emphasis mine ) in order to understand how these headphone volume controls work , i asked about this over on electrical engineering stack exchange , and it appears that this relies on the switches presenting a fixed resistance between the ground and the microphone input . thus this technique requires ( at a minimum ) a 4 pole ( trrs ) jack , rather than a standard 3 pole ( trs ) jack as is used in the nexus 7 . note while that the asus nexus 7 spec suggests that it has a headset jack ( i.e. . headphone and microphone ) , google have confirmed to at least one person that this is incorrect , and the nexus 7 only has a headphone jack . as such , the volume controls are not intended to work with ordinary headphone sockets such as the one on the nexus 7 . i am not sure how you got it to work with windows xp/7 unless the headphone socket on your windows machine was also a headset jack and also supported this volume control technology ( or you are running them virtualised on a macbook , in which case os-x will be taking care of it for you ) .
i have solved part of this issue ; switching to airplane mode and back ( bring down the status bar , go to the quick settings panel , tap airplane mode twice ) does restore signal if you are in an area with signal . so there is that at least , but it is still losing signal until a forced update . you might have to wait a second between the first and second tap of the airline mode button to make sure it activates ( the airplane icon will appear in the status bar ) . also note that occasionally it seems the phone will actually still get a 3g/4g signal and a stable internet connection . . . while still displaying the " no signal " icon . the only way to know this is happening is to try and use online features and find them working . you might just want to do the airplane mode trick anyway since it is quite confusing to have the no bars icon but have the internet and calls working ( and of course in this state you will not notice if the signal suddenly drops again ) .
you can not set the lock screen pin or password from the command-line or from an app . there are three reasons for this:- the logic behind setting a pin is quite complicated , because a security policy installed on the device might prevent the use of a pin ( and require a more secure locking method ) . setting the pin would therefore fail in some cases . for security reasons , you have to first input the old locking code ( whether that is a pin , a pattern , or a password ) before setting a new pin . this way , if someone gets hold of an unlocked device , they can only use it until the screen is locked , and they can not lock out the owner by changing the pin . if you could set the pin from the command-line or from an app , it would defeat this security mechanism . if you could set the pin from the command-line or an app , a malicious app with no permissions could lock the user out of the device by changing the pin and not telling the user the new pin .
i have looked around for the last day , and have wrote this after doing some research . first , find KEYCODE_POWER you can now send the following commnd : adb shell input keyevent 26 obviously , this will lock the screen only if it is unlocked at the time you are sending the command . unlocking the phone via adb keyevent 82 (menu list) the basic guidelines your requirements : a windows machine ( or a linux machine using wine to run android sdk ) your device and its cable android sdk unlocking device that is locked source this gives you a general , brief explanation on how to unlock and lock your phone using commands . you will possibly need the sdk , depending on your uses .
yes , you can lock the screen with adb commands , this was discussed here on so : stackexchange-url you send a key event to press the power button , which will lock the screen if the device is running . adb shell input keyevent 26 
to start , what security app are you using ? most likely , yes , you can use shell commands .
the only one i am aware of is that has is very reputable is called redlaser barcode scanner : http://redlaser.com/ here is the google play store link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ebay.redlaser
as already described in above comments , this would require taking a screenshot and saving it as an image file . havind done that , there are several barcode scanners available in the playstore supporting " loading " of barcodes from image files , as e.g. qr barcode scanner or mentioned google goggles . i do not know of any barcode scanner capable of " scanning your screen directly " . edit : qr droid seems to be capable of what you are looking for : scan qr codes from your camera , browser , sd card , or saved image
i am frequently using manatee works ' barcode scanners ' app towards such a purpose . here 's the google play store demonstration application link , recently updated : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.manateeworks.barcodescanners the app supports wide variety of 1d/2d codes , scans very fast and its free . the only downside is that the option to manipulate with the results are few , namely either copy or email , because its a mere demonstration .
you do not type . you scan in barcodes of the numbers you need . see step 6 of this guide for the barcodes . these barcodes can also be found on page 1-21 of the manual .
there are various apps on the play store where you can check your current charge current and your " maximum " ( not sure how accurate the calculation is ) via usb the maximum is 460ma with a average of 460ma via ac the maximum is 1000ma with also a average of 1000ma
current is drawn from the load , not pushed from the source ( voltage does the pushing ) . the wall charger contains only a power supply . the actual charging circuit is in the phone and it is a fairly smart one . it limits the amount of current the battery can draw regardless of the current available whether 1 amp , 2 amps or 200 amps .
this could possibly be software or hardware related . if you power the phone down first and then plug it in , does it start charging or does it do nothing ? if it doesnt , i would start to lean towards some type of hardware failure ( hard to say for sure though ) . have you also tried a factory reset on the phone ? if it is software related for some reason , then a factory reset may fix that up . did this issue appear out of no where , or did you recently install new apps or something when the issue started ?
unfortunately skype for android is still very flawed and has a lot of issues apart from the one you pointed out . right now the only thing you can do is to go on settings and deactivate the notifications when you are using your pc , and reactivate them when you are away from it . i always keep the vibration deactivated because either if i am using the pc or i am using the phone , that vibration is definitely too loud .
i am a huge fan of tasker and join znewman in highly recommending it . if you are looking for nfc functionality , though , i have also become fond of nfc task launcher . it is not as fully-featured as tasker ( the only " context " is tapping an nfc tag and has fewer available tasks ) but accomplishes what it sets out to well . i do not think it'll do exactly what you are looking for but is worth checking out .
tasker is your best bet for this kind of thing . it will allow you to setup powerful profiles for the kinds of tasks that you are wanting and will allow you to run scripts as well . it should be noted that a change that came with android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) restricted the ability to manipulate the gps settings without root , so root would be required if you want that functionality . you can try tasker free for a week ( official site , play store ) .
everything you need to know about rooting and installing custom rom on your phone . a . rooting for 2.2.1: db . rooting for 2.3 . x ( new method ! ) : optional unrooting for 2.3 . x : ps : its best you read the first link .
yes ' there is but some apps crashes when they see that they are throttled . xprivacy module for xposed framework and also app settings . search and you will find threads at xda pages .
android already has this kind of sandboxing of apps . each app gets its own data directory ( and optionally another on the sd card ) , and only that app can read that directory . apps can not read other apps ' directories directly . when an app ( such as the gallery ) wants to make its content available to other apps , they can offer an interface for the other apps to use . in fact , there are two kinds of interfaces apps can offer . the first is via the intent mechanism . this is used when you get ( for example ) a " choose image from " dialog , with different apps to choose . the intent mechanism allows the app that owns the image to grant the calling app temporary access to only the image ( s ) you choose this way . the second mechanism is for the app to act as a content provider . the app then acts like a server , allowing other apps to browse and find content , and access it directly without your interaction . when an app acts this way , it is up to the app that owns the content to choose what security mechanism to use . the app might require that the calling app have a particular permission ( even a new permission specially created for this purpose ) . for example , access to contacts is provided this way . only the built-in contacts provider app has direct access to the contacts database . it also acts as a content provider , to allow other apps access , but only if they have the appropriate permission ( such as " read my contacts" ) . so , as you can see , the mechanism you describe - to sandbox apps , and to pass files from one app to another only through the user 's choice - already exists in android . it is way ahead of desktop operating systems in this respect . it is up to apps to use these mechanisms to control the content they own - and there is always going to be a trade-off between granularity of control ( using lots of permissions ) and making things easier for the user to understand ( using fewer permissions ) .
in the default sms app , it leaves a time stamp at the bottom of the message . e . g 2.16pm , oct 13 . that is how it appears on my phone ( s2 aswell )
open the message thread in the messages app and it should say " sent " and the time at which it was sent .
hey make sure you have checked your delivery report in the message settings option . i do have samsung galaxy s2 gt i9100 and i did the same to solve my query .
i remember reading on one of the google forums that there was a also a total size limit , and that the developer was going to ask the team if the limit could be extended . in my experience the limit seems to be around the 200-300 megabyte mark .
the queue limitation , afaik is 200 videos : you can queue up a maximum of 200 videos in a watch later list . the same limitation applies for any created playlist . note : make sure that you are preloading videos having the device charging and with an active wi-fi connection , in order to have them correctly preloaded to your phone . youtube instructions for a successul preload according to the youtube blog , it is mentioned that the preload process works if the phone is charging and a wi-fi connection exists : you can now preload and temporarily cache videos from your subscribed channels on your phone anytime it’s charging and your wifi is connected . just enable “preloading” in the settings menu . you’ll still need a connection to play the video , but once you do it’s smooth sailing through the latest from your subscribed channels and watch later queue . additionally , you need to have an active connection when pressing the play button .
this has become more and more annoying for me as i installed more apps . i solved this problem by installing one of those " battery saver " apps that can schedule when the wifi goes up or down ( 3g battery saver pro ) . i configured it to connect to the network for a couple of minutes every half hour ( might change it to every hour to saver battery life ) and to leave the wifi on when i unlock the screen . tablet is now responsive again ! no more waiting for a minute or so to interact with it when i turn it on in the morning or when i come home from work ! yay !
if you have adb shell , you can try below command top -m 10  which displays top 10 applications which takes cpu .
you might want to take a look at hacker 's keyboard : a full 5-row keyboard including arrow and esc/ctrl keys , intended for tablets . are you missing the key layout you are used to from your computer ? this keyboard has separate number keys , punctuation in the usual places , and arrow keys . it is based on the aosp gingerbread soft keyboard , so it supports multitouch for the modifier keys . it supports a bunch of keyboard layouts -- though i am not sure about the " special characters " being inserted using alt sequences . if you are mainly interested in being able to insert special characters ( and do not care whether they are bound to alt-sequences or selectable by other means ) , i would suggest to search the playstore for " charmap " . this will yield about 10 results , the topmost of them would match your needs .
i had a similar incidence , in my case i left a service open . please check if any service related , is open ? to check you can use , this link from stackoverflow
it seems i do not fully understand how broadcast receivers work . stackexchange-url
i remember having gone through the same problem years back ( on a froyo device ) . not sure what caused it , but i fixed it as follows : exporting all your google contacts to a file ( make sure everything is in there ) remove all contacts from google remove all contacts from phone import the contacts from the file ( exported in ( 1 ) ) to the phone sync the contacts verify whether the sync worked after doing this two way sync worked perfectly for me . i can not guarantee that this will work for you , but it may be worth a try . also , make very sure that the export in ( 1 ) is complete ( check the contents of the file ) - also , export to various file formats for safety . unfortunately , the changes you made on the phone will have been overwritten and i do not know of a way to revert that . in the future , if the problem persists , you can disable the sync and do it manually using files - it sucks , but at least you will not lose information .
if you want to know the changes made in the app after the update then simply follow this steps . slide down the notification bar tap the update notification . this will bring up the market link ( unless you set the app to auto-update which will open up the app and not the market link because the update is already installed ) . once you are in , search for the app in question , select it , and there you will find the changelog like this . notice that you cannot do this if auto-update is enabled . you must open the play store , tap menu ( three dots in upper right of screen ) , and select my apps . from there , do step 3 . take note that not all developers post their changes in the market . for that you will need to google for the answer .
try htc sync manager http://www.theandroidsource.com/my-touch-4g-root-rooting-roms-hacks-overclocking-etc/292-latest-htc-mytouch-4g-sync-driver-download.html https://support.htc.com/alerts_downloads/en/htc_sync_and_sync_manager_for_all_htc_android_phones joslloyd
first , ensure that " usb debugging " option is enabled on your phone by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development . on some devices this option will be grayed out while your phone is connected via usb , so disconnect it first . next step is installing the usb drivers on your computer . assuming you are running windows , the drivers for mytouch 4g should be located on the sd card that came with the phone . look for file named " htcdriver . exe " then copy to your pc and execute it . if you can not find that file , look for the drivers on google . after you successfully install the drivers , download and install the android sdk . pick a folder that is easy to type , such as "C:\AndroidSDK" for example . now open windows command prompt by going to start -> run , typing " cmd " ( without quotes ) and pressing enter . in the command prompt window type in cd C:\AndroidSDK\platform-tools and press enter . connect your mt4g to the pc via usb , and in the command prompt type in adb devices and press enter . if everything was correctly installed you should see messages like these : * daemon not running . starting it now on port 5037 * * daemon started successfully * list of devices attached xxxxxxxxxxx device where " xxxxxxxxxx " is a combination of letters and numbers , signifying your phone 's id . this means adb is seeing your phone , and you can now issue commands to it .
if you have a google voice account , you could also head to http://voice.google.com/ and type your sms messages there . of course , have the google voice app on your phone so that you can sync your messages with your desktop . it works really well .
check out wifi keyboard -- allows you to use your desktop 's keyboard to control the android . nb : i have not personally tried this , but it looks pretty cool . aimed particularly at apps that require keyboard input , but still do not pop-up a virtual keyboard . . . . . . again , wifi , not bluetooth . aaargh . unless , you know , you get your pc to broadcast on bluetooth .
sms2pc will let you see , reply and compose sms messages on your desktop . all the message are synced back to the phone too . i tried it yesterday and it works great . wifi only , though .
android manager will let you do this as well . it connects over wifi to your phone to send and receive sms messages and it also allows other stuff to sync over wifi with your computer , for free . i have found this to be a great program .
bear in mind ; solution preseted next is very geek centric . . . . root the phone ; install vnc server on phone and vnc client on computer . connect either by usb or wifi ; and use remote desktop to send sms . :d p.s. yes , i know you probably wanted some sort of bluetooth usb
i have tried the wifi keyboard , and it is magic , all you have to do is , connect you handset to a wifi network . install wifi keyboard on your handset . on any text field , long press the field and choose input method ; wifi keyboard . instructions will pop , one screen of instruction . write the ip from your instructions screen on your handset on your pc 's browser . that is it , and it gets better , if you are a gamer , like me , you have a gaming mode option on the screen of your pc , choose it , and arrows will work for gaming , try it with doom for example . performance is biblical by the way .
" bluekeyboard jp " in the android market is an adequate free bluetooth keyboard driver . here 's my review and notes on special keys .
myphoneexplorer i have been using it for my se phone , and now for my android phone . getting it to work via bluetooth was a little tricky until i read the faq at the developer 's site .
you need to reprogram the phone . dial ##786# on the dial pad and then hit view . you may need your msl to be able to change the phone number .
in previous versions of android ( mine is 2.3.7 ) you can set this setting in the additional call settings . in android 4.0 the additional call settings screen is located here : open the phone app -> [ menu ] -> settings -> additional settings . i have not verified this on a physical device yet .
have you tried just a factory reset ? sounds like you got a new phone , right ? any opposition to just wiping and starting fresh ? i would think that would do it .
you can edit and display your phone number in the phone status by following some simple steps on this page . http://www.thepageword.com/2013/03/display-own-phone-number-in-your.html
thank for this , it saves my day : )
i have found an app on the market that can " repair damaged sdcard and scan for bad blocks " etc . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sylkat.apartedhl=en
you can fix this with the help of root and a terminal emulator ( e . g . android terminal emulator ( or , alternatively , using adb shell ) . the binary to do the job is called fsck , and usually located in either /system/xbin or /system/bin . sometimes you need a special variant of it , which might e.g. be called fsck.exfat or the like . so first let 's make sure we find the right binary : cd /system/xbin ls fsc*  if not found , repeat with /system/bin . i will assume here it was found in the first place , and is simply called fsck ( adjust the following correspondingly if that is not the case ) . as fsck comes from the " linux core " , we can consult its man page for the syntax . though there might be some options not working on android , the most basic ones should . see the linked man page for details ( or run a linux vm and use man fsck in case that page disappears ) -- i will stick to the basics here : first we need to find the device your sd card is bound to . if it is mounted , the mount command will assist us : mount  that is it , basically : check the output and see where your sd card sits . usually this is something using vold , but it is different between devices . output may include something like /dev/block/vold/179:17 on /mnt/storage/sdcard -- in that case , the first part of my quote is our device . in order to repair the " drive " , you need to unmount it first . this can be done via the settings menu , or , as we are just in the terminal , by issuing umount /dev/block/vold/179:17  now we can go for the repair job . basic syntax is : fsck [options] [-t fstype] &lt;filesystem&gt; [fsoptions]  so we first try the simplest approach and hope fsck figures out everything itself : fsck -C -r /dev/block/vold/179:17  which basically means : show progress ( -c ) , and always ask the user to repair ( -r ) any errors on /dev/block/vold/179:17 . if this does not work out , check with the linked man page for further options .
if you repeatedly have errors on your sd card , you should make sure that it is really of the stated capacity using h2testw
i do not know why it happened , but a good way to prevent it from happening again is to set your contacts to sync with your google account . this way whenever you add a new contact , it will be uploaded , and if the phone loses your contacts again , you probably will not even notice it , as they will be automatically downloaded back to your phone .
appadmin the screenshots do not show the " move " option if you google it . it is useful for backups and restores too . a great piece of kit
you can use the pm command ( via the debugger or a terminal app ) to move packages around . i don’t know whether or not this needs root access . those packages which start with /data/app are candidates to be moved . use pm install -r -s /data/app/org.fdroid.fdroid-1.apk  which will reinstall it on the sd card ( preserving the data ) . you could script this . if an app does not want to move , use pm setInstallLocation 2  to force it , but be warned that this can disable widgets and notifications for apps that aren’t expecting it , and that you should set it back to 0 unless you want every future app to go on the sd card .
take a look at sd move and sd watch . they do not automate the process for you ( i do not think automation is possible ) , but sd move will give you a color coded list of what applications you can move over , and sd watch will alert you when you install a new app whether or not it can be moved to the sd card .
app2sd both notifies you when apps can be moved to the sd card , and provide an interface to do so . also there is a way to refine app2sd to allow more apps to move to sd card instructions here - http://www.bongizmo.com/blog/moving-all-android-apps-to-sdcard-apps2sd-froyo/ i was able to follow except that it did not indicate precisely what to enter in terminal , so i got stuck there - if anyone can advise on what should be typed in , would be helpful .
primary reasons for the no swap recommendations are the basic uselessness of swap for most devices , performance reasons , and device longevity . as liam mentions , modern devices have no shortage of ram ( even my old underpowered wildfire s has as much ram as my previous desktop . ) and that ram is managed fairly well by the modern android system , making a swap largely pointless . also , even though flash is far better than platters of spinning rust , it is still orders of magnitude slower than ram is , hence for performance reasons , you do not want to tier down to flash if you can at all avoid it . furthermore , flash memory has a limit on how many times you can erase and rewrite it . while this cycle limit is typically in the thousands or tens of thousands , which combined with modern wear leveling systems , means you are unlikely to hit the limit within the useful lifespan of the device , but if you are using it as swap , with loads and loads of itty-bity writes , you will chew through those cycles needlessly and might actually bump against those limits in time .
the use of a swap file it so save memory ( ram ) to storage ( hard drive/sd card ) . the recommendation of 0mb for the file size is because it is not usually needed . android takes care of memory management in a different fashion than swap files . background : a swap file is traditionally used to store what is typically in memory onto storage when memory is low . this allows it to be switched back into memory when needed . to quote from zero credibility blog android , while a fairly typical ( but trim ) linux under the covers , has it’s own mechanism for handling low memory conditions . it terminates the application , but first gives it an opportunity to persist it’s state ( via a series of callbacks ) . for example , a map application might persist a latitude and longitude before it is terminated . when you access the application again , the location is passed back so it appears that the app was running all along . in actuality the app was restarted completely . ( emphasis mine ) the above describes how i have seen applications appear to persist after switching from task to task . there is no need to save the contents of memory to storage , because android will just save the app 's current data and terminate the app .
swap is basically virtual ram used by the linux kernel . swap in android was used when devices had very limited ram ( i used it with my lg optimus gt540 ) , to increase the amount of ram available to the android os . android kills apps when it run 's out of memory - and is very good at doing this efficiently , however on devices with low ram people may have seen their home screen apps being killed , and therefore have to wait a while to get to their home screens . swap can be mounted via either a partition or a file - mainly on an external ( or internal ) storage device . swap is normally activated via the so-called init scripts in the /etc/init.d folder of the device to mount/enable swap on device boot . linux desktops use a partition for swap , and the user is asked to create this during the install process . a file is normally stored on the sd card or storage medium . the swap file on android is normally mounted ( and created ) by an app ( e . g . swapper for root users ) . most newer devices will not see any benefit of using swap - as they normally have as much ram as a desktop computer ( my sgs2 has 1gb ! ) , and therefore would not benefit from having more virtual ram . unfortunately , using swap can come at a price - even on low ram devices , as the os has to spend time writing to the sd card , which would normally have slow read/write speeds . as such , it is not used much at all nowadays , unless a device has an obscenely small amount of ram . as well as this , using swap can have a negative effect on the life of your memory device , and should be used with caution . if anyone reading must use swap ( and i would advise against it ) , then use a file with an app , as it varies the swap file location to maximise sd card life .
as the other answers already cover most of the facts , just a small addition : i already edited the app swapper for root users into liam 's answer as an example . and compro01 's answer already mentioned the danger of wearing out the flash memory of your sdcard . now let 's bring both together : when using the swapper app to handle your swap , it recommends to not use a swap partition but a swap file , for exact this reasons . that swap file then is placed on a different location of the flash memory each time swap gets activated , which avoids to always write/delete the same blocks and thus saves some more lifespan for your flash memory . so comparing both : swap partition : faster , but wears out flash memory faster , too . swap file : a little slower , but does not wear out flash memory that fast keeping this in mind it gets clear why a ) 0m ( i.e. . no swap partition ) is recommended , and b ) a swap partition is offered at all ( for those who do not care buying new cards , but want the extra little speed ) .
i do not think this is possible by default . if your device is rooted , you might be able to inspect your file system , and find where the pictures are stored ( and then , you might be able to actually view them , depending on if there are encrypted ) . bottom line , i do not think instagram wants you looking at their pictures , outside of their app , and you will need to bypass their controls to do this .
titanium backup is able to read from nandroid backups , so you can use it to restore parts from them -- and then use titanium backup again to backup those restored parts . however , as there is no titanium backup for pc , this has to be done on an android device . if your goal however is to separate some apps from a nandroid backup , there are other ways to achieve this : nandroid copies the entire partition ( see : nandroid tag-wiki ) . so you could mount the images ( on linux , this should be no problem with the ext file systems at least -- see e.g. restore only part of nandroid image ) , or unpack them ( for yaffs partitions e.g. using unyaffs -- see my answer here ) . for completeness : there are also adb-style backups ( which again titanium backup is able to access ) . for these , you might want to take a look at e.g. android backup extractor and android backup splitter , and also my answer here on how to convert an adb backup into a tar file to investigate , using the perl adbbackuproutines from this xda thread .
deleting a secondary account will not delete the already installed apps associated with the account , afaik . however , that is a loophole that google might plug in the future . it is not possible to move apps from one account to another .
likely you started the adb the first time as root , and now the device does not have the permission to write on $home/ . android/adbkey now you have to change the owner of that file ( and everything else in that directory ) $ sudo chown &lt;your_username&gt; .android/&#42;  and eventually : $ chmod 777 .android/&#42; 
on android 4 . x+ you should just be able to swipe it to the right to dismiss it .
do not you have a clear button in the top right corner ? this is what it looks like on my htc desire running android 2.3.3 . what happens if you press and hold the voice mail ? do you get a menu to clear it out ? update : tapping the notification dials the voice mail inbox , right ? unless you can tap and hold it to get a context menu from where you can remove it , then i am afraid there is not much you can do about it . i just talked to a samsung rep and he was not aware of a way to remove it . he said you have to pull down the notifications menu , tap it , and then close it ( essentially dialing and then ending the call ) . i also had a look at the manual for the galaxy ace ( gt-s5830 ) . there is not much said in it about this ( full manual , 127 pages , not a quick guide ) . they pretty much just tell you what voice mail is , how to set up voice mail server and listen to voice mails . in idle mode , open the application list and select ( phone icon ) , keypad and then tap and hold 1 . follow the instructions from the voice mail server . you must save the voice mail server number before accessing the server . they do not even tell you how to clear the notification bar . they seem to be expecting that the user will know this by logic . most manufacturers of android handsets seem to be under the impression that android is intuitive enough that they do not need to say many words about it in the manuals . some manufacturers have more proper manuals , thoroughly explaining every detail , while some will just have quick guides . i am sorry i could not be of any more help to you . may i ask why these notifications about voice mail bother you so much ? are you using voice mail ? if you are not using it , then there is always the option to disable it , and you will not be getting any more of those . so here are the options you have . tap to listen you can tap the " new voice mail " icon from the notification bar to dial your voice mail inbox and listen to your voice mails . ignore it you can always just ignore the icon . disable voice mail if you are not using voice mail , or if you are not using it frequently you always have the option to disable it . upgrade to android 4.2 if possible , you could try upgrading to android 4.2 . that requires rooting your phone and installing a custom rom . get a new phone this is the least wanted option for several reasons , the expense being usually number one . but sometimes it is the best and quickest solution that allows you to get on with your life and worry less about problems with technology . i would personally not change my phone just to get around this type of issue . make sure you thoroughly test your new phone so you know it does what you want . it is usually not possible to test every feature in the store , you need to take it home and test it properly . some carriers will allow you to bring the phone home and test both the phone and the service for 14 days , without commitment or signing any contract . my carrier ( tele2 ) has this option . how to disable voice mail on galaxy ace in idle mode , open the application list and select settings . select call settings . select voice mail number remove the number and save changes . if it does not allow you to leave it empty then type in some bogus ( fake ) number like +1 123456789 and save . there is also the option " voicemail service " . see if you can just disable the service that way , instead of messing with numbers . it does not say in the manual what options you have , so you need to see for yourself . note ! you can always continue using your voice mail . it is just that you will not be getting these annoying messages every time you get a voice mail . all you have to do in the future is just call the number for your voice mail inbox . you can just save that as a new contact and call it to check for new voice mails .
if your device is running android 4.3 ( jelly bean ) or higher , this app seems to be able to clear them .
i was able to set up a pair of tasker profiles that raises the volume to a particular level when a second call comes in from the same number within a five minute interval . it is fairly specific ( it only acts if the second call is from the same number as the most recent missed call , does not reset the volume after the call , etc . ) , but it could be a starting point .
harass me by samuel tardieu available from google play store does what you want : tired of missing extra-urgent calls because you forgot to switch your phone off silent mode ? this application will turn the volume on if the same number tries to call you 3 times in 3 minutes ( configurable ) .
i would investigate llama and see if it can do what you want . i do not think that it can do directly what you want with the current version ( 1.2011.12.29.1124 ) , but the developer is pretty responsive if you email him , and this is exactly the kind of thing that would work well with what it does . and an app that has an average rating of 4.72/5 on 3,256 reviews is pretty good .
depending on the phone , my biggest worry would be screen burn . i have a samsung galaxy s vibrant and i have screen burn at the top of my screen from the time and the notification bar . a screen like a super amoled is actually a lot easier to get screen burn then i thought it would be . it is actually pretty annoying now , i have to limit the background images i use , otherwise the burn is really noticeable .
based on the assumption that your router is working and you can use wi-fi . there could be two or more explanations to your problem : either your tab and your router are not compatible with each other , the port might be there but might need a higher network adapter compared to the one in your wwe10 tablet . there is a high possibility that your tabs network adapter is not working and that would mean you having it replaced . wwe10 tablets are known to have an ethernet ( lan ) adapter problem . what you could possibly do to remove this problem is have it flashed by an expert , or try doing it yourself using this how to guide . hope that will be helpful , good luck !
if it is " bricked " you may still be able to run the manufacturer flash utility to start over . it seems very odd that is would be bricked by installing an android app , though . can you run adb uninstall id.of.app when it boots up ?
to do the hard reset here is the step : > set the volume into its maximum level > hold the power button for about 40 50 seconds > wait until the pop-up window appears > the release > control up the volume to select factory reset > then continue the process until you finished
since this is getting inactive for so long and no one seems to know the solution . then i guess i will bring my phone to where i bought it and face the consequences of my actions haha ! if they can not fix it , then no one can . lol cheers , guise !
if you want to change the status bars colors and icons , this video shows you how by modifying framework . apk . this video was done on a windows operating thus the particular method used may not apply to all operating systems . alternatives is downloading super status bar or status bar+ from the play market . they are both free but also have a paid version . for the toggle in the notification bar you wanted , heres notification toggle , and heres another free toggle buttons app called toggle settings .
get a rom that has whatever you are looking for in a notification bar .
if you are just looking for toggle buttons in the notification bar i would check out widgetsoid , it is a very full-featured app that will let you create widgets or notification toggles of whatever you want . if you are looking to change the way the notification bar looks , you will need to have root access and install a theme , which would void your warranty and is only for the highly technical user .
from what i have seen this is not generally very easy to do . i know that replacing the icons and such requires modifying the underlying framework-res.apk file , and i have never really seen anything that modifies the functionality of the bar itself ( aside from custom roms with custom frameworks and the like ) . i am not completely positive on this , however . if you just want to get the toggles , though , you could try an app like notification toggle . it says that it is a little bit hit-or-miss depending on the device , but i would imagine that the nexus s would be on the better end of the scale .
qr droid private ( version 5.3.3 ) does not ask for contact list permission . after scanning a qr vcard , the app offers to add it to your list and fills in the contact form . it is up to the user to press " done " . a common sense solution , which makes me suspicious of the real intentions of all the apps that ask for contact permission .
here is qr droid private . it does not access your contact information . usually the reason they want contact access is because you can store contact information in a qr code . so when scanned , it sees that it is a contact and adds it to your contacts . without access to your contacts , it would not be able to do this . another reason is that some of the apps allow you to create qr codes from your contacts . it would need read permission to do this . here is an example of a vcard stored in a qr code : here is the data that is stored in there :
try using a 3rd-party keyboard replacement app . i have previously used anysoftkeyboard , and can confirm that it does show word suggestions on other languages . for hebrew you would need to install the corresponding language pack as well .
one option is using ruus . a few google searches should get you going . another is flashable stock rom zips . a few searches in the xda developers forum for that device should put you in track .
when you wipe your phone and re-install a rom , or switch to a new phone , you will be prompted to sign in with your google account . as long as you use the same google account , you will be able to find your purchased apps in the Market by pressing the Menu key and selecting My Apps , or something similar ( i believe they are named differently in different versions ) . from there you will be able to view and re-install previously purchased apps . note : this only works for apps you have spent money on . if it was free , it will not be stored on your account in this way .
have an a500 , droid1 , and here is how i got wifi tether to work . root the phone , root the a500 . install rootexplorer for the a500 and http://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/ for the phone . replace the wpa supplicant file as per these instructions : http://www.xoomforums.com/forum/motorola-xoom-hacking-guides/4016-how-enable-ad-hoc-wi-fi-connection.html ( i know it is for the xoom , but i have it running on my a500 and it works fine ) . turn on the wifi ( not the bluetooth ) tether on the phone , and you should see it available on the a500 ( given you replaced the supplicant , as above ) . i know it is not bluetooth , but the stack does not expose ad-hoc bluetooth networking as of this release . this was you can get something going . enjoy ! j3
try the pdanet tablet app , it is in beta but might work with the acer a500 .
the user guide for a500 says bluetooth only supports mikeless head phones . i am , miffed too .
either your server is refusing connection or one of the routers between your phone and the server ( e . g . your carrier 's router ) is refusing connection . try connecting to the server from another device ( preferrably from a wifi connection ) , if your connection is refused from that other device as well , then it is almost definitely a server configuration issue and this question should be asked on superuser or serverfault . your question is way too vague to be answerable , you will need to answer these questions ( hint : you can edit your question , then put a comment to notify your answerers ) : there is no such thing as a device " talking " to another device . what do you mean by " talking " to the server ? is your server serving static html pages , cgi scripts , or is it some kind of media streaming server ? is the ip address the server 's local ip address ( e . g . looks like 127.0.0 . xxx or 192.168 . xxx . xxx , or is it the server 's public ip address ? can you access this server from other devices ? what have you tried ? how are you connecting to the serve from the android ? is it over wifi or over 3g ?
please check the following : you can access to your server and port with your browser your emulator has 3g or wifi enabled your emulator 's browser can access to the server and port
short answer - no . there are advanced options accessible by typing the url opera:advanced , but most of those deal with the rendering engine .
@jim , try using audiotrack api in stream mode . see below code snippet this should work
when i need to play something recorded over the phone , i usually turn on the phone speaker and press up the volume to max . then people on the other end can hear it , but it works best on hd voice carriers ( the audio sounds much better on the other end ) : )
no , the best that you would be able to accomplish is playing a sound through the speaker so the microphone can pick it up . there are no api 's that can accomplish that .
media-button-router , already mentioned in one of your linked questions , tries to figure out what app is currently playing music and to dispatch the avrcp events to it . in addition , it lists all apps installed , that declare to listen to avrcp events . what makes avrcp complicated : some apps , like sony 's music unlimited , seem not to declare android.intent.action.MEDIA_BUTTON in their manifest . for this ( or maybe some other ) reason they can not be controlled via media-button-router . i know that e.g. music unlimited can be controlled via avrcp since i read it in a user comment and also i was able to get it running once but unfortunately it is not reproducable . so in those cases it seems that we have to wait for an app 's update with a clean implementation of avrcp event handling . according to media-button-router 's wiki " media button intent handling is done through ordered broadcasts , and each app sets it is own priority for receiving . " so maybe it could be possible to write an app that displays theese priorities and , in effect , would allow you to determine what application will start . however , i do not know about such an app .
i got it fixed . . . . found the solution here http://www.morldtechgossips.com/2014/03/nexus-5-restriced-access-changed-issue.html
dial *#*#4636#*#* > > phone information > > set preferred network type : wcdma only
i had similar problem with my brand new snopow m6 phone . and i am sure , that this may be common to most chinese android phones . first , in estonia we have 3 major mobile operators , and with sim cards two of them my phone worked nicely , it did not work with my own sim . also tried almost everything , but then started check imei code through the operators ' networks . and found out , that my operator follows the idea , that its not good enough just not to be in their blacklist , you have to be in their white list . so i gave them a call , and they manually added my phones imei to their white list and phone works flawlessly since then . so , if you buy a chinese phone from the internet , then first check your imei through carrier , random internet sites might give you an answer , that phone is not blacklisted , but that might not be enough in some cases .
if you are sure that the bluetooth device works perfect with other devices , and you have tested with stock- and custom-rom . then you have only got one option left , deliver your smartphone for repair/guarantee .
seems to have been a common problem with plantronics pro voyager series headsets , not specific to android .
android market has avim editor ( vi/vim ) . it is not free and has some poor reviews .
you could use the busybox version of vi . if you are rooted then you can get it from the market and it will install pretty trivially ( example ) . then you had just need to execute vi from a terminal and you are good to go . i do not know of any installers that do not require root , but there may be one floating around somewhere that will install to /data/local or something . alternatively , you can do it the " manual " way . the following should work fine on an unrooted phone : download a buxybox binary or build it yourself ( here 's a copy of 1.16.0 hosted on cyanogenmod 's wiki ) . copy the binary over to /data/local somehow . adb is easy if you have it set up - just connect your tablet and use : adb push /path/to/busybox /data/local . you could also put it on your sd card and then move it with a file manager . you may need to use chmod to make it executable , which can be done from either a terminal emulator or an adb shell - chmod 0755 /data/local/busybox should suffice . execute vi from a terminal with /data/local/busybox vi . of course , if you just want any ol ' editor you do not have to use vi . there are a bunch in the market .
software updates are released by the mobile network of the device as well as the device manufacturer . it normally goes like this : google release a new android version . manufacturers take this new android version and modify it to work on their devices . manufacturers test the version , and push it out to unlocked devices first via desktop software update and then via ota update if available . mobile networks/carriers then take the android version modified by the manufacturer and modify it themselves to add carrier specific apps/features . carriers pass it onto the manufacturer to release to the public [ or ] carriers release it to the public via their custom ota app . as such , it can take some time to get the update , however i would advise you check using the desktop program if there is one .
mine does the same thing . you have to take it apart and put it back together .
1 . remove your battery . 2 . wait 5 min . 3 . put battery back to phone . 4 . switch on your phone
you simply cannot update this tablet to that firmware .
you might want to look for applications that do require this permission : android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS then uninstall it and set the alarm a short while after that . if everything is back to normal you have found the application in question .
it is not that the locale is locked , it is just that it is only useful to change it to a language that is already on your phone . if the phone does not have a translation and other needed files for german , changing the locale to german will not have any effect . it is just like if you have a german phone and you install an app that is not translated into german : you will get the app 's default language . you can only add a new system language by installing a custom rom that supports that language , and as you have noticed , it is hard to find custom roms for chinese phones .
short answer is no , there is no way to remove the " menu " overflow button from within apps in 4.4 , even on phones with a hardware menu button . this was an intentional change by google in kitkat to unify the interface across devices . it is possible to remove this overflow button with some os modifications , and many custom roms do offer a toggle for this . however , it requires rooting the device , unlocking its bootloader , and installing a 3rd-party modified os .
as long as you have gps switched on on your phone ( on a galaxy s the easiest way to do this is from the buttons that appear when you pull the notification bar down from the top of the screen ) and have gps switched on in the camera , you should see the " satellite receiver " gps icon appear and start flashing when you open the camera app . as long as you see this then your phone is trying to geo-tag your pictures . be aware that even in the best of conditions your phone can take 30 seconds or more to get a decent gps position locked , so wait a bit after you open the camera app before you take the picture . you can also speed up the gps lock by making sure that you have the assisted gps features switched on , see this previous question for details on how to switch those features on .
you can install the application tasker and use it to always enable gps when the camera is launched . enabling gps for apps that need it is one of the more common uses of tasker , but it does so much more than that . here 's an article with information : http://lifehacker.com/5599116/how-to-turn-your-android-phone-into-a-fully+automated-superphone
once i tested my location based android app while developing , i noticed it can take forever to get a location , when gps is on . when just ' location through network ' enabled , the location comes within seconds . use this anwer , when the answer of gathrawn doesnt satisfy you .
com.android.keyguard runs your lockscreen , home button , and a few other things i can not remember . it is an integral part of android . do not remove it .
never ever remove or freeze a system processes . if it begins with com . android do not touch it .
if you disable/freeze com . android . keyguard , your device 's home button will stop working until you enable/unfreeze it . this process keeps running all the time , but it is not a battery drainer so do not worry and do not disable it .
the list includes 73 standard-essential patents , but there’s also 127 patents that microsoft claims are implemented in android . some on the list , as ars technica notes , include patents that microsoft acquired as part of the rockstar consortium to bid on patents from nortel . . . . microsoft is estimated to earn as much as $1 billion a year from android-related licensing revenue . ref : http://www.theverge.com/2014/6/16/5813710/microsoft-android-patents-list
are you using the headphones that came with the phone ? if not that could be why . even if they are genuine apple earpods or beats - it looks as though the main issue is the middle button in the headphone is stuck while pressed in .
so this has to do with the 3.5mm audio port on thje device . with special headphones ( the ones with controls on the wire ) this feature gives you the ability to voice search without taking out the device . but for you ( and me ) it just bugs out . basically the male headphone port is brushing up against the designated special area on the female port ( top kek ) and giving it the signal to do whatever ( google now , modify volume , ect ) you cant fix it as of now , but if the device is in sleep mode or whatever google now wont open , and poweramp has an option to disable volume modification . and thats about it .
try azilink (http://code.google.com/p/azilink/). you will need to do a little setup on your ubuntu machine in addition to loading the app on your droid , but it will work without requiring you to root your droid . this is a usb tethering solution that i have used in the past with my ubuntu netbook to great success .
recycling an answer from a recent duplicate . easy tether from mobile stream should work . it is a way to share your internet connection with another device via usb . get the lite version ( does not support https , or tethering to gaming consoles ) or the full version . supports windows 7/vista/xp ( 32-bit and 64-bit ) , mac os x 10.7/10.6/10.5/10.4 , ubuntu 10.4+ and fedora 13+ full version supports the following : tether ps3 , wii , xbox via pc internet connection sharing , you need a computer for game console tethering .
i used this modified version of proxoid for quite a while . you need to set up the android developer kit first , and follow the instructions on the proxoid website on how to enable it .
i had manually exported contacts to google csv , uploaded to google spreadsheets . edited manually table by copying comments column to phone number column , deleted extra text , upload csv to contacts again
you can get most of that if you buy into the google ecosystem . i use gmail for all of my email . i have several addresses . those non-gmail addresses i have are auto-forwarded ( or pulled via pop3 ) into my gmail inbox . i have gmail set up to send as any of those addresses . i use google voice and only ever give out that number . any sms messages sent to my number are forwarded to my gmail . i can respond to those message by replying to the email message . voicemail , similar , is sent to my gmail . while i can not listen to the voice message right in the email client on android , it is just a hop and a skip over to the google voice app . in any case , i usually just use the automatic transcription to gauge whether i want to call the person back or not .
it is all possible , but it is is going to depend a lot on the particular tablet you buy . i can tell you right now that pdanet is not going to work android to android . i emailed them about this and that was their answer . bluetooth tether is possible and again is going to depend on the device . all the archos gen 8 tablets have bt tethering capability ( to use your phones internet ) baked into the stock os , however , people are getting mixed results ( by and large , this seems to be the most successful way to do it ) . they had usb tether ( also to use your phones internet ) but then removed it , but it is possible , it must may require some hacking . as far as rooting and using the wifi tether , again this is possible but people are also getting mixed results with this , myself included . i am rooted and use wireless tether but my archos 70 can not see the connection because all of the wireless tether apps create an ad hoc network and android supposedly does not support ad hoc . from what i have been told in other forums i just need to experiment with other kernels . if you have one of the phones with " hotspot " capability and you pay for it through your service provider that signal is discoverable because it is an actual ap and not ad hoc . long story short , it is possible , but there is no sure bet . before you buy , go to the forums for the particular tablet your interested in and read up on what it takes to get the tethering going .
turns out that it is possible with a stock ( unrooted ) android 3.0 tablet and a rooted android phone , using android-wifi-tether and bluetooth tethering . details here : http://www.droid-life.com/2011/03/01/how-to-bluetooth-tether-to-motorola-xoom-using-original-droid/
the first one you asked about means the phone is connected in debug mode to a computer : and the phone between zig-zag lines means it is on vibration mode .
you could always just install an alternate launcher . i see a number of them in the google play store . there is also a go launcher theme .
i use osmand which works well with offline maps ( osm ) . download offline map ( s ) once and after that no internet connection is required to use them . you can download the . obf-file of your location from this list of offline maps . or use the app to download . obf files directly to your device .
there is an excellent mapping app called locus ( website | app free | paid ) which has been around for ages and offers a whole lot more features than google maps . it supports offline map caching and it looks like you can download vector maps from here , topographical maps from here . having downloaded one of the vector maps , it seems to be using osm files , which have a whole load of viewers for the desktop .
the only solution i am aware of ( besides hacking the code itself ) is blocking permissions : permissions denied pdroid privacy extension regarding pdroid : currently , only gingerbread is supported officially but you may find a working patcher for your cm9.1 firmware on xda . its google play description says : pdroid allows you to block access to the following private data for any application regardless of its permissions : [ . . . ] account auth tokens , [ . . . ] edit : tried pdroid and found it to work great . you need a compatible rom ( cm , aokp , pa , . . . ) and autopatcher ( download here ) plus either the original pdroid or the pdroid2.0 app ( see 1st post/attachment ) . note : v2.0 needs jellybean , use the old one for ics and below ( the original author has not updated the app for some time and has not ported the original gingerbread patches . autopatcher includes both ported original pdroid patches and the v2.0 fork for jellybean )
i had the same problem . i downloaded a separate browser ( skyfire ) for " guests " to use and used an app lock to lock my main browser . the authentication option did not drop down in the second browser .
if you have one of the supported phone models : there is an app called voodoo sound . voodoo sound in google 's play store downside : requires a custom kernel , only for supported phones ( see description in market ) the paid app comes without a requirement for a custom kernel ( but needs root ) voodoo sound plus both replace the audio codec 's driver and allow fine tuning and to turn on formerly unused chip features ( see description ) .
if you have ever partitioned a disk , you might know how one partition can fill up , even though the disk itself has plenty of space . this is one of the drawbacks to partitioning . well , android partitions the disk , and then mounts the data partition onto the filesystem so that it all looks like one disk . the data partition is usually called , confusingly , " sdcard " ( the reason for the name is another story ) . this partition is mounted on the directory "/mnt/sdcard " . the size is fixed by the manufacturer , and can not be easily changed . it would require root access , and a program to resize partitions . recent versions of android allow programs to store parts of themselves on the sdcard ( named " extsdcard" ) if you have one . i do not know why you can not use the data partition instead , but apparently you can not do it this way . the result of all this is that without root access and knowledge of disk partitioning and the android filesystem , there is not much you can do except delete what you do not really need .
right , i have done some playing around and i think i know the answer problem . on older android devices ( i am sure my old desire hd worked like this ) , when you connected your device to the pc it showed up as a removable disk and was assigned a drive letter by windows . the newer devices , including my nexus 4 and htc one , show up as a " portable media device " and are not assigned a drive letter . when you try to add the file to vlc it is looking for a path to this file , however no path actually exists . if you opened the " music " folder which is located on your device , from within windows , and double clicked on one of the files , you may notice ( i did ' cause my pc is pretty slow these days ) windows actually copies the file onto the pc ; i guess to a temp folder somewhere ( found the folder : C:\Users\Jonny Wright\AppData\Local\Temp\WPDNSE\{00000001-0001-0001-0000-000000000000} ) , and then plays the file from there . in short , i do not think its a problem with vlc , or even windows to be fair . its the way device makers are allowing you to browse your device from within windows , and i bet other oses aswell . sorry , i do not think its possible unless you can get your pc to see your device as a " removable storage " medium and assign it a drive letter .
you will struggle to get a sim card that is not on a contract in japan . even then , it is really hard if you do not have a japanese passport . the best option i am aware of would be to get a sim from www.mobalnarita.com. disable data on your phone and use wifi only . data charges in japan are really expensive .
sim-locked phones need to be unlocked for use on other carriers . almost every phone you get will be sim-locked . the most easily unlocked phones i know of are the galaxy s line . the only other thing you need to check is the radio frequency bands used by the device and the carrier . if they match , you are in luck . " quad-band " devices should work on every gsm network .
if you are wondering if the text will be received through handcent : yes . if you are wondering if you will get the group text styled messaging from imessage while using handcent : no , i do not think you will . there are several other sms options that do support group messaging though . android 4.2+ offers group messaging built into the native messaging app , so if you are on 4.2+ then you probably just need to enable the settting in messaging app . if you are on something before 4.2 then you could use gosms . that is what i used until i was updated to 4.2 and it does a great job . it is not perfect , because apple likes their ios exclusivity with imessage , but it will do the trick . again , i am assuming you are looking for a group text solution . if you are not , disregard my advice . if you are wondering if handcent can receive an imessage , it should , but you wont have a group text to reply to .
those permissions ( call , sms ) are in most cases used for " quick-access-widgets/shortcuts " the launcher provides . to create a call widget for a contact , the contacts need to be read , which again might need the account data in some cases to retrieve them . so all those permissions are obviously making sense in context of a launcher . of course this does not mean they cannot be abused . so i would either stick with a heavily used / well known app , or have additional protection ( pdroid , lbe ) . you explicitly mentioned apex , which i use on some of my devices . on others i use golauncher ex . i also use lbe to keep watch . none of these two launchers ever misused these permissions ( at least i never got a warning ) -- though i must admit i did not check all the logs thoroughly all the time .
i might not be 100% right , but as a launcher i think the permissions are for the following : directly call phone numbers : if the launcher has its own dialer , you need to give it permissions to be able to do calls , else you would end with a dialer that doesnt dial . access mail information , read your text messages ( sms or mms ) : same as above , launchers many times have direct access to your smss , so it can be either displayed or linked to your home screen . read call log , read your contacts : this has to do with the first one , if you let use it the dialer , call logs and contacts should also be used when trying to dial , else you would end having to type the entire number you want to call . find accounts on this device : i suppose this one refers to the google account if your contacts are stored there . so if the above permisions are for a launcher , you should not worry since they are pretty usual . as for the launcher root issue , i think its a jb issue . i am using the stock right now , but in ginger bread and ics i was using a non-stock launcher and could add widgets without problems .
there is actually no need to " black hat " or sideload the app . if you can not find it in your google play search , or if clicking on " download " from the http://facebook.com/home page lands you in the google play install page but it says your device is not compatible , then do not worry , there is another way . i have a sony ericsson xperia p and i googled hard for a solution ; then i read that facebook pushed an update recently which ( in addition to adding support for 2 more phones ) let 's you " use home anyways " . so how to install home in the first place , you say ? head on over to 1 mobile market ( http://www.1mobile.com ) and download their app . once installed ( make sure you enable " allow unknown sources " in your phone 's security settings ) , look for facebook home in the 1 mobile marketplace and install ( again , make sure you can install from unknown sources ) . it should run automatically once installed and you should see the " use home anyways " option . facebook home the legal and official way . worked great for me ! enjoy !
although infuse 4g is not officially supported by cyanogenmod yet , there are quite a few gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) based roms for it available on xda developers forums . an unofficial port of cm7 is currently under development for infuse 4g . if you are feeling adventurous , and are somewhat knowledgeable in linux , you can compile your own version of it from latest sources , as described here .
according to the specifications your phone has 512mb memory , which is quite close to the lower limit for actual 3d games like n.o.v.a. 3 . because the os must read the game data into the allocated ram for the game-process ( a lot less than 512mb ) . the game-data is propably bigger than the total allocated ram space so android starts to cache the stuff internally ( internal flash space , not sd card ) . so after loading the game the sd-card class/speed is not the most important part . a faster sd-card will probably just speed up the loading progress but not the gaming experience itself .
you may need to use samsung kies ( software for pc ) , or get your pc to recognize the ' new ' " mtp " usb mode . further background : ice cream sandwich supports usb mass storage after all , galaxy nexus does not wikipedia > > media transfer protocol samsung > > support > > kies 2.0 also see : can i disable mtp mode and just have a regular usb connection ?
have a look to the following steps step 1 # try cleanup and reinstall of drivers http://www.droidforums.net/forum/galaxy-s3-general-discussion/216706-cant-connect-s3-pc-usb-3.html#post2340704 pull the sim card out and do a factory reset with format step 2 # you can to use samsung kies ( software for pc ) , or get your pc to recognize the " mtp " usb mode . can i disable mtp mode and just have a regular usb connection ? samsung galaxy s3 not connecting via usb step 3 # make sure you install the samsung usb driver for mobile phone http://m.samsung.com/us/support/downloads http://www.samsung.com/us/support/owners/product/sch-i535mbbvzw driver issues when using samsung galaxy siii via usb for development step 4 # for file transfers , you can use airdroid , which connects through wifi . http://www.airdroid.com/
i had a similar problem connecting my galaxy s3 . the drivers were not installing properly . there were messages saying the usb device as malfunctioning . despite being able to charge the phone , it was not being recognised as a mass storage device nor offering me an option on the phone as to what i would like it to connect to the pc as , until i changed my usb cable . i had read some posts that had suggested this . after trying all the phone and device manager settings from debugging to reinstalling and updating drivers , this is what worked : trying a new usb cable . the drivers installed themselves . then , i was able to select use as media device from the phone notificaton menu . i double clicked my computer , and opened phone to display media . i was also able to select usb tethering from phone settings to allow connection to the internet , which is what kicked this all off in the first place . hope this helps some others . what i also discovered during this process was how to set the phone up as a wi-fi hotspot . i just followed a neat youtube video detailing this , and was able to connect my laptop to the internet while i sorted out the rest of my problem .
if you are using android 4.3 open the dial pad and dial *#0808# android 4.2 *#7284# this will solve your problem .
you might need to clean the micro usb port . try using a toothbrush or a safety pin to get the lint out . this worked for me
install the latest driver ensure you are using the factory cable that came with the phone ( some cables wont work with the s3 , the computer will even lie to you and give you error saying the " usb device not recognized" )
i had a similar problem , but with no error message . my computer just did not see my phone even though the computer recognized any other usb device i put in . note : on a previous session my computer did recognize my phone and i was able to b/u some files . my final solution was fairly simple , while the phone was still on i removed the battery from the phone and left it out for 5 minutes . then i reinstalled the battery and turned the phone on . after plugging the phone into my computer via the usb cord i had a connection phone to computer . no , i do not have a technical explanation for this .
just use kies air ( pre-installed on your s3 ) . works perfectly and is user friendly .
for anyone having trouble connecting to windows using usb in mtp mode , make sure you install the samsung usb driver for mobile phones from samsung 's website . here 's a link for the verizon model : http://www.samsung.com/us/support/owners/product/sch-i535rwbvzw navigate to the Manuals &amp; Downloads tab , and then below the tabs , click Software. there you will see the usb driver listed .
you need to use usb 2.0 ports only .
before updating my galaxy s iii to android 4.3 , did not have any problem with windows 7 . it is obvious that w7 should have recognized it even if kies software were not installed . that was with main before updating to new android . but saddlery w7 was not able to find the galaxy siii in media device ( mtp ) mode ! solution for me : installing : device ( install ) , usb drive ( software ) - nov 9 , 2012
a common workflow to track down deep-sleep / wake-lock issues : install cpuspy install betterbatterystats turn off your phone fully charge it while turned off unplug the cable start the phone , unlock it and open some apps like email , browser , facebook , and close them again do not touch your phone , let it be on your table for a hour open cpuspy " deep sleep " should be the longest bar of all . if not , the cpu works because a process ( app , service ) constantly wakes your phone up or you use a non standard kernel/rom which has a deep sleep problem open betterbatterystats set the first dropdown to " kernel wakelock " and second to " since unplugged " , then see if any app you have installed appears in the list , using high % numbers ( waking your phone up ) then set the first dropdwon to " partial wakelocks " and check again for any app waking your phone up with a high % number uninstall the app which causes wake locks ( preventing your phone from deep sleep ) if the problem still persists , google for further instructions with the following pattern : " wakelock + [ appname ] " without the brackets , enter the app or service name which causes high percentages in betterbatterystats , and google without the quotes !
for non-techies , i recommend an app i develop called wakelock detector . check out this presentation , android wakelock explanation , for more info about the " wakelock mechanism " in android .
you do not neccessarily have to uninstall the app . there times where there is a good reason for an app to keep your phone from sleeping . for example , i changed my login to my work email but forgot to update the email app on the phone that accesses my work email . it kept trying to login to sync and that was using up my batt charge .
after doing a lot of research around this issue , i deleted the relevant contact , and all the conversations , and after adding the contact again , everything worked ok . i believe it has something to do with having multiple copies of the same number in the messaging system . ie +447891 . . . . 07891 . . . . . 447891 . . . etc i might be completely wrong about this . but it definitely works now , on all 3 messaging apps that i have tried .
have you checked in Settings -&gt; Language and keyboard ? deselecting it from here should help .
i am seeing conflicting information . one resource says it is hardcoded , so not something you can change user-side : android-specific init programs are found in device/system/init . add log messages to help you debug potential problems with the log macro defined in device/system/init/init . c . the init program directly mounts all filesystems and devices using either hard-coded file names or device names generated by probing the sysfs filesystem ( thereby eliminating the need for a /etc/fstab file in android ) . elsewhere /etc/vold.fstab and /etc/vold.conf are mentioned . i have them on my device under cm 7.1 but i am not sure of how they are used .
do not think about android as a heavily modified linux distribution . because it is not . the nearly only thing that android shares with a linux distribution is the kernel . and even this component is modified . also other core components , like the libc , differ . android has no /etc/fstab you do not need /etc/fstab to mount an partition . but there is iirc no mount command either . dev_mount should work ( root required ) . to answer your questions title : all startup system mounting is done with the/etc/vold.fstab helper script .
the fstab file is in / . it is called /fstab.$systemname.rc where $systemname is based on the handset 's fingerprint property , either identified as category of chipset or handset itself .
you can remount your external storage to be executable by running mount -o remount, rw /mnt/sdcard  this will remove the noexec , nosuid and nodev flags , but it will still be vfat fs . you can make links to this fs but not from within . the remount does not survive a reboot , because the vold . fstab file will be read and they will be remounted at reboot with the noexec flags . if you reformat any of your external storage to anything other than vfat , then they will not be remounted at reboot , and any apps that you have moved to any external storage will not be usable . if you do not intend to use external storage for apps then you can unmount your external storage and use busybox mke2fs DEVICE to make it ext2 . use busybox newfs_msdos DEVICE to return it to vfat and make it usable again . note busybox mkfs.vfat is broken , you will get something like lseek : value too large for defined data type so do not waste your time . all of this assumes you are rooted , and have a working busybox binary .
you can add more than single account in android email app ( hope you know how ) . when you are inbox you at top you can find a drop down list with all your accounts names . you can choose one which you want to sent mail from . then just compose that mail and send it .
why not change the account name ? note : this is for email 4.2 . instead of having something like geffchang , change it to geffchang@email.com . in the email app : Settings &gt; Added accounts: [account] &gt; Common settings: More settings &gt; Account name .
i am afraid you can not senarvi , it is a fairly basic setting left out by the android developers to push people towards using a gmail account . you can setup the gmail account to ' pull ' email from another and also send using a different address ( set these up online , rather than through the device ) .
it works , among other shortcuts , on my galaxy s4 with a bluetooth external keyboard ( iwerkz ) i guess that is due to the underlying linux layer of android that provides some basic functionalities , like when you plug in an old a usb keyboard in usb host mode and it just works .
for anyone who comes across this via a search i found these options . . . polaris office 's word processing program implements undo that works via control-Z on my galaxy note 3 using a bluetooth keyboard . the jotterpad x text editor implements undo and redo that works fine via on-screen controls . the jotterpad x app description on the google play store claims specifically . . . compatible with physical and bluetooth keyboard including shortcut keys ( e . g . ctrl + z for undo ) on my system , jotterpad x 's undo did not work with a bluetooth keyboard , but maybe it will work on your system or with a different model keyboard .
from the terminal , you can use svc to control several elements of your device . for mobile data , it would be : to disable : svc data disable to enable : svc data enable you can simply type svc help for a list of available commands , or svc help [command] for a list of subcommands . for example : to get the list of subcommands for controlling mobile data : svc help data to get the list of subcommands for controlling wifi : svc help wifi
i found the easiest way to do this was with the application color wallpaper . all the possible colors selectable from a menu , and i have not changed the color in months . you can set it and forget it . even uninstall after setting , if that is your wish . disclaimer : i am not the developer of this application , just a satified user - for years .
came across another cool app , it is called hexa time . you can try it .
flashing a new ( or old , for that matter ) rom will fix your problem . that is why they say to back things up before you mess with them ; )
if you are only missing that one file , you could try using my copy of it : http://www.freesoft.org/bbaccala/wpa_supplicant i am running 4.1.2 , but i will bet it'll work .
your previous task manager was a samsung addition , and not part of android itself . in 2.3 onwards there is a very similar and memory usage listing . if you go into settings , then into applications and click the " running services " option , it should show you everything that is running along with how much memory it is using . there is also a small graph at the bottom showing ram used vs ram free .
this use case now have an obvious long term solution:  android beam/nfc . not many devices supports nfc yet though , so there is still necessity for other techniques .
i have myself worked on similar project in which not just text messages we were also interested in having audio chat ( real time ) . as you pointed it , android does not really support ad-hoc wifi functionality as of now ( like u said that patching the wpa_suplicant is not generic and frankly i would call that method useless . ) also as your needs even i wanted to not use internet , so not being able to find any other way , for that time i just went with using any local wifi connection in proximity to connect with ( just to be clear , still we are not using internet ) i hope this possibly answers your points 1/2/3 . i am not sure whether a better solution to 1/2/3 exist atleast as long as android people does not allow an ad-hoc to be created ( or atleast joined . . as of now one can not even join ad-hoc wifi from android if i am correct ) regarding 4 , i am again sorry to say that answer to that is also ' no ' . when two devices connect first time , pairing has to happen . and , as far as i remember ( i did this project a few months back and did not get any time to continue/build upon ) for subsequent connections to already paired devices it did not ask for any confirmation besides our own confirmation which we asked to accept incoming voice call . other than that bluetooth method actually worked perfectly fine . hope that helped . let me know if there is something i can clarify more . -atul
on my s3 , the clock widget no longer launches the clock app or alarm . there is , however , a designated alarm app that may be used . that , or you can use a clock widget from the play store , there are quite a number that offer a similar experience to samsung 's default clock app , that allow you to launch a shortcut when tapped on .
on some mtk65xx device , the bin4ry script failed to reboot the device after the first step . so , you have to do that manually . so , right after this line appear " successful , going to reboot your device in 10 seconds ! " wait until the restore data closes , then reboot i have the same problem with my local branded tablet , and manual reboot solved the problem , and the script proceed to step 2 and finished the rooting process .
Settings &gt; Apps &gt; Downloaded &gt; { app } &gt; Uninstall or open the app drawer , find your app , long-press the icon and drag to the " uninstall " icon .
as al everett pointed out there are a few ways to remove an unofficial app from android . in fact uninstalling an app was simplified with jelly bean . i will cover two ways of uninstalling an app , both of which were mentioned by al everett . the first ( and arguably easiest way ) is to open the app drawer , normally represented by a grid of squares that can be surrounded by a circle . next you want to tap+hold your finger on the app you wish to remove . after a brief moment you should see a trashcan either at the top or at the bottom of your screen , drag the app to the trashcan and let go . at this point you should be prompted by android to verify the app uninstall . go ahead and confirm that you want to remove it . the second way involves going into the device settings , which in itself varies depending on device and version of android . lets go with the easiest way in jelly bean . tap your finger on the top edge of the screen and drag it down . this opens your notification panel . on the panel should be an icon in the top right corner that looks like a stick figure portrait with little boxes along the right and bottom edges . tap this to switch to a secondary panel that should have your " settings " option . the settings icon looks like horizontal slides with the word settings underneath them . once you are in the setting menu scroll down until you see " apps " and tap on it . now scroll down until you find the app you want to remove and tap it . you should now be on a new screen that provides some information about the app , and contains a few buttons . the main thing we are interested in on this screen is the " uninstall " button , this does exactly what it says and will remove the app . here is where i will provide some personal advice , before you uninstall the app i would decide if you will be installing it again any time soon . if you are not then i recommend tapping the " clear data " button before you remove the app . i have had a few rare occasions where the app data was not removed properly when i removed an app and i was unable to re-use that bit of storage on my phone , but again , this has been a rare issue for me . there you have it , 2 detailed ways to remove an unofficial app ( well , any non-system app really ) from android . good luck .
choosing the google installer option will verify the application with google before installing . choosing the package installer option will install the application as is . since i like to be safe , i installed avg antivirus from the play store . a third option will be to scan the package for viruses before installing .
it call the last number used in or out , its supposed to be a quick reconnect after a dropped call . . . the the bt is supposed to be hands free , so using the phone to select a call is none hands free ! you should be able to double tap the button and get a voice recognition control , with various occasionally funny results
this is probably determined by your particular headset , not your phone . i have two different headsets and the call button does two completely different things when pressed .
try : Settings → Applications → Manage Applications → select Browser ( "All apps" tab ) → Clear Data . this would delete all the data belonging to the app . quite like a factory reset , but just for that app . be careful while using this . make sure you select the correct application ( its called ' Browser' some phones and ' Internet' on some ) in the All apps list . you can accidentally delete your contacts and other important stuff if you are not careful
i noticed this when browser had way too many megabytes of data . if you are root you can remove the localstore files without clearing all browser data ( bookmarks etc . ) by using ghost commander or similar app , or adb shell , to remove the localstore files from /data/data/com . android . browser/app_databases .
adobe stopped supporting flash player on android , and removed their app from play store . gtv 's chrome browser 's flash plugin will remain at whatever version it currently is , and will no longer receive any updates . bottom line is that there is no way to play that video on your google tv device .
assuming the original photos are still available , the loss of the thumbnails is not an issue , so you can dispose of the corrupted files . the gallery app will read the images directly . in fact , certain space-management apps will delete thumbnails for space recovery . i use sd maid , which recommends their disposal in the systemcleaner panel . i have done this a number of times , without system degredation . the gallery obviously still works , as i can still find and display any of the near-1000 images taken on my phone . if you choose not to use sd maid to clean them up , you can do this manually with any file explorer app to find them in the dcim\thumbnails folder . this folder is the sibling to the camera folder ( dcim\camera ) . select and delete all the thumbnails without a problem , just do not do the same to the original images until you have backed them up .
early this year , arrived for android : air display by avatron software available for 3,79€ in google play . android 2.3.3 and up .
not to my knowledge . both of those solutions you have listed appear to use vnc as the service .
idisplay is now available for android . there is a review on androidcommunity . com us$4.99 in google play .
4 months later support finally shared me the latest rom that solved all the above issues .
i take the back up of all the applications regularly to my sd card . sometimes i uninstall them because of some issues . if i need them i install from my sd card directly . now i open the my market account in android website using my google account . it shows all the installed applications even though i removed them and installed again . i feel this answer is not completely relevant to the question . but i am sharing a way to reinstall the applications from android market . anyways you can remove the application and install it again .
as far as i know there is no way to tell the market to reinstall an app . i was hoping you could do it through the market website but i just tried and it refused to install an already-installed app . ( which bothers me because my phone and the website will definitely be out of sync regularly , i do too many third-party restores and so on . ) that said , you could clear the data for the market ( settings -> applications -> manage applications -> all -> market -> force close , clear data ) and reboot your phone , then start up the market again and look to see whether the update is available again or not . if it is not then you can trust that the latest version is installed since it grabbed that info directly from the system , and if not you can attempt the update again .
you can not " reinstall " . all you can do is just simply uninstall it and install again .
if you want to do the opposite , shutdown when charge , use this : " auto shutdown when no charge " https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.zerofactorial.probattle good for my car 's device and also had button broken
kernel is loaded at a later stage in the boot-up process , so any modifications to it would not have any effect for when the device is powered off . this functionality really depends on each device 's hardware , most likely in the bootloader ( more knowledgeable editors feel free to correct me . ) for example , my motorola atrix 4g phone begins booting up when i connect a charger , while my samsung galaxy tab does not - it displays the " battery charging " graphic and requires being powered on manually .
the battery charging graphic is displayed by /system/bin/playlpm file on samsung devices . if you are root , you can edit this file to #!/system/bin/sh /system/bin/reboot  be sure to add those permissions to the file chmod 0755/system/bin/playlpm chown root.shell /system/bin/playlpm  your device will now boot when plugged
i have found solution for my galaxy s4 . iet_demo is right . you should edit some file that creates battery animation when charger is connected . but in my case , file 's name was different . i searched through system/bin folder to find the file and i found it . its name is " lpm " . just edit that file . more info @ http://arduandro.wordpress.com/2014/07/03/autobootstart-android-when-charger-is-connected/
this app solves your problem : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=auto.boothl=en it is called auto boot - boot on charge this video explains its usage : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qydk_qpptvo enjoy !
check out this video . here you will find a feature that starts the os at a pre-defined time . we can replace that command with start-on-charger-connect . https://www.olimex.com/forum/index.php?topic=1091.0 check this link . it says you will have to edit the fex file . replace power_start = 1 and then build the new image . your device will start automatically .
i have a galaxy tab 4 i changed the lpm file . now the tab boots on charge , but in recovery mode ! ! any ideas ? automatically power on galaxy tab when the charger is connected
for some samsung devices , this can be accomplished through nomoarpowah ! : nomoarpowah ! can automatically reboot into android when charging is done . either when fully charged , or when the battery level reaches 15% and android has enough juice to run . you need root and you probably do not want to do it unless you really know what you are doing , since i would expect this to modify important system files .
latify in the play store does the trick .
install fasterfix from the play store and follow the prompts .
you actually can enable both of those features while in airplane mode . they get turned off automatically when you first enable airplane mode , but there is nothing that prevents you from re-enabling them :
sony xperia devices use a recovery-in-boot arrangement . while you can not simply flash a version of twrp or cwm , you can flash a kernel that includes what you need . for the xperia l , you can flash the phanton kernel , which includes cwm . there is no other way to do get cwm or twrp without flashing a new kernel .
please reboot your device . once you have rebooted , the music will show up in your music app . when you boot , android searched all sd cards for media , and then adds it to the media database , so that media apps can use it . please reboot , and the music will then show in your music player . if you have already rebooted , then please clear the data for the following apps : media storage music ( or music player , or media player ) if that still does not work , then copy the music direct to the music folder of the sd card that is in your device . final thing - android does not support all music formats . if the file is in a format android does not support , then it will not show in the music app .
why do not you try running it on a different os ? dual-boot linux ( probably ubuntu ) you had be able to find much more info in the community forums and/or their official documentation . i doubt that this has to do with your device , more likely some missing dependencies on your host system . ( sry , i was not " allowed " to add this as a comment :- ( ) additionally , in your last line of the question you mention that in the 4.1 image everything works fine , whereas in the intel 2.3 x86 image it does not . according to the documentation , graphics acceleration is supported in sdk platform api 15 revision 3 ( 4.0.3 ) and higher . assuming that your remark about intel 2.3 x86 and 4.1 refer to android version 2.3 and 4.1 , respectively , this would be in line with the android documentation . furthermore , take a look at the android project issue tracker for similar bugs and updates . there is also a pertinent question on stackoverflow with some useful suggestions and user activity .
as usual , the minute after i post a question , i figured it out . timerrific had disabled vibration in some magical way .
if you have tasker , you can use it to adjust your media volume based on proximity to a wifi network and many other conditions . i have mine configured to set the media volume to 1 when in range of the office wifi ( as well as setting the ringer volume to an appropriate level , etc . ) . you can also configure gestures as triggers , but i have not tried this .
in jellybean , when you hit the hardware volume keys , a slider pops up with a settings icon next to it . tapping on this icon allows you to change the media volume : click image to view larger version
i use the audio manager app for this . it allows you to control all the different volumes -- call , media , notifications , etc .
you can go to Settings &gt; Sound &gt; Volume and turn down the media volume all the way to 0 . i used automateit to mute media sound unless the earphone is plugged . a hack that i used to do is to just cover up the speaker hole until i can turn down the volume .
see this related question on our sister site for programming questions , stack overflow
generally its better to get one that matches the brand . however it is the same technology so it may work . ask about the return policy to make sure you can return it in case it does not work . you should be fine , though i cant say with 100% certainty .
be careful - i have tried this this week and was unsuccessful . i bought a samsung galaxy s3/4/note etc mhl cable thinking they were all the same and the micro usb is longer than normal . it would not fit in my nexus 7 or my htc one x .
samsung has two types of mhl cable : an 11-pin one for their more recent phones , and a 5-pin one for their older phones . the 5-pin one is standard and will work on non-samsung phones . the 11-pin one only works on newer samsung phones . third-party manufacturers tend to also sell both kinds , so look at which phones the cable says it is for . if it says it is for samsung galaxy s4 , or if it is y-shaped with a second usb output , then it is an 11-pin one and will not work with your phone . see my other answer on how does mhl work ? to learn more about the difference .
in System Settings -> Sound you should be able to select Pick Ringtone . if you do not find the ringtone you want , you can use any mp3 or ogg . just put the file on your sdcard in /sdcard/Ringtones/ . media scanner will classify anything in this directory as a ringtone .
the app stores you mention are different from each other . so , they maintain separate / different statistics .
you would need to re-calibrate the battery . i would suggest reading the answers on : how frequently is it okay to let the battery discharge fully or as low as possible ? looking for a consistent answer about battery calibration is there an efficient way to calibrate the battery than using some apps ?
try flashing this zip ( the xposed disabler attached to the op ) in recovery . you can also try repeatedly pressing any hardware button during boot until the phone starts vibrating . xposed will have entered " safe mode " when it vibrates for a longer duration . from the post : quick explanation of the safemode : it was developed by @tungstwenty and makes it possible to disable xposed by repeatedly pressing one of the hardware buttons during early startup . the phone will vibrate twice when the first key press has been detected . then you have five seconds to press the same button four more times . each key press will be confirmed with a short vibration ; the final one with a long vibration . it creates /data/data/de . robv . android . xposed . installer/conf/disabled , which prevents most of xposed’s actions ( e . g . no hooks are made and no modules are loaded ) . there’s no 100% guarantee that this will get you out of a bootloop , but in most cases it should .
i would suggest using a utility such as titaniumbackup to completely back-up all your applications and your data . it will be stored on your sd card so that you can restore them all after you have installed your new rom , and you would not even notice that it was gone .
have a look at this discussion . is your problem same as the one discussed here ? if so , google is working on a fix .
this is a feature of cdma ( standardized in is-95 ) and is called voice privacy . see an analysis of is-95 cdma voice privacy by m . zhang , et al . from 2000 , free download here citation ( the real paper begins at p . 10 in the pdf : abstract . the voice privacy of is-95 cdma cellular system is analyzed in this paper . by exploiting information redundancy on the downlink traffic channel , it is shown that an eavesdropper can recover the voice privacy mask after eavesdropping the transmission on the downlink traf- fic channel for about one second . thus , is-95 cdma voice privacy is vulnerable under ciphertext-only attacks . that cryptanalysis is now 12 years old and already then was the scheme considered broken . i guess it is easy to suggest to just leave the setting disabled . by combining some information grepped from the android source , i am pretty sure it is what you are asking for . to make it a little more transparent here are some source references : packages/apps/phone/res/xml/cdma_call_privacy . xml defines : packages/apps/phone/res/values/strings . xml defines those strings : . /hardware/ril/include/telephony/ril . h defines also :
from the my htc evo 3d book : touch to enable voice privacy , which makes your evo 3d encrypt your phone calls . what is voice privacy ? when you enable voice privacy , your evo 3d starts encrypting your calls so nobody can eavesdrop on them . . . . by encrypting your phone calls between your evo 3d and the cell tower , you add an extra layer of protection on your calls just in case someone wants to try to listen in . for this feature to work , your cellular service provider must support it , otherwise enabling it on your evo 3d is useless .
voice privacy is something that is part of cdma . i found this article that talks a little bit about it in the introduction . voice privacy of is-95 cdma is provided by means of the long code mask . the long code mask is not transmitted through any channel , it is constructedby the base station and the mobile station . to recover the long code sequence , the eavesdropper may exhaustively search the 42-bit long code mask , with atime complexity of o ( 2 42 ) . this attack is viable but is hard to implement inreal time . alternatively , it can be shown that the long code sequence can also be recovered if the eavesdropper can obtain 42 bits of plaintext-ciphertext pairs . as there are many mobile stations transmitting simultaneously on the tra cchannel and each mobile station only transmits approximately 3 minutes onthe average , it is rather di cult to obtain 42 bits of the plaintext message . i have also found a couple posts that talk about how sprint did studies that said it is not really any more secure , unless your eavesdropper has tons of money to spend on decrypting your call . actually , voice privacy on cdma is an added layer of voice encryption . sprint did some independent research ( i have heard quotes as big as a million dollars worth ) and determined that cdma without voice privacy is just as secure ( unless you have got a million dollars worth of financing to break into an individual phone call ) . . . in other words , turn the feature off , and do not worry about it .
ok , so i discovered what the issue was . . . it seems that it only works if the app is a system app - i have no idea why , as it works normally on my mum 's phone running android 2.3.7 . it must either be an android 4.1.3 feature , or a cyanogenmod feature . i will investigate further however . edit : this was not actually the issue . it turns out it was a development issue , as apps needed to be opened first ( on android 3.1+ ) before the receivers would register .
a lot of the secret codes are either carrier specific or rom specific . an example , i bought my son an htc evo 4g ( from swappa ) and called sprint to activate it . they had me enter one of the secret codes and it should have launched a window that would ask for a pin . but it did not . the reason was because the phone that i bought was running cm7 . in order to activate i had to enter this code . but in order to enter the code , i had to have the stock htc sense rom installed on the device . i found a flashable version of the sense rom , flashed it , called back sprint and entered the secret code . everything worked as expected . then after the device was registered with sprint i flashed cm7 back on the device .
here is the solution : get sure that u have enough free space in your internal memory . update your samsung kies . if you had connection problem with usb , download samsung mobile usb device : http://samsung-mobile-usb-device-1-0.soft32.com/ right click on samsung kies use compatibility mode ( windows pack 3 ) > before you start updating : go to your mobile and turn off music , wifi , bluetoot , gps . . as well . start updating .
i had the same problem , did everything i could think of . finally last night , i decided to try something different . i ran kies in " compatibility mode for xp sp3" it took forever , left the phone plugged in while i went to bed , woke up this morning with 4.1 finally on it . i run a windows 7 premium home 64bit . not sure if this will help with everyone 's problems with kies but hopefully it will help a few people . it is worth a try . my phone is a galaxy s iii from at and t . to change to " compatibility mode " do the following : go to C:\ drive , right click and click on `explore ' . go to \Program Files x86 , look for Samsung then right click on that folder . click on Properties then click the Compatibility tab and choose XP SP3 if you are given the option , select Run as administrator . i really hope this helps everyone else as it has me .
just run the kies with administrator permission . for windows 7 right click on the " samsung kies " or the " samsung kies ( lite ) " version and select " run as administrator "
same problem for me ( sgs2 i777 ) on windows 7 64bits : i could fix it by going to control panel => programs => programs and features . there is an option called run programs made for previous versions of windows : click on it , follow the steps , troubleshooting will start and a list of programs will appear , once the list is populated select samsung kies lite and select troubleshoot program , select start from there .
this is only due to the less memory on phone . try to uninstall some applications and media file from phone memory . automatically it will work .
i had a similar problem with the previous version of kies . every time i started kies ( with or without the phone connected ) kies would show a message that some components needed to be updated , even though i had the latest version of kies . after selecting ok , kies would start the update process and after a while just close itself without any warning . i experimented a bit and i think the problem has something to do with rights on your computer . i noticed that kies does install the components update properly when run from the administrator account , but strangely not when run from another account even when you tell it to " run as administrator " . i thought the problem would be fixed after i ran it in the administrator account , but when i started kies again under my normal ( not administrator ) account , the update message appeared again , and again kies shut itself down during the update . after that i gave up and just selected " cancel " every time the update message appeared . i upgraded kies itself this morning to version 2.5.0.12104_15 and now the problem seems to be fixed . the update components message does not appear when i start kies , but i haven’t tried updating the phone’s firmware yet .
had the same problem with a samsung galaxy s . i persisted and left it plugged in while i went on to do something else . when i came back later on the phone screen was all blue and the pc went to sleep : the phone was bricked the app then says it needs to restore from an error but it freezed the same way it did on the initial update attempts . i managed to get kies working " properly " on a computer with more memory . but it did not unbrick my phone . so if it goes silent do not insist . you can try on an other computer but my advice is not to use kies . you can flash the stock roms used in kies with another application . ( if you need i will give more info when i get home ) .
i have heard good things about tasker . i wonder if it can help ?
i solved the problem myself . i had a game installed on sd card named , hambo , i shifted it to phone and all apps , came back to their place , what else change i did earlier was to remove updates of android market app . so google play was removed and then i did the only change of moving one app . from sd card to phone and my problem was solved . i do not know actual reason of problem but based on what i read some where i think it was may be waiting for some update or change in some installation after the uninstallation of play update . so when i shifted an app to phone , all old things restored at their place .
you do not need root to backup data from an android device to a pc , you only need physical access and to enable debugging in the developer menu . this lets you copy data from the app 's internal storage , which may contain sensitive information that you do not want to let somebody steal , like your facebook access token . i agree that it is pretty trivial in most cases , but there are some cases which require this extra layer of protection against attacks where physical access is involved . note that in order to get around this you would need to root the phone , in which case the sensitive data in the internal storage would be wiped when the factory reset occurs .
if you keep using the google voice app for texting , it does not matter if you activate sms via hangouts . however , any texts you send out of hangouts will go through your verizon number , incurring carrier charges . if you are running cyanogenmod 11 rom , you may want to look into voice+ . it is a custom app that allows you to pipe all " regular " sms through google voice , from any app such as hangouts , messaging , handcent , whatsapp , etc . it is still in beta ( as is the entire cm11 ) but works quite well for keeping all the messaging together in a single app . when hangouts got ability to send/receive sms last year , google promised that they will eventually merge google voice functionality into it , thus making it a single app . this looks to be slowly happening behind the curtains . in the latest hangouts v2.1 update , bits and pieces pointing to google voice integration started showing up . we will most likely hear more about this in the upcoming google i/o developers conference this coming summer .
could this be regional ? i have an application called samsung apps on my phone , and it works just fine . if you have this software on your phone try using it instead of kies .
the galaxy s is fully supported by kies , and it runs google 's android os so i am not sure what that is all about . samsung does not support samsung apps on the galaxy s , however . they made that choice for some business reason i am sure . they list supported phones on this page . the best way to get apps is through the android market , which is already on the galaxy s . samsung apps has very few apps and they look sub-par to me .
pulling this out of comments and into an answer , so it is easier to see . . . the samsung kies software is not only used for samsung 's android based phones ( like the galaxy s ) it is also used to manage phones running samsung 's own bada operating system . the samsung apps store in the kies software ( currently ) only holds apps for phones running the bada software , not android . you can see the list of supported phones here at the bottom of the page . samsung phones , like the galaxy s series , that are running android should have a samsung apps icon in their application list on the phone itself , you can find the selection of android compatible samsung apps in here . currently there are not many apps in there , though they are slowly expanding , one good thing is that ( currently ) they are all free , and many of them are full versions of apps that you had have to pay for if you got them through the android market .
just a thought based on what i experienced . i saw icons disappearing on an android tablet , when i move the apps to sd card or apps installed on sd card instead of internal default flash memory . are these apps installed on an external sd card ? if the sd card is not initialized when the home screen becomes active , they may not be available .
microsd cards already have wear leveling at the hardware level - placing software wear leveling on top of that will not help much . just get a higher quality microsd next time .
gtalksms ( google project page ) does what you want ( and much more ) . edit : after actively developing gtalksms , i decided that it is time to spawn a new project called maxs . see my second answer . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into gtalksms . gtalksms is an open source gpl licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
if xmpp is not a must have you should check out mightytext app and chrome extension . i use it every day . you do not need to have your phone near you because you see sms messages and you can respond from the app . you can even initiate a phone call from the extension ( web app ) .
maxs ( modular android xmpp suite ) does what you want , and much more . you can reply to incoming sms messages or send them via xmpp . all you need is a standard xmpp client on your pc . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into maxs . maxs is an open source gplv3 licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
according to this post , com.sonyericsson.usbux is enhancedusbux.apk app , which handles usb support . com.sonyericsson.capabilities belongs to DefaultCapabilities.apk app , but i have not been able to find anything about its functionality , other than a cryptic " hardware capabilities " description .
this may help go to setting : 1 . sound 2 . default notification sound ( none ) . choose the none option !
i am able to receive reset links despite having logged in today , yesterday and pretty much every day . however you should be able to access your account on your phone ( as it will use your login details to sign in to chrome ) then use that to add your phone number to your account . then pick reset my password with my phone which will send an sms to your phone .
yes , your phone must be rooted because to access that file the /system needs to be mounted as write-able once you obtain root you can run this command inside a shell : su chmod 777 /sys/class/leds/button-backlight/max_brightness then just navigate to that file and edit it using a file browser . what the chmod 777 command does is change the permissions on that file so that you can edit it . after you finish i would suggest changing the permissions back to what they were . the original permissions were probably 0666 . so it would be like this : chmod 0666 /sys/class/leds/button-backlight/max_brightness to encompass t0mm13b 's remark below , go here for information on how to make the file write-able at boot , instead of having a script be run at each boot that makes it write-able .
this turned out to actually be a network provider problem ( in my case : simplemobile in the us ) and the fix is incredibly simple : remove the proxy server from the apn and everything works . the final hint i needed was the google now error message , googling that took me to this thread on xda-developers . i have no explanation for why ' clear data ' fixed the issue for a few minutes and why this did not occur when tethering the tablet through the phone ( maybe a cached server connection somehow ? ) . it does however explain why the problem occured again when putting the sim card into the tablet ( the apn comes with the problematic proxy as a preset ) , and that should have tipped me off , i guess .
unless the google play version is designed to work with sprint 's network , i do not think there is a process to do so . however , there is good news . first , nexus devices ( even from the carrier ) tend to be mostly to entirely bloat free . for example , the verizon nexus 7 2013 is completely stock . verizon loves to put bloat on their devices too . . . second , even if there is bloat on it , it should be very simple to root and remove the bloat . in the process , you will have to wipe your data , so if you want to use that option , you will want to do it right when you get the phone . . .
from my reading of the lg g watch user manual pdf there are 2 sets of data that can be brought up from a ' swipe up ' action . 1 ) google now . this can be customised through the ' wand ' icon in google now , and swiping away cards will often give the prompt " do you wish to continue to receive updates about &lt ; whatever > ? i doubt this is what you are referring to . 2 ) the actual settings/options . there is no mention here or anywhere else as to customising these options . i can not imagine you had be allowed ( or want to ) remove something like " pairing " or " display " options for obvious reasons , they seem to apply the same rationale to all options , as is standard on all android devices . if , on the off chance , you are referring to the app drawer , then you would have to uninstall the app from your phone first as the android wear app synchs all compatible apps . finally the only other thing i can think of is notifications you do not want . in this case : on your phone open the android wear app . touch the settings icon touch mute notifications click the + icon choose what app ( s ) you want to mute .
try downloading via wifi . i had this issue recently , same phone . tried a few times ; both on pc and on the device itself each failed . i realized wifi was off ( mobile data only ) . i turned wifi on and the file downloaded first go .
log into google play store ( via browser ) scroll to the bottom of the page and locate " my orders and settings " click on the settings tab assign a " nickname " to your phone check " shown in menus " save settings return to the play store and download apps . this worked for me .
why are you choosing to distribute via an sd card ? you can use something akin to phonegap , and pack it into an apk . it is still static files locally , and still being run by the local webrenderer . this is a bit of an alternative solution + comment - . -
if you can install an app from the play store without infringing on your contract , then get task bomb . launch the app and tap tasks tap the white plus in the top-right corner select view for action type tap data , then tap your file manager in the popup browse to the root of your site and tap the index page for activity , select whichever app you want to use to open it now that you have created the task , you have to add a homescreen shortcut go to your homescreen and drop the quick launch shortcut to your homescreen select your task from the list , name it anything , and you are good to go !
as suggested by t0mm13b in his comment on your question , a shortcut on the desktop is the easiest way . this requires you to first open the page with your browser , and create a bookmark for it ( you will see later why this step is required ) . as you stated not to be able to add the shortcut in the usual way , here comes an alternative approach : some tablets come with a launcher that only offers wallpaper settings on long press ( i have some of those as well ) . in this case , oben the app drawer ( where you can find all your apps ) , and switch to the " widgets " tab ( usually by swiping the page from right to left ) . you will see the word " widgets " highlighted on top . now look out for the " bookmarks " widget . you may be offered multiple of them , from "1x1" to "4x4" ( the numbers here specify the size the widget will consume on your screen ) . you can play with them to find the one suiting you best . long-press it , and the drawer behind it will " fade out " -- instead your homescreen ( s ) will display . drop the widget where you want to have it . now it will ask you for which bookmark you want to use for the widget . chose the bookmark you created in your browser at the beginning . now the widget should be created on your homescreen .
i never did find out which version of heimdall to use with either device , but settled on using odin3 v1.85 with my s2 ( did not work with an s3 , after all ) . if you have the at and t skyrocket version of the s2 , a great place to start looking is : [ howto ] the ultimate newb guide > | install cwm/twrp | root | unroot |the skyrocket
the ' haifa ( current ) ' display is the weather at the position your phone thinks it is currently located at . in other words , the ' current ' refers to current position . the other ' haifa ' display is the weather at the extra city location that you have set up . the displays show different weather because the specific locations used by your phone within haifa are presumably different , even though they are both within haifa .
most probably , street view imagery is not available for your location ( yet ) . cross check the web version with any pc for the same location that does not work on your phone check a well-supported street view location such as google hq on your phone
check the tables of supported countries on wikipedia . most likely , street view is not yet available where you live .
it may take a couple of second for the street view button to become enabled . just leave the button for up to half a minute ?
i use adw launcher . i made a drawer with apps i use . then i removed shortcut to main app menu , and placed instead a shortcut to my custom drawer . this way i do not see apps i do not usually use , but i still have access to them in case i really want ( i just edit my custom drawer ) . and adw launcher is not something that voids your warranty .
the way i organize my home screen is that it contains everything i needed , and my app menu contains everything else that i never needed to see . this way , i almost never need to use the app menu , except when using a new application .
the only ways i know to remove it are the two ways you listed ( that you do not want to do ) : root phone . freeze application with titanium backup install a different launcher such as launcher pro which lets you hide apps . only a home launcher can disable what is show in the app drawer . if your current launcher does not support it , then you are unfortunately out of luck .
this site describes how to get access to the serial console on the nexus s , which is really the only way of debugging boot problems . it is not for the faint-hearted , though : you need a uart-to-usb module , with resistors connected across certain pins , all connected to your phone . if you screw it up you will blow up the phone . the same information 's also mirrored here , in case the first site should disappear . btw , if you had tried asking this on stack overflow instead of here , you had have found this duplicate question which has the same link i just found :- )
according to this article tectiles 2 tags are based on the nfc forum type 4 tag standard ( though the article does not mention an exact chip ) . also samsung explicitly released tectiles 2 for use with devices that have non-nxp nfc chipsets ( like galaxy s4 ) . this means that these tags are compatible to all current android nfc devices including the nexus 5 .
there is no way to force open urls through an app if it does not show up in the popup menu to choose an app . afaik there is a filter in applications called the intent filter that is hard coded into the applications code by the developer . the filter is triggered when certain urls are pressed . if amazon has not done this you cannot get it to open amazon . co . uk urls without manually adding it to the apps code .
it is up to the app to register an intent filter for urls it can understand . when the app does this , and you click an appropriate link , the chooser asks you which you want to open . if you have previously had a chooser for amazon links , and accidentally selected to always use a web browser , you can undo this by going into the device settings , then apps . select the browser from the list , and then click clear defaults . if you have never had a chooser for amazon links , then the app can not respond to them . it is possible to use a third-party app to act as an intermediary , so that you open the amazon links in that app , and it forwards them to the amazon app , but if the amazon app does not understand the url you are using , the results are unpredictable : it might crash , or simply open to the main screen . you will have to contact the developer through their official support channels to ask them to add this feature .
thanks @rossc and @filoxo for your comments . adding these as answer : if you are rooted there is an option in titanium backup pro to remove anything from the dalvik cache not linked to an app . this orphan data suggests that data may remain in the cache after the app is no longer using it or even uninstalled . there is also nothing wrong with periodically wiping your device 's dalvik cache using a custom recover like twrp . it might take a little bit longer to start up some apps , but that would be almost unnoticeable on most modern devices .
it worked by just doing sh /mnt/sdcard/touch.sh &amp; after having started a shell with adb shell . then , when i closed the terminal forcibly while the process was in the background , the process remained running in the background of my phone as expected . i was able to kill the process later by getting with adb shell the using ps to find the process id and kill -s KILL &lt;ID&gt; to kill it . basically , turns out i did not have to make an android app just to make my script run in the background . clash on . . .
the android os is supposed to do this automatically for you unless the device is powered down or rebooted incorrectly ( eg . removing the battery ) . ive never heard of files being doubled on an sd card after rebooting before . i would suggest trying a different rom since your phone is rooted .
if files are being doubled , why are you asking about safe unmounting ? problems caused by no safe unmounting are file system corruption , data loss etc . files are not doubled by it . i have not heard of such type of problem before . its possible that an app or a shell script is doubling files at the time of boot . to pin-point the problem , turn off the device , remove the sdcard and check with pc that files are doubled or not . if files are doubled , it means something is doing this at time of shut down . do this : turn off device by pulling out battery and then boot . tell me the result .
i also had a similar problem , to me it looked like battery stats issue , i discharged my phone completely and then recharged it . that solved problem with my phone .
i have had similar issues with google goggles , the android api demo app , and one or two other apps . i strongly believe this is just a bug in the battery statistics , as it has never impacted my battery life in a meaningful way . usually the way i make this go away is by rebooting the phone , although that is not ideal .
when you have any keyboard open to enter text into an app , you should see a keyboard icon among the notifications . click this to open the input method chooser , then select anysoftkeyboard from the list . the checkboxes in the language and keyboard settings only control which keyboards appear in this list .
mx video player supports quite a number of video extensions namely . 3gp . avi . divx . f4v . flv . mkv . mp4 . mpeg . mov . vob . wmv . webm . xvid and many more but it will require you to install this codecs for gt-i5503 ( you will be auto prompted after you install the player but in case not , use the link ) . you will not need to convert videos anymore .
i highly recommend handbrake video converter . it can convert all common video formats to mp4 , mkv that the samsung video player supports . choose the ipod profile which is supported by most phones or you could also create your own profile . i always use handbrake to convert videos for my galaxy ace . the samsung gt-i5503 shares many similarities with the galaxy ace and as samsung is using the same layer of software on top of android ( touchwiz with all the apps such as music , video etc . . ) the same settings should work for your phone .
i believe you should install the european version of samsung 's rom or any other rom of choice . this xda thread lists official firmwares for your device .
you can not do this because : there is only one google services framework running for all accounts . google accounts credentials are stored centrally from where google apps authenticate . but , there is a way to solve your issue : turn on imap from gmail settings . and , use imap in default email app or k-9 mail app . done ! play store can not see it . .
there is a way to solve your issue . turn on imap from gmail 's settings and then add it as an imap account in android 's default email app or k-9 mail ( etc . ) . then the play store can not see it .
there are two methods you can use to adjust the vibration duration : system configuration tap your device " home " button ; tap your device " menu " button ; tap " settings" ; tap " sound" ; use " vibration intensity " to adjust the duration . this may not be available for all devices/android versions custom application there are a few applications available from google play store that you can use to adjust vibration timers . vibration notifier by j4velin allows you to set a vibrate interval and additionally alows you to specify the duration of each vibration : let your device vibrate every x min . when you missed a call / received an email
change your wifi network name . use at least wpa2 encryption ( and a long password with numbers and letters ) . do not broadcast the network name ( i.e. . make it a hidden network ) . apply mac filtering . also , do not forget to change passwords of all your accounts . changing isp has nothing to do with your problem . this sounds more like a trolling neighbor . consider contacting the police too . .
change your wifi password . even better , hide the access point and use mac address filtering . factory reset your nexus 7 . if it was rooted , restore from the factory image available at google 's website . delete all the profiles in your desktop browsers and use new ones . this is to prevent the history from syncing with the stalker .
i use simple calendar widget . different skins * possibility to choose which calendars to show * font style and background customization * show or hide current day of month * possibility to choose which application to open * support of tasks using dato gtasks or astrid i cannot post images but here is a link to the app : link
you might want to take a look at pure calendar widget . will cost you about two bucks , but does exactly what you request : widget for agenda / tasks / todo ( agenda style ) synced with google calendars show calendars from google , touchdown and moto/lg exchange show tasks from astrid , tasks ( team ) , myphoneexplorer , ultimate to-do list , tasksync , calengoo , dgt gtd , gtasks , got to do , task organizer , due today , touchdown , pocket informant pure calendar widget / agenda widget for android ( source : google play ; click image for larger variant ) an alternative could be agenda widget for android ( second screenshot above ) , which has a free trial variant ( which i linked ) and comes close to what the previously mentioned does . as i do not use any of those , i cannot tell you which might fit you best -- but at least with the free variant , you might want to give it a try : )
try jorte calendar . it merges google calendar and tasks flawlessely https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jp.co.johospace.jortehl=en
the . nomedia file is for the reason you stated . you can safely remove the file and other apps will be able to pick up the medias in that folder . in any case , if there is any problem you can easily create that file again . it can be a empty file with the name . nomedia . you can use programs like es file explorer to explore to that directory and create the file . edit : as per the comments below which contains very useful information : your music apps may recreate the . nomedia file when you launch it . other players will only be able to play the music if only the musics are drm free .
as i was writing that question i stumbled upon the answer in a really convoluted menu pathway . i was unable to find it in my prior research on the internet so i will post it up in case anyone is looking in future . open the settings app . go to language and keyboard . touch the settings button next to touch input under keyboard and input methods touch personal dictionary touch edit personal dictionary press the menu button then touch delete then select incorrect entries to remove .
rooting your phone ( standard rooting procedure ; not from flashing a custom rom ) will not make you lose samsung features . if you flash cyanogenmod ( which is a custom rom that also has root pre-installed ) , you will no longer be able to use samsung 's features . samsung is touchwhiz-based ( tw ) , and cyanogenmod is aosp-based . apps developed only for tw-based roms are not compatible with aosp-based roms .
having a similar issues on a nexus 7 2012 , from last few days . was working fine since i had bought it in october . i am still facing this issue as i write , after going through various forums , trying the following of workarounds : changing the channel to less crowded ones , although my galaxy s never had a problem with the same router since last 3.5 years turn off wifi , restart , enable wifi . one notable change i did was to remove the sim ( this is is wifi + 3g model ) , just wondering if that caused any issue . the only reason i removed the sim was because it was constantly prompting to restart the device ! ! !
looks like it is related to " wi-fi optimization " option under " advanced " setting in wi-fi screen . by turning it off i can consistently find the wifi ap i was looking for . once it is connected i can turn it on again without negative consequences . edit : nevermind , looks like it only help some of the time , there are still times when the device cannot find the ap every other device has no problem discovering and connecting to . . .
if you have a routed phone/android , log into the system as root and use the program manager " pm " to systematically remove each app/gapp you do not want . if that breaks a feature you need , use pm to put it back and move on to other " bloatware " you want to remove . to use the shell install the android sdk package . i would suggest that you backup a package before removing it : is it possible to backup apk from an installed application ? so , having your clean custom built rom , you should be able to use the same feature to individual install which particular gapp you want from your backup . installing an app is simple from the cli : $ adb install -s example.apk  by the way , this is a good reference for the android debug bridge ( adb ) commands . look at the install section :
you might wish to check with are there any solutions other than flashing gapps , to have google accounts on cyanogenmod ? – where i named an alternative : on xda , you can find the nogapps project , which basically is an opensource replacement of most google apps ( including playstore ) , often mapping to free alternatives ( e . g . openstreetmap for maps ) . the " elements " come as separate packages to install , so you can pick the ones you want – and simply skip the others . status is different for each of the services : some are actively developed , some are " not yet usable " , some seem even to be " abandoned " ( like the playstore replacement blankstore , which is discontinued since 2012 – but luckily seems to have a successor named blank store ) . i have not ( yet ) used it , so i cannot tell which parts are essential or how well those replacements work . but head over and check out for yourself . marvin seems to still actively be on it ( last update of the " lead post " was just a few days ago ) . as for " zero bloatware " and " android without google " , you might also wish to check my answer here ; )
you will need to uninstall the app from your device and after that the play store should allow you to purchase it .
this thread gives a nice step by step tutorial on how to re-flash to stock ics , which will relash the stock recovery . in a nutshell : how to restore galaxy s3 to android 4.0.4 ics xxlaf2 stock firmware : download the ics stock firmware file from here or here . after the rom file is downloaded successfully , you should extract its contents and you will get a single file with the ‘ . tar . md5′ extension . save it on your computer’s desktop . download odin3 3 . o4 for galaxy s3 i9300 from here . extract odin . zip contents into a single folder and save it on your pc desktop . now , power off your galaxy s3 phone and after this you will need to boot into download mode . boot into download mode by pressing ‘volume down’ + ‘home’ + ‘power’ and release these buttons only after the display powers on . press volume up button to confirm that you want to load download mode . now , go to your pc and launch the ‘odin’ executable file . the one you’ve extracted at step 4 . next , connect your sgs3 i9300 to your computer and odin should display a message box saying ‘added ! ! ’ . if you don’t see this message then it means that the usb drivers aren’t installed on your pc and you should use the download links in the preparation guide , the ones listed above this tutorial guide . if odin did find the samsung usb driver you’re free to move to the next step . in odin click the button that is called ‘pda’ . find the file you’ve extracted at step 2 . it should have the ‘ . tar . md5′ extension . select it and it will be loaded into odin . note : don’t change any of the odin’s default settings and make sure that the ‘re-partition’ option isn’t selected . press the start button in odin and the program will now begin to install the stock firmware files . when the installation is complete you will see a ‘pass’ alert displayed by odin and this means that everything went according to plan . your phone will also restart and after the samsung logo appears you are free to unplug the device from your computer . note : if odin gets stuck you are required to disconnect the phone from your pc and remove its battery and then re-insert it and , now repeat all the entire tutorial once again as something went wrong and the firmware wasn’t flashed . that should do it , now your phone has been restored to factory stock firmware . make sure to use the comments section in case you other questions .
i do not think there is a way to find out directly . the only thing i can think of is check the log files and hope there is a mention of https , however this is not likely to be very succesful . reverse engineer the app and look at the source code but to understand what your looking for you will want to have some android programming experience .
if you control the network , you can use shark for root to check whether the apps open port 80 ( default port for http ) or port 443 ( default port for https ) . iirc , wireshark can also read http headers . if you do not want to root your phone , and you are on a wifi network that you owned ; you can use wireshark/firesheep to snoop on the traffic of the android device from your laptop .
there is only one ruu available for desire s in htcdev website which should work on all htc desire s .
google 's support page provides this option : to reboot your google tv : to reboot your sony tv or bluray player or your logitech revue , press control + alt + backspace on your controller . if you had adb connected you could also try adb reboot , which works on other devices .
you can try apps like tasker and locale for this . they are paid app though .
you can try my app homeprofile , too . it changes your sound profile when your device connects with a specific wifi or when it is disconnected from it .
the free app android llama can do this . best of all it is not required to use the energy-expensive gps-receiver but can do the same also with " wlan-ids-in-reach " and " cell-phone-masts-in-reach " as alternative .
as there is no response anymore from the op , a short summary from the comments for possible solutions : this issue can have multiple reasons : broken/damaged sd card trouble with the file system on the card ( damaged or simply not existing ) , or with the partition table broken/damaged sd card slot incompatible sd card specs ( speed , class , brand , . . . ) these are the things you should try best in the order of their listing : put the card into a card reader , and attach it to your computer . see if it is recognized and readable . if it is readable and working fine on the computer , this elmininates reasons 1-2 from above , leaving you with reason 3-4 . continue with 2 . if the computer claims errors , these are most likely the same keeping the card from working on your android device . check what the errors are , and take appropriate actions . skip to 3 . check a different card with your android device ( either you have another one around , or a friend might borrow you one to check with ) . if that card works fine , it eliminates reason #3 . as you already eliminated #1 and #2 above , this leaves you with #4 -- buy a new card ( by now you know at least one working brand/class/size combination -- from the card succeeding here ) , no more checks needed . if no other card seems to work , that almost eliminates reason #4 ( though you will not be able to check all combinations of brand/class/size , it is unlikely to have tried 5 different combinations and none is working ) , which leaves you with reason #3 -- a case for the service station . either get your device repaired , buy a new device , or live without a sd card available . if you got here , you obviously have some trouble with the card itself which might be solveable . so here are several things you could try to get it working ( again ) . consider all data lost which have been on the card ( data recovery is a different issue , but if needed , it should take place before you apply any of the below steps ! ) . stop whenever one of the following steps brought you success : try formatting the card from within your device try the same from the computer it might be needed to fix the partitions . with a custum recovery ( e . g . clockworkmod recovery ) on your device , this can be done from there -- otherwise you might need to do it from your computer . that done , format it again check different file systems . fat16/32 should always work , when in doubt that should be a nearly complete how-to-fix-it . if i forgot something , feel free to mention it : ) tl ; dr -- short variant :
this looks like the typical hassle with qualcomm 's wifi chips and some routers . both nexus 4 and 7 use a wifi chip manufactured by qualcomm . depending on your router 's configuration those chips will stop responding after some time when the device is in standby . a temporary quick fix for this problem is to assign a static ip to your devices instead of using dhcp . this can be done in most routers using a mac-> ip mapping . if this does not help , you can stop reading now . there are three other methods of fixing ( of which one will require root ) : non-root : go to wifi settings -> advanced and set your frequency to 2,4 ghz only ( this will work at a 50% chance ) go to wifi settings -> advanced and disable " wifi optimisation " ( warning : this can lead to a huge battery drain in busy networks ) root : open a file explorer ( e . g . es explorer ) with root privilegs , move to /etc/wifi and open the file wcnss_qcom_cfg . ini . edit these three parameters so that they will all be enabled ( =1 ) : genableactivemodeoffload=1 hostarpoffload=1 hostnsoffload=1 save the file and reboot your device . a little bit of explanation : the feature that is messed up in qualcomm 's configuration file is arp - adress resolution protocol . arp is meant to map a hardware 's mac adress to it is ip adress so the router can directly call the connected hardware via mac adress . usually the router periodically sends arp requests to connected devices to ensure they are still in the network . when the device is awake and the cpu is active , it will deal with the arp request and everything goes well . once the cpu is asleep , it is the wifi chip 's job to deal with arp requests so that the cpu need not to be powered on every time an arp request arrives . if arp-offloading is disabled though , the chip will not respond to the request and the router will kick the device out of its ip&lt ; -> mac map , which eventually leads to a dead connection . when you assign a static ip , the whole arp stuff is not needed obviously . disabling wifi optimisation will make the cpu inspect every packet so it will deal with arp instead of the wifi chip . the problem here , that this will hinder the device from going into power save mode . i personally had the same wifi problems until i manually fixed my . ini the way i described above . it took me nearly half a year to figure the problem out . i hope that i can help you with that ! best regards ! disclaimer : i am not responsible if you harm your phone or data .
i found solution : rename the name of my mobile phone . refer to https://community.verizonwireless.com/thread/816633
i use a program called silent sifter on our mac desktop . i think it was like $9 or something but it was very worth it . upon initial set up , it got rid of all my duplicates and filed all my existing scattered photos by year and month within that . what i love about it is that you tell it what folders you want to " input " ( dropbox folder , whatever . . . ) and then where you want it to " output " ( i created a folder simply called " photos - master" ) . then you can tell it how you would like the files to be named and organized ( subfolders ) . you can then set it to automatically scan and sift as any changes are made . what this means for me is that anytime i take a photo on my note 3 , it is automatically synced to dropbox ( because i set it up that way in dropbox ) . then silent sifter kicks in on my computer after seeing a change has been made within the dropbox folder . it will look at the exif data on the photo and i have it set to sort by year > month ( because i do project life style scrapbooking ) . you can go as far as sorting by year > month > day > moment . i never have to touch a cord again ! so glad i found this program ! especially because macs are ignorant with android phones . . . do not even recognize them being connected without additional software - such a p.i.t.a. i am sure it can do more than i have even figured out with it yet - i am not super tech savvy but i try !
you can do this using the foldersync app ( it is a paid app ) . the app allows you to setup local folder ( s ) on your device which can be synced to various cloud services , a shared folder , or even ftp ( see below for a full list ) . when setting up a " folder pair " you can choose to " delete source files after sync " . there is also a lite version available if you want to test it out first . full list of supported cloud services/protocols :
once you sign-in to the google hangouts app in an android device , you will always appear online until you sign-out of the app . shutting down the phone , or even uninstalling the app will not do it . i am not sure why she appears offline in gmail .
ghostery for firefox has not been officially released yet , you have to wait a bit until its out .
ghostery for firefox has been reworked to enable it to work with firefox for android . click the link , install and enjoy not broadcasting everything you do to everybody .
a variety of issues can cause windows to report this device cannot start ( code 10 ) . the first thing to check is to go to windows update and install any relevant updates for your computer . you may also need to select any optional updates which are not yet installed . once the computer is up to date , try reinstalling the device driver provided by the phone manufacturer . you can find these for the motorola droid razr at motorola 's web site ( choose handset usb driver for windows 32-bit or 64-bit depending on which version of windows you have ) . you can also use the motorola device manager to install the drivers .
this is to prevent page ads fron draining your battery when you are not using the phone ( for example ) , page execution is stopped . as for opera , i believe they have their own javascript engine , so maybe it is not standards-compliant . or maybe it does not interface well with the android sound system . or maybe the page 's javascript is not standards-compliant .
flash is only available for android 2.2+ . you will not be able to install it on any older version of android .
the factory implementation does not support landscape . ( when you configure the background , you get a hint about this from the dimensions of the image ) . lanscape mode would require a custom rom .
i know you mentioned sense ui but you could use launcherpro which has the ability to auto-rotate the homescreen . personally i believe launcherpro is a far better implemented launcher than sense . if you purchase launcherpro plus you will get 90% of the sense ui widgets anyway but also you will get an increase in speed and stability . launcherpro :
since it is a day , return it back and get another one is the best solution , afaik . update it is a battery issue and afaik , nobody in this forum is going to put fixes on battery issues . and if i were in your shoes , then i would definitely return that phone and bring back a new one from the seller .
sure it can be done . i never used this feature , so i am not sure whether there is an option for " a simple icon " , but you should take a look at the " bookmark widget": first , start your browser and create a bookmark for the page you want to link to . second , go to your homescreen , long-tap on a free space ( where you want the link to be ) , select " widgets " , and then watch out for the " bookmark widget " . tap it , select your bookmark , et voila ! there should be a shortcut on your homescreen . alternative to the second step : while still in your browser , go to " bookmarks " , long-tap the bookmark you created , and select " add to homescreen " ( source : androidcentral ) . more alternatives : is it possible to create a url link to a website on the home screen ? pinning web sites to android homescreen check the many bookmark widgets available at google play use the tasker app to create a shortcut ( not that easy when trying tasker for the first time , as it is quite complex – but here i am pretty sure it will be an icon . and as side-effect , you have got the mightiest automation tool available for android : ) to do the similar thing to open a file with an associated app , depending on the launcher used , explained using an example : go to your homescreen long press an empty space where the icon should be placed in the opening menu , select " shortcut " select your file manager ( this will not work with all file managers ; in my example , i used es file explorer , which perfectly serves this case ) now navigate to the file you want to create a shortcut for ( in my example , i selected an epub ebook ) the icon should appear on your homescreen . now , tapping that icon , either your ebook reader opens directly ( if only one is installed , or you have made it the default to " always use" ) , or , as in my case , a popup asks you to chose the app to be used ( e . g . aldiko , moon+ reader , fbreader ) .
a quick google search turns up this guide on xda . you need to have propers drivers installed . " download the zip and unzip it to your desktop . go into your phone 's settings and go to developers options . turn on usb debugging . go back to settings and go to security . turn on unknown sources . now plug your phone in and run the . bat file that you just unzipped . follow the commands on the and that should be it . " most rooting tools are released for windows first , and linux/mac only if there is considerable demand . i would suggest getting it done on a windows system if you have access to , rather than searching for a linux compatible tool . as for your comment on ' generic ' tools , you should know that most tools work by exploiting known security vulnerabilities , many of which are specific to a kernel and/or rom version , and this may carry over to multiple devices ( example would be oneclickroot ) . if such a tool is reported to work for your device , you can try it .
lg locked out the ability to root if you have their current firmware ( 10i as of my last knowledge and at time of writing ) . key points from that thread are : to successfully root , you must be using firmware 10f ( or presumably earlier ) . in that event , the rest of the ' easy root toolboxes ' ( i used one produced by bin4ry ; available here . i believe his toolbox comes with both win and *nix binaries , but the reason *nix is irrelevant i explain below ) in conclusion : use the information outlined in this post keeping in mind the following . ensure your firmware is 10f ( if not , you must pursue the kdz and the downgrade process ) use bin4ry 's toolkit
thought i would share with everyone how to root version 10i of the lg escape . how to root version v10i run lg spectrum ics root script ( windows version ) batch file . takes about a minute http://www.sendspace.com/file/jtcbmy
sounds like the permission for the mount point of the external sd card got messed up . this is how it looks like on a sgs with cm 9.1: shell@android:/ $ ls -l /mnt/ d---rwxr-x system sdcard_rw 1970-01-01 01:00 emmc 
there are apps that claim to override/customize this functionality so yeah , it can be done . example : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.danez.headphonecontrollerfortablet the description notes the following exception : tested on jelly bean:work fine except volume up and down that is intercepted by a google app . i work on it the headset button app claims to do the same and may be more what you are looking for .
you can have a look at this app
option 1 ( no data at all ) go to settings --> more settings --> mobile networks --> uncheck " mobile data " the device will no longer connect to the internet , but continue to receive calls and text . mms are not possible . option 2 ( data only for mms ) ( source ) go to settings --> more settings --> mobile networks --> access point names --> select your data apn --> apn type remove in the field apn type everything but " mms " . you have to leave " mobile data " enabled ( see option 1 )
windows av would scan threats against the its operating system , nothing more . perhaps you may try a scan on sd card for hidden viruses but nothing else . i suggest you try the following apps antivirus security avg lookout security and antivirus https://play.google.com/store/search?q=antivirusc=apps
if your phone is rooted windows can access all files includeing pre installed stuff on rom but however like most people said windows scanner is in windows code etc so scanning it would be useless but if rooted your pc can delete rom installed programes etc from the command line or a basic apk phone manegemnet programme like apk installer will do it as well
not usefully . you need different software to run on your android device to what you run on your windows desktop because they use completely different formats for programs . an android program is a different sort of beast to a windows program . a virus-scanner for windows understands the format of windows programs , and has a list of known viruses for windows . if it looked at an android program , it would not understand what behaviour it would do , and it would not find it in its list of windows viruses . the best you could do with a windows virus-scanner is to scan the sd card of your android device to see if it contains any windows programs which would , if run on your windows computer , be viruses . that is to say , it is exactly like virus-scanning a usb stick . it is only useful if you use your android device as a usb stick , to transfer programs from one windows computer to another .
forgive me my sarcasm , but if you are looking for a virus on android , you could also use a flatbed scanner : ) honestly : no , you can not use your windows av program for that . if you really want to detect all malware possible sitting on your device , the app would need to access the entire device , including internal storage . windows can not do that , as android would not let it . usually , only the sdcard ( s ) are exposed to an attached pc . as for my initial sarcasm ( which i hope you forgive me ) : the term " virus " is quite ambiguous . see this wikipedia article : a computer virus is a computer program that can replicate itself and spread from one computer to another . there is nothing like that for android . which is , strictly speaking , an av scanner is as effective as a flatbed scanner here ( or vice-versa ) . the article continues : the term " virus " is also commonly , but erroneously , used to refer to other types of malware , including but not limited to adware and spyware programs that do not have a reproductive ability . so you are more likely looking for malware : ) still , you cannot do that from your windows computer .
well , that turned out to be so easy that i did not found any documentation about that . what you have to do is to long press the keyboard keys just as you do in a soft keyboard , it will show a popup with diacritics you can use for that letter ( in the image you can see what happens when you long press letter " u" ) . then click on the button corresponding to the character you want to use or the close button to exit . ( this image contains icons from farm fresh icons by fatcow web hosting ) note that not all letters have this behavior , in which case at long pressing they repeat as normally do elsewhere .
stability battery life you should be able to get an idea from reviews/comments/etc . about how well each rom performs in those areas . for an ereader that is really all you need .
if you can not access developers options , do this first : go to settings -> about phone -> click “build number” six times in a row . now turn on usb debugging and give root permission to adb . now adb is working i followed the following tutorial : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1236732 and i think i put my edited file on my pc back on the phone . the problem now is that it keeps stuck at htc screen logo . seems there is no other option left then to restore an older version . . . edit : guess it was better to use the original build . prop file from the cyanogenmod . zip instead of editing it . now i have the same problem of adb not finding my device , however this time without a booting system . edit 2: through twrp i restored an old backup , but i selected only to restore system and boot , so i still got most of my data : ) lesson to be learned : before you do some changes to a system , no matter how trivial , backup everything first .
if the sim card does not work out of the box in your tpt , it is very likely that your us tablet is not compatible with the mobile communication standards used in india . what happens if you put the sim in the tpt ? mobile data usb sticks can not be used with the tpt , afaik .
you may need to manually specify the network and/or apns in Settings-&gt;Wireless and network-&gt;Mobile networks-&gt;Access Point Names - vodafone 's tech support for vodafone should be able to provide these for you . i have to do this when i use my wind mobile sim card in canada on my phone .
since the anwer seems to be : " no there is not " , my workaround was to use an rss-reader widget , and the following rss url : search.twitter.com/search.rss?q=keyword . i think its strange i have to go through such hoops , since twitter provides a html-widget for exactly this purpose . i was expecting at least one android app to mimic this functionality .
there do not seem to be any widgets that let you monitor twitter for certain keywords , but here 's a workaround that might do the trick . try an application like meta widget . it can turn any webpage to a widget .
maybe u can try this ( tweetcaster for twitter ) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.handmark.tweetcasterfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs5oyw5kbwfyay50d2vldgnhc3rlcijd
i do not think you can do something like that in a widget . however i allways wanted to test this app falcon pro ( for twitter ) , but i do not think you can have a widget , but you can make a search and save it for latter and do not have to retype every time . janetter for twitter has this option of saving searches and notifies you about them , but it does not have a widget . . .
samsung kies sucks horribly . the only way i have gotten it to work is to run it in Compatible with Windows XP (Service Pack 3) and running it as a administrator . it should work fine then .
i actualy got it by doing the update from a windows 7 computer . kies seems to have difficulties with windows 8 .
on my galaxy s iii at least , you can only change settings for call vibration . however , i believe if you use a 3rd party sms program ( eg : handcent sms , or any other ( mostly free ) apps on the market ) , then you are usually able to set custom vibration themes .
you can try to use rfid labels for this action , but it is requires modding of case and software , what make some activities using nfc .
according to the android dev guide , files written to the internal storage such as the angry birds data cannot be accessed by other applications by default . i am guessing that rovio used mode_world_readable instead of the default , however . maybe this was a mistake or maybe they plan on having future apps being able to read your progress and unlock sometihng , or whatever . of course , this does not bar the possibility that an android exploit is being used to bypass the file privacy , but who really knows besides the author of the backup app ?
matt , contacts groupu is a free app that let 's you create groups and sync w/ gmail groups . i stopped using it months ago because it turned out seperating my contacts was not that impoertant to me afterall . i do recall that it was a little quirky at first which caused some duplicate groups . play around with it and figure out the difference between groupu groups and synced groups before you spend time getting things organized .
sunpech is correct about that . however , it does not quite work in the way you are envisioning it . your groups in your google contacts do not sort your contacts in your phone , instead you are simply able to specify to android which of those groups you want synced . when you are in your contact list ( in android ) you can hit menu and go to " display options " and choose your preferences there . the actual appearance of the " display options " screen will vary depending on your version of android , but ultimately , you will be able to choose which groups to include in your contacts , and even specify to only display those with phone numbers . i hope this clears things up for you .
i do not know of any way to do that on the android device directly . but you can create groups within your contacts in gmail , and it will sync down to your device .
looks like its device related issue than android os issue . if its a firmware related issue , vendor may be able to offer you a patch . meanwhile if you see an option to switch between number mode and abc mode on your keypad , you can try that . . refer page 29 of device manual .
here you could see a video that shows this issue : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3mv7m-kzhm update from comments : question solved . i have already update my galaxy s to 2.2.1 and it allow put numbers and letters in bluetooth pin ! ! !
the kobo box is a cheap ( price ) tablet and it does have some issues . you better google and read about them before buying one . that being said it can be made to run the google android market . note that you will need adb or root'ing your device to do so . you will also need to repeat those steps every time an update is available for the tablet ( since it will rewrite the partition were you are making the changes ) . still interested ? ; - ) if so then the best instructions for rooting and installing the market are available on mobileread.com. have fun !
well , only if your rooted . you would manually have to install the g-apps recovery update zip . if you tell me your country and phone type , i can provide a link , or you can see all available versions here : gapps downloads
a condensed changelog containing only " notable new features " can be accessed from within cyanogenmod via the settings menu -> about phone -> view changelog .
did you check with the official changelog site ? or the xda thread on 9.1 ? the latter mentions http://cm-kang.appspot.com/anzu/ics for the changelog . and then there is this page where you even can filter changes by devices ( probably the best source to check ) . if you need more details : all that from page 1 of a simple google search for cyanogenmod changelog "9.1" ( &lt ; - hint ! ; ) ) to the first ( and explicit ) question : if there were any new features ? that probably very much depends on your device . so using the last changelog source i mentioned , filtering by the device you want to know this about , you will be able to answer your question . as i do not know your device , i can not ; )
edit : op has rephrased his question a good start is also the cyanogenmod blog for cm9.1 it is : a new nfc payment system , simplytapp has been added : let’s try something new : cm9.1 and simplytapp : welcome to tapp !  a near field communication ( nfc ) payment platform for the cyanogenmod community and powered by simplytapp . founded by two cm enthusiasts , doug and ted , simplytapp provides a method for evolving , securing and expanding  nfc payments . see cyanogenmod 's blog post for more info .
it is not the battery retaining state , it is the phone circuitry retaining state . even when you use a " power off " command and your phone looks powered off some of the circuits will still be connected to the battery so that the phone can be turned on by just pressing the button . so there will be some circuitry powered on even after the phone was " powered off " . this is likely a bug in the circuitry . this actually happens to devices - you sometimes need to " power cycle " them by unplugging them from the power source and then plugging them back . in case of a mobile phone that requires removing and then installing the battery .
as far as i know , doing a factory restore on the device should eliminate anything left over the device . usually the process goes : revert back to your earliest nandroid backup ( that you should have taken right after you rooted ) . if you do not have it , then flash a stock rom . run the unroot reversal process ( in this case you ran an official update ) remove any left over root applications ( superuser app , etc . ) . if necessary , wipe the device by restoring to factory settings . if i am missing anything , leave a comment and i will update this .
easy solution for anybody with a card-reader in their pc . ( relaid from : forum.xda-developers.com/ ) place the card in your pc 's card reader and determine the drive designation ( i.e. . , g:\ , h:\ , etc . ) download the fat32format utility in gui version from here : http://www.ridgecrop.demon.co.uk/guiformat.exe . click on the picture to retrieve the file . launch the guiformat . exe . choose the drive that corresponds to your sd card . choose the size of the sd card you are formatting . check the quick format box . press start . source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1773735
thanks for answers ! it turned out to be a hardware issue . i returned the phone and they repaired it , after which other formatting fixes mentioned above worked ( i can not remember which one at the moment ) .
firstly you are saying there is no option to format the memory card in fat32 on windows 7 . which version of windows 7 are you using ? ? ? i have windows 7 home premium and ultimate both have the fat32 as default , infact they have four options to format i.e. ntfs , fat , fat32 ( default ) , and exfat . and secondly yes you will need to format that memory card in fat32 format for it to work .
the s3 mini only supports up to 32gb microsd cards . link and for reference , no , windows does not support fat32 formatting above 32gb .
we all wait for the android version of jitsi which is probably out by next year . it is announced for some time though .
no there is no federated xmpp client for android that supports video calling . federated because there many proprietary xmpp clients that do so , but they work only within their own network . the reason because there is no such xmpp client is pretty simple : jingle ( the xep which is used for xmpp video calling ) , is pretty new and most xmpp libraries do not support it yet . this is espically true for the most relevant xmpp library smack ( relevant because it is a java library ) . smack has some jingle components , but the development on them stopped years ago and they do not seem up to date . but there is hope : for example the beem project started to work on an jingle xmpp branch of their xmpp android client . update : jitsi has not released it yet , but it is already available in alpha and has video calls .
their could be a number of possible problems such as the format of the video ; either the phones hardware or cyanogenmod 10 may not support the format in which the video is in . i believe the video format is most likely the case because as you describe : the exact same video on my ipad will load usually instantly on the exact same connection . and i usually play videos through the default app , ' gallery ' i think it is , but i have tried other players too ( ie mx player and hubi ) and get the same problem . so check the video format of the videos in which you view . in this link , they describe the possible video formats that the galaxy s3 can play . if the video is not in the correct format , i suggest trying to convert the video files localy on your pc . also another solution may be to re-image the phone to possibly earlier version of cyanogenmod could possibly work . hope this helps .
your assumption that the process which writes the restored files to the storage device runs with " quite high permissions " is wrong . backup service calls backup agents ( implemented by applications themselves ) to backup and restore data . so each app backs up and restores its own backup data .
no , the battery does not care how it got charged in terms of a given charge . it just takes longer when using your pc because it is getting less current from the pc than the ac charger . here 's a post on android forums which suggests that the current coming from the pc is significantly less than the ac charger . the forum posts list 100ma or 500ma for the pc 's usb port vs . 1000ma from the ac charger ; these numbers could be off but the point is correct . i also found this regarding the same phenomenon with the iphone 4 . so using the ac charger is just a matter of whether you want the phone to charge quicker or not .
on my galaxy s4 downloaded music goes to /storage/sdcard0/music and streamed music goes to /storage/sdcard0/amazonmp3/temp/ . streamcache
i ultimately found the m4a files in /mnt/extsdcard/android/data/com . amazon . mp3/files/music the trick , however , is that they are hidden files . they do not appear when viewing the folder with either the native file manager or rootexplorer ( even when " show hidden files " is checked ) . they are found only by using rootexplorer to search the device for " m4a " files . at least now i know they are on the sd card anyway .
change your passwords before you hand it in . then go into settings/applications etc and stop all the apps , clear data/cache etc . remove the sd card .
make a full backup , wipe everything , remove memory cards if present , send for repairs , restore backup after you receive . this is neither difficult nor time-consuming if you use something like nandroid backup . http://www.addictivetips.com/mobile/how-to-perform-and-restore-a-nandroid-backup/
to my knowledge , in fastboot mode you cannot mount the device to your pc . mtp and fastboot are two different things . according to the cyanogenmod wiki on fastboot , the solution might be simple : if you see at any point when executing fastboot command , the pc is not configured to use fastboot properly . most typically , this is because you are not running fastboot with elevated privileges . which means : you must run fastboot as root user , e.g. sudo fastboot devices or sudo fastboot-linux oem unlock . if that does not solve your issue , it might help to take a look at the steps necessary to use the adb command line utility : for adb to detect your device , you need to have setup a corresponding entry in your /etc/udev/rules.d . first run lsusb to check how the device identifies itself to the system . these data you can also take from your above quoted log : idVendor=18d1, idProduct=4e20 is the information we need . now , the corresponding entry in /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules should look like : SUBSYSTEMS=="usb", ATTRS{idVendor}=="18d1", ATTRS{idProduct}=="4e20", MODE="0666" GROUP="androiddev", SYMLINK+="android%n"  save the file , and reload the udev service ( service udev reload ) . re-connect your device . now adb ( or , in your case , fastboot ) should be able to find it . you can check that using the command adb devices ( or fastboot devices ) , which now should list your nexus s .
i guess your device drivers was not successfully installed in your pc here is couple of things you can do , : uninstall kies go to device manager of your pc and remove/uninstall anything related to samsung reboot your device ( optional ) then download kies to your computer and while installing dont connect your s4 with pc . after installation connect your device and let it install device driver sucessfully . hope this will help you , for more information see this s4 connect issue link 2
izzy 's comments lead me to correct path , so i have managed to root the device . if somebody else having the same problem ( auto-root programs do not work but you can access device using adb root ) , here is complete how-to to root your phone manually : install Superuser from clockworkmod on google play directly to your phone prepare adb as root and make /system writeable : adb kill-server , adb root , adb remount ( you might need to kill adb.exe in task manager if it hangs ) pull the just downloaded apk to your computer : adb pull /data/app/com.koushikdutta.superuser-1.apk ( note : it may have different name in the future ) on your pc : open the apk using zip ( for example rename extension to .zip or use winrar ) copy from zip system\bin\su to your working directory push it to your phone : adb push su /system/xbin/su be sure that owner is root : adb shell chown root:root /system/xbin/su set suid and sgid bits on the binary : adb shell chmod 06755 /system/xbin/su reboot phone : adb reboot try su from adb : adb shell , su ; prompt should change from $ to # try su from phone : install terminal and use command su or use Root Checker Basic from the store if su from adb works but does not work from phone , repeat whole process from 1 but download different Superuser application from market ( for example chainsdd 's version did not work for me )
i found this app " onavo " . i did not try it but maybe you want to ; ) i read that you can set the limit in the data usage settings . but i do not find the settings , maybe because i use stock rom . hope this answer could help you .
on a rom supporting this , setting the cpu governor to " performance " will help a lot . this is not a practical solution though as this means that the cpu will always run at its maximum frequency which wastes a lot of energy .
widget locker has an option to reduce that time lag . might work for you . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.teslacoilsw.widgetlockerfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs50zxnsywnvawxzdy53awrnzxrsb2nrzxiixq . .
you could try using file manager ( rhythm software ) to find and delete it .
thanks everyone especially you geffcheng ! i finally found a way to delete the file . i thought that it might work if i downloaded the same file on my pc , and then transfered it to the same folder ( downloads ) on the internal storage on my phone . i thought that my pc would ask if i wanted to overwrite the existing folder , but my pc did not and i had 2 exactly the same folders in my download folder . then i turned on the sdmaid app on my phone ( while it was still plugged in my pc ) , and i deleated the whole download folder . it actually worked ! ! so thanks again to everyone who helped ! p.s. i am sorry if you could't understand everything . i am dutch ; )
you could try sd maid , and see if it can find the file . it has a feature that lets you search for the biggest files . if that file was cached somewhere before it was put into the correct folder , chances are sd maid might be able to find it . i can not remember though if you need the pro version to use the feature , but do check it out .
i have written a small android app that can be used to set the process limit by using java reflection to access the internal api . on android 4.0 you do not even need to install it as a system app . this is required for android 4.2 or so onward . https://github.com/flode/setandroidprocesslimit thank you @t0mm13b for the internal api reference ; )
do not think its meant for persisting . . . see dianne hackborn 's comment also had a mosey around the ics source code found in packages/apps/Settings/src/com/android/settings/DevelopmentSettings.java source code to the related screen , found on android 's github . by looking for the variable that is associated with settings > developer options > background process limit ( see line number 103 ) and ( see line number 215 ) called mAppProcessLimit . with that in mind , keep looking further down in the source , the routine that is responsible for saving the settings for this particular screen called onPreferenceTreeClick . that is , in programming parlance , called a " listener " that is monitoring the changes made on that screen and writes it out immediately to the backing store by android . ( see between line numbers 790 and 858 ) unfortunately , the " listener " , in this case , does not have a reference to the persisting/saving of the value for that variable mAppProcessLimit ; which is what the op is experiencing , set it for the duration of when the handset is alive , then upon reboot , it gets lost . in short , you cannot do anything about this as that is built straight from the oven , and bundled onto your handset , but with that in mind , you can roll-your-own-custom rom variant of ics with a modified version of the source to do that .
it is never a good idea to flash a rom that is not for a specific device onto a device . with that being said , there are multiple reasons ( i.e. . different memory locations for the sim circuit , different microcontroller , etc ) that could be causing your issue . my advise is to reflash the stock rom and see if that fixes your problem . if so then please do not flash a rom that is not for your device . it is to the point now ( say with the htc one m7 ) that you will not receive signal if you flash a rom of a different carrier even .
if you have a rooted phone and a updated version of cm , i believe that in settings-> apps-> ( on sd card ) you will find a list with check boxes . but if you do not have cm , well , i recommend the follow app : appmgr iii ( app 2 sd ) .
to move my apps and games to my sd card i use the app " appmgriii " that can be found on the play store . i have had no issues so far . hope this helps !
it is possible to use android handsets as a sip phone . there is not even a requirement for a call/data plan , you do not need a sim inserted for it to work . search for sip on google play and you will find some : csipsimple sipdroid to clarify : you most probably mixed something up , a sip ata is an analog telephone adapter , a device that speaks sip on the one an pots on the other side and converts an old telephone into a sip phone . android phones will not do that , they are a handset on their own and have no pots interface . bluetooth will also not help you to connect to asterisk . asterisk is a sip server and does not allow android handsets to pair via bluetooth for calls ( that is solely for using bluetooth enabled phones as fx0/fxs channels for faxing/making calls ) .
there is a sip client built right into your phone ( gingerbread and above ) . you can find this either in general settings , or in settings for the phone dialer app . e.g. in jellybean : go to the phone dialer page ( as if you were going to make a call ) choose the menu ( bottom right vertical " . . . " ) tap settings scroll down to " accounts " and tap it . enter your sip account info . simple as that ! depending on what sip service you are connecting to , you may find yourself in the world of codecs . the built-in dialer will try to use the following codecs : gsm-efr amr gsm g711u g711a if you are using regular an asterisk-based sip server , then it will mostly likely end up using g711 ( aka ulaw ) . i am still experimenting , but so far i have had more luck with gsm and was able to tweak my asterisk server to use that instead . if you are using a 3rd party service , then chances are they have enabled gsm already . that said , i did use csipsimple to get as far as i did . it allows easy selection of which codecs will be used when ( wifi vs 3/4g ) , so it made debugging much simpler . ( btw , their store version is quite old at the time i am writing this . you can also download daily builds and try those . )
you could download the actual facebook for android app from the marketplace . this would mean that you use the actual facebook app rather than facebook for htc sense . not sure if there is any difference between the two , but i know i have both installed on my desire and use the actual facebook for android app .
sorry mate this is not possible since ios and android are different operation systems applications from android cant work on ios you need to download the games in ipad again . you can transfer music , docs and movies by transfer them to your computer then using itunes and transfer then to your ipad .
if injustice on ipad does not have a menu item to do this , and it does not sync game saves via the internet ( very few games do this in a cross-platform way ) , then you can not do it . it is possible to extract the save games from injustice on android if your phone is rooted , but ios does not have this feature , so there would be no way to put the save file into your ipad .
i would suggest trying k-9 mail , like mr . buster already said . it is imap support is better than the stock app 's . for me , it receives my emails almost faster than thunderbird on my desktop due to push support .
i would get back in touch with your email provider 's tech support . we know that your phone and network are working correctly ( your other accounts work fine ) and that your phone 's apps are working correctly ( you found no difference with k9 ) . that means it is the imap connection you are trying to make with this particular server . do they have any backup servers you can try to connect to ? if you create a new account with them , for testing purposes , does it do the same thing ? some providers prefer connections to use pop3 versus imap - using pop3 connection , do your symptoms change ? your provider should be able and willing to help with all of these questions . if not , politely ask to be escalated to a lead .
i think i have finally solved this one by using some of the folder settings in k9 . in settings --> account settings --> fetching mail , i set Poll Folders and Push Folders to " only first class folders " , and this seems to have done the job . to be honest , i am not sure what these settings mean exactly , but i will live with that .
check that you have correct date time settings both in the phone and in the server , perhaps you have set wrong timezone or set an incorrect am/pm , and this somehow confuses the mail client about which messages to get .
that icon means the text is not sent . just click on that text and it will push the typed text into compose box , you just have to press send .
sounds like a stolen phone ( theft of mislaid property ) . report it to the police . in the us , if you have the esn/meid they can compel the carrier to give them all the info about who is using the phone . i am not sure how these things work in other countries .
sorry to see you losing your phone . have you seen the question " can i remotely launch an app on my android phone ? " in which @jlehenbauer has answered mentioning an app called androidlost . you can try this if you are sure you have your lost phone still uses your google account .
simply press the enter/return button in your key board . it is located at the right botton corner of your keyboard . in some cases , this button sends the sms ( or submit applications , in cases of forms in websites ) if your device does that , simply hit enter/return button while holding the shift button or the upside arrow hope this helps .
you could try preset camera i found this on google play and it claims : summary ( i have left in the spelling and punctuation mistakes as they appear on the play store ) : you can preset the settings about picture . frames , filters , the name of the folders , the name of files . after you preset the settings , pictures you take will be reflected to the setting . this application is very convenience when you take a picture in continuous , or take a picture of fixed location or object . you have no stress to edit the pictures because your settings reflect to all the pictures you take automatically . as i can not tell if you want to do this programatically ( which is outside the remit of this site ) , here is the answer to it in code : stack overflow android - taking photos and saving them with a custom name to a custom destination via intent
yes . the app that starts the intent ( i.e. . the app with the " take photo " button ) is responsible for choosing a file name and creating the file . it then puts that file 's uri ( its path ) in the intent . the camera app then opens that file , writes the photo to it , and gives a result back to the first app . the upshot of this is that it is up to the calling app ( the one with the " take photo " button ) to give you a way to set the file name , if they want to do that . the file name will take effect whatever camera app you use . the intent protocol does not provide a way for the calling app to ask for more than one photo , so there is no way for an app to offer this feature without launching the camera app several times in succession . if you are interested in the details , the official android developer documentation describes it , with code examples .
i have a galaxy s4 with 4.4.2 . i realize that touchwiz is a bit different between the two devices but maybe this will help . i can not tell you for sure what contributes to the ranking on the list but it seems to me that it is based on number of calls primarily . there is no one in my favorites list that i have not made a call to and i have many contacts not on the favorites list that i only sms , email , etc , with . as far as removing a contact , i can hit the menu button and have an option " remove from favorites " which brings up a checkbox list allowing me to delete .
you will have to just google it and find a copy elsewhere on the internet . if it is unpublished from the play store , you can not install it from there anymore .
is the Coursera HTML5 player an app installed onto the device ? if so , have you tried disabling it in the app settings menu ? from ics , system apps could be disabled .
i just download the videos upfront and watch them with mx player .
there are a number of unofficial applications in the market ( google play , amazon ) . i have also developed my own application : coursera on the go . a free version is here ! coursera on the go free
own contact avatar to have your own contact avatar appearing , this varies a bit , due to the device being used or the app being used . what is recommend and should work on any case is that you need to identify yourself to your phone : tap your device " menu " button ; tap " settings" ; scroll your way to " about phone " and tap it ; tap " status": where it reads " my phone number " , you should read your own and up-to-date phone number there , otherwise the phone does not know who you are and cannot use any avatar . a solution to allow you to apply your up-to-date phone number at the mentioned menu , or a solution to have your contact being retrieved from google with an avatar , has already been mentioned here concerning the avatar for the sms conversation , but equally applies to your situation : how to show own photo in sms conversation ? , specially the answer from protron . contacts avatar usually the contact photo is the user 's avatar , if the contact has a google account . to apply a photo or change the existing one , you have to : open the " contacts " app ; scroll your way to the desired contact and long tap it ; tap over " edit contact " from the popup menu ; tap over the existent picture or over the picture square that if empty shows a + sign ; select either " take photo " or " select photo from gallery " to apply the new photo ; after selected , tap " done " to actually save the changes . by now your contact should have the new photo applied to it . official android support page for contacts management : android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) - editing contact details
without any additional tools , this should be possible via adb shell or a terminal app , using the netstat command : netstat --tcp --listening -p should list up all listening ports along with the app behind it . but it might very well be ( as in your case , obviously ) that the -p parameter requires root ; and without it , the output will not show the app holding the port open . however , netstat plus might offer what you need : netstat plus and connection list ( source : google play ; click for larger image ) i did not try this app myself , but the screenshots suggest it does exactly what you need : listing apps with the used ports and status along . no word that it requires root . it further seems to work at least from gingerbread ( 2.3.6 is explicitly mentioned ) onwards to at least jelly bean 4.3 ( also explicitly mentioned ) . an alternative would be connection list ( second screenshot ) .
not easily- no . the notification shade is part of the systemui apk which will need to be de-compiled and reverse engineered to do so . i know of no custom rom or mod at this time which will allow for this behaviour ; although posting this request on the relevant sub-forum for your device on xda-dev might turn up a lead .
look for a folder named sdcard using a file explorer app .
you can download es file explorer . it is a free file explorer for android . download from google play it is quite easy to use and does not require root access .
yes , it has hspa+ which is what t-mobile 's "4g " actually stands for . this article on androidauthority should help you understanding why it does not have lte .
it appears the nexus 4 does have an lte chip , but its not enabled . here 's a post to get it working : http://techcrunch.com/2012/11/23/how-to-enable-4g-lte-on-the-google-nexus-4/ i have seen a fair amount of youtube videos of people enabling it and testing it .
use the broadcast function , see : http://www.whatsapp.com/faq/en/android/23130793 open whatsapp press the [ menu button ] tap [ new broadcast ] type your contacts ' names or press the [ + ] button to choose from your contact list tap [ next ] type your message and optionally attach media tap the send button
i do not think this is possible since it is a limitation from the app itself . . the best you can do is to put a status message so everyone can see , but you will not know for sure . or you message them in groups of 25 .
it is not " officially " supported , but if you take a look at xda forum you will surely find some unofficial builds . here 's a link to one
i found that you should be able to do a factory reset by holding the power and home when powering on . there you should have the option to do a factory reset .
what i finally ended up doing was upgrading the firmware . i tried the home/power method , but it just was not working for me . . . upgrading the firmware instructions are found on their site . it was not too hard to do , except for the fact that they do not seem to have signed drivers , which forced me to use a non-64 bit system to do the upgrade .
quick marketplace search for wifi notify resulted in the following : wifinotify
there is unfortunately no way to directly edit the dictionary . you can delete any user-added word by highlighting it and hitting the swype key .
you can change your " user agent " to Android or iPhone , this would speed up browsing on the laptop . ( there are several addons for every browser out there which can do this ) but would only display the mobile sites , which are designed for use with a mobile device ( e . g a smartphone )
there are multiple things involved with your question . i know this topic is hard to put in exact words , especially for someone new to android -- so it gets a little unclear what the real issue is . i will try to cover all i think is related , but will redirect to other questions here for details . first : how ram is used . there is no such thing like " useful free ram " . as soon as there is " free ram " available , it will be put to use : buffering and caching are the most interesting features in this context , as they speed up the system . as soon as an app requires additional ram , and there is no free ram available , the required amount is dropped from caches and buffers , so this is entirely dynamic and should have no negative effects . more details : why is my samsung galaxy s not utilizing all of its ram ? why is my device not utilizing all of its available ram ? does android hide some amount of ram from the user ? are there guidelines on how much free ram a phone should have - specifically samsung galaxy s ? android rom , ram , internal storage , external storage and battery utilization there are a lot more questions here dealing with this topic . to find them all , just follow the ram tag you already used for your question . second : your device slowing down . this might have many different reasons : some app might be hogging ressources is the most likely reason if the problem is not there right after a reboot ( but starts only a few hours/days later ) . if the problem persists after a reboot , reasons might be different ( or the " hogging app " got auto-started ) . your caches ( on internal storage ) could be messed up , for example . if you installed/uninstalled a lot of apps for testing , it could as well be the dalvik-cache ( pre-compiled code of your apps ) . good starting point to investigate this issue : my device is getting slow , apps start misbehaving/crashing . what can i do ? see also the " linked " and " related " section of that question , which will provide you additional ressources .
you can try go sms pro and arabic for go keyboard .
try this : - settings > language and input > keyboards and input methods tab samsung keyboard settings , then select input languages , you will get a list of downloaded and available ( to download ) languages .
Last time seen on whatsapp means that the person has contacted someone on their contact list , basically sending a text to someone else .
a single green tick mark indicates the whatsapp servers have got your message . a double green tick mark indicates that the recipient 's device has got your message . however , it does not automatically mean that the user has read or seen the message . the last seen online may merely indicate that the user may have been talking to someone on the contact list or been in the whatsapp application for any reason like adjusting settings etc . no guarantee that the user has read your message . taken from http://www.whatsapp.com/faq/en/general/20951546
my doubt is ¿"last seen " indicates that the user has actively opened the applicaction or that the application have been running on background connecting to whatsapp servers ? the whatsapp faq now says : " last seen at . . . " refers to the time the contact left whatsapp but googling i found an old whatsapp faq answer for the same question , maybe referred to the old versions : " last seen " simply indicates the state of the device network connection and not if the application is actively in use . for example , on some operating system such as blackberry and android , the phone will connect on it is own if it has a new incoming message even if the phone is not in active use at the moment i have seen " improvements to " last seen " and " typing . . . " correctness / timeliness " in the 2.7.4705 version ( 2012-mar-05 ) changelog i will test it whatsapp uses push notifications ( the server notifies the device ) so seems not neccessary connecting periodically to the server looking for new messages ( pull ) . another question is if once a notification is received the app connects to the server for new messages downloading . in any case , the question is if whatsapp takes into account the connections with the app in background for the " last seen " indicator .
this appears to be baked in to the stock rom you are using . there are widgets , like silentwidget which will let you toggle the silent mode without using the power button method , although this requires you to go to the launcher to do this - to get around this , have a look at a multitasking app like powerstrip which will allow you to launch apps , see widgets and more from anywhere on your device without having to go back to the launcher .
i did resolve this issue eventually . i use app protector pro on the main account of the device , but it is not installed in the second user . somehow having this enabled on the primary account disrupts the screen ordering on the second and subsequent users . it occurred to me that this might be the case , and testing has proved it so . you need to disable app protector pro to resolve .
try with shell using a keyboard pm install [path_to_apk] 
yes , if the phone is connected to the internet , you can install apps from the google play web interface ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps ) without touching the phone . starting the app is a different matter , though : you may need to find an app that is specifically designed for this situation , so it can be triggered without needing to open it from the launcher , or use a usb gamepad ( or a bluetooth one , if it is already paired ) to control the launcher without using the touchscreen .
check if you can connect a mouse ( or keyboard ) through usb otg port ( and microusb-to-usb converter cable ) . . . i am not sure whether your device supports otg or not . . . just give a try . . .
yes you can using tools like flashtools for sony
possible with command but there are conditions , you have usb debugging enabled you need to configure adb if you have this two things configured then you can type following command to boot your phone into recovery mode adb reboot recovery  or adb shell reboot recovery 
there is an app called " twin me ! " in the google play . it does exactly what the samsung galaxy s " add me " feature does .
even if not exactly the same thing , hearing your description makes me instantly think about cinemagram , an iphone app that should be ported to android really soon . in a nutshell , the application grabs a little video of the chosen subject and then gives the possibility to " animate " a portion of a selected frame . the effect can be both amazing or chilling , depending on the subject and the skill of the operator . here are a few more successfull shots , both wonderful ( rain , flag ) or , more likely , gruesome ( eye , snake , mom , a bong aint wrong ( lol ) ) . this is surely a nice app to have on the phone , and if you are a harry potter enthusiast you could also try to make a newspaper out of it : )
prior to android 4.0 ( aka ice cream sandwich ) it is called " droid " , and comes in serif ( regular , bold , italic , bold italic ) , sans ( regular , bold ) , and sans mono variants . a new font family " roboto " was released with 4.0 . wikipedia article on droid ( font ) google+ post on roboto
the obvious : try portrait mode use a hardware keyboard get a device with a bigger screen ( ouch -- yeah , i stop this ; ) the not-so-obvious : try an alternate keyboard , which consumes less space or offers transparency : a.i. type keyboard : according to the screenshots , it offers transparency floatnsplit tablet keyboard : the name suggests already it is for tablets only -- but allows to split the keyboard and move it around transparentkeyboard froyo : again , as the name suggests , another transparent keyboard there might be more solutions ( and certainly more alternative keyboards ) available , so this list is far from being complete . . .
i managed to make it sound by writing to /dev/msm_pcm_out : mplayer something.mp3 -ao pcm:file=/dev/msm_pcm_out  sound is choppy and it looks hacky in general . video output is something like -vo fbdev:/dev/graphics/fb0 .
assuming the file is located on your computer , but you want to restore it on your device : adb push /usr/local/backup/backup.bin /sdcard/backup.bin adb shell dd if=/sdcard/backup.bin of=/dev/block/mmcblk0p7  should to the trick . explanation : the first command copies the backup.bin file to your sdcard , and in the second line dd reads it from there and then writes it to the device specified . you might wish to combine this to a one-liner : adb push /usr/local/backup/backup.bin /sdcard/backup.bin &amp;&amp; adb shell dd if=/sdcard/backup.bin of=/dev/block/mmcblk0p7  this means : " copy the file to the device , and execute dd only when the copy process succeeded " . to answer the other part of your question ( what is wrong with your command ) : you cat the file to the local adb process on your computer , not to the remote dd process on your device . adb does not know how to " hand it over " . so why does it work the other way around ? because there you capture the output displayed on your local computer , which of course you can redirect locally .
this will work on a linux : adb shell dd if=/dev/block/mmcblk0p7|sed 's/\r$//' &gt; backup.bin  in macos it can be made to work as well , you just need to do it with perl : adb shell dd if=/dev/block/mmcblk0p7|perl -pe 's/\x0D\x0A/\x0A/g' &gt; backup.bin 
as @sameer has mentioned you will lose the wifi password and bluetooth name etc when you do clear data for settings . but using titanium backup pro you can restore them as it is .
i did it a few days ago for the same problem ( cyanogenmod m8 for i9100 ) : i did not lose anything ; it fixes the problem = )
i am guessing skype installs to the sd card by default , in which case you should check out this question : what does the ' failed to move application . not enough memory ' error means when choosing ' move to sd card '
since you already had cm10 installed , you should be having the zip file with you . if you do not have it , you can download it from the previous source and place it in your sd card . if you do not have and do not know the source from where you already downloaded , you can try the one from where i had downloaded ( courtesy ) . the reason i am trying to stick to your previous download is that these zip files are unofficial cm builds and are compiled from same source by many developers , each adding their own bells and whistles and most importantly bug fixes . hence you already know what is working and what is not with your previous rom which will avoid you any nasty last minute surprises . as far as the rom that i am using , apart from what is mentioned in the blog , google location service is not working . which means that news and weather app , google maps etc will not get your location without gps . after deciding which rom zip file to use , place the zip file in sd card and switch off the phone . please backup whatever you want as the following steps is going to erase all except the sd card contents . reboot your phone into recovery mode . to do this , press and hold home button , volume down button and while holding both down , power on the device . do not release the home and volume down button until you see the cyanogenmod recovery console . then simply follow the steps as said in the blog .
if using the shell is not a problem , you can compile iwlist command for arm , and transfer it to device . iwlist scan as root may give you better results .
install iw and then issue : iw dev wlan0 scan freq 2417  it synchronously scans only the frequency ( ies ) you specify . this can give your multiple results per second !
you do not necessarily have to use shell for this . try out inssider it provides rssi data , but i am not sure how realtime this data is . for me this app is used to verify the consistency of the ap 's ( enterprise network ) in a certain location and their typical radio switch zone .
no , as 4.0.3 is ice cream sandwich while 4.3 is jelly bean . what you saw was the version number of the application , not the needed version of android . i hope this helped !
here , you can see the versions : wikipedia about android 4.0 . x is older than 4.1 . x and so on . it is explained here
google uses miracast for its media streaming and most recent devices can use it . as for the receiver , recent tvs have miracast built in . if your tv does not have it , there are some adapters on amazon .
have you turned on visibility of bluetooth ? go to settings> bluetooth and turn on visibility by setting a visibility timeout ( 2 minutes or whatever is convenient for you )
this really sounds stupid , but when the time and date are wrong , most google apps will not work .
assumption 's : *you have a mobile data plan *working wifi connection do this : *go to app info page of play store . *clear data and then clear cache *then click on force stop now download latest play store . apk file from the below link http://www.androidpolice.com/2014/03/13/download-latest-google-play-store-4-6-16-with-new-require-password-option-tweaked-ui-forced-self-update-and-more/ after the download , install the play store from the file . done .
you may have a problem with data connectivity . you can check this ( see , for example , here ) ) by either looking the type of your data connectivity in settings -> about phone -> status -> mobile network type consulting the icon indicator on top . h+ and 3g should allow you to download apps . it you are not on a fast network it may be that the apn settings are not correct for your carrier or that your account is not defined correctly with your carrier . for apn settings you can consult your carrier , its web site or an app ( look for apn and your country name ) . for account definition you will need to consult your carrier . wifi maybe slower because 4.0 is heavy on the xperia sola because it only has 512mb ram . you can watch the ram load with an app such as android system info
you might try going through adb ( android debug bridge ) . it is quite possible the ui ( screen ) is not starting up , but the rest of it is running happy . [ not that i would ever have gotten into that spot myself by playing with setting i should not have touched :- ) ]
normally , apps that need to run constantly or in the background are considered to be unsuited to run from a storage card . this is also probably why most " system " apps are prohibited from doing so . consider , if the card was unmounted , those apps would remain unavailable until the card was re-mounted . as to why an app developer would not make his/her app storage-friendly is a question better answered by those in the know .
here is an excellent list of characteristics of apps which should not be installed on sd card , with reasons , from the android developer site . hope it helps .
i believe most of these routers mount your drive as a network samba share ( like windows file sharing ) , which android phones can access with apps , like esfilexplorer or andsmb . they can stream off it or download files to sd card .
opera recently released opera mobile 10.1 beta for android , which is a full featured browser that renders html content locally instead of on opera 's servers : opera 's phone browsers come in two flavors : mini and mobile . the mini version , which is primarily intended for feature phones , offloads much of its workload to opera 's remote rendering proxy . the mobile version bundles opera 's presto rendering engine and does all of the html parsing and page rendering on the device itself . opera launched a port of mini for android earlier this year , but the new mobile port is a welcome addition for users who want the full opera experience on their android smartphone . it is a large download and takes up to 20mb of storage , but provides a great browsing experience . i used it on my windows mobile based touch pro previously , and really liked opera link for synchronizing bookmarks between devices .
an alpha version of fennec ( essentially firefox mobile ) was released recently
there is also xscope browser it offers tabbed browsing , download ( youtube ) vids , multi-touch , easy page sharing .
some options : coco dolphin opera mini skyfire here 's a quick read on androidapps . org that gives overviews on some of the more popular browsers . and a longer one from pc world . i personally just use the stock android browser . i have used dolphin hd for a while , but at times it felt slow ( on my droid ) . the opera mini browser is supposed to be pretty quick at loading pages because it will transfer your requests through opera 's servers first so that they can compress the content and send it back to you . right now , i am waiting for the release of fennec , by mozilla , which will hopefully be amazing .
be sure and check your date . had problems with google play suddenly stopped working . after trying multiple suggestions , realized the date was reset back to 2008 . once reset , things started working again .
new bluetooth profiles android 4.4 support for two new bluetooth profiles to let apps support a broader range of low-power and media interactions . bluetooth hid over gatt ( hogp ) gives apps a low-latency link with low-power peripheral devices such as mice , joysticks , and keyboards . bluetooth map lets your apps exchange messages with a nearby device , for example an automotive terminal for handsfree use or another mobile device . as an extension to bluetooth avrcp 1.3 , users can now set absolute volume on the system from their bluetooth devices . platform support for hogp , map , and avrcp is built on the bluedroid bluetooth stack introduced by google and broadcom in android 4.2 . support is available right away on nexus devices and other android-compatible devices that offer compatible bluetooth capabilities . source : android kitkat
the full list of profiles is : advanced audio distribution profile ( a2dp ) headset profile ( hsp ) health device profile ( hdp ) health thermometer profile ( htp ) heart rate profile ( hrp ) human interface device profile ( hid , inputdevice ) message access profile ( map ) personal area networking profile ( pan ) audio/video remote control profile ( avrcp ) generic attribute ( gatt , hogp , btle ) : bluetooth 4.0 required generic attribute server ( gatt server , btle ) : bluetooth 4.0 required
you can use any browser that supports streaming . you type in the address bar or google search for youtube . tap on the link for youtube . then search for your video ( s ) . there maybe some buffering issues on low-end/legacy devices . you can change the quality of the stream ( ie . 240 , 480 , 720p ) . aside from that , make sure all background processes are shut down and you do not have any other running apps . as to which one works best , that would be an opinion and not correct forum for this . although i just use stock android browser .
i just found a modified version of the official youtube version 4 app , it has an option to let you choose the preferred quality official xda threab , credits goes to xda member osama ghareeb please note that this app is built on the fourth version of the official app and the latest version is 5 .
you can not . those quality settings only apply to the desktop version . mobile apps use a different set of videos , which are already optimized for mobile devices , and have two different quality settings , regular and hd .
enabling usb debugging essentially starts up the adb daemon on your device , which allows it to communicate with adb on another device to enable debugging commands . it is used when developing and debugging applications , and allows you ( primarily ) to : transfer data between a computer and your device ( both ways ) read log data easily from logcat debug applications , including breakpoints and heap monitoring install and uninstall applications access a stripped-down shell on the device , for command-line interaction . leaving it enabled all the time will have a negligible impact on battery , if any at all . some other things to consider about leaving it on ( or not ) : pro : if your device has a hardware problem that prevents you from accessing the screen , usb debugging could be helpful in recovering data ( especially on a rooted device ) . pro : you can install applications , reboot your device , and generally do some other convenient things without having to actually interact with your device physically , even with the screen locked/off . pro : on a rooted device it may be possible to regain entry if you have forgotten the screen lock password/pin/pattern ( also a potential con , see below ) . pro : you can take advantage of port forwarding over usb debugging to use tethering apps like pdanet ( i believe that is how it is implemented since it does require it ) . con : if your device is lost or stolen , an unscrupulous individual could attempt to steal data from the device regardless of whether or not you have got a screen lock . if you are rooted , they can get pretty much everything . con : i recall reading that some devices can have trouble with accessing the sd card as a mass storage device when usb debugging is enabled . i have personally never seen this issue , but i have seen people allege that it was a problem . see also : using hardware devices from the android sdk documentation which discusses debugging applications on physical devices ( rather than the emulator ) . there is also a documentation page regarding the android debug bridge ( adb ) which explains its purpose and its commands .
to make one of eldarerathis ' cons less critical : one could use tasker or locale together with the secure settings plugin to automatically toggle usb debugging on for safe locations ( based e.g. on cell towers , network/gps location , wifi networks connected or in reach ) , and toggle it off ( exit-task with tasker ) when leaving such . with a nfc tag and the locale nfc plugin it could also be switched it on/off on demand . all that even without touching the screen -- so it would work even if the screen is broken . and that " unscrupulous individual " then would have to be in your " safe location " or have your tag , and must know those circumstances -- which is much less risky . if your device does not belong to that small group having trouble mounting their storage with usb debugging turned on , this would leave almost no " con " then .
the biggest downside is not being able to mount it as a mass storage device when you plug it into the computer . with it turned on it will always assume you want to debug the device . you really only need it turned on if you are developing software for the phone or plan on using adb with your phone . the adb program is only available through the android sdk so its not something average users need . that being said i keep my turned on all the time , but that is only for connivence for doing android development because i do that more often that use it as a mass storage . you mileage may vary .
you do not have need to keep debugging always on . in some devices it affects the charging of battery . when debugging is kept on , the charging speed becomes very low . . . . it'll take more than 5 hours to full charge . . . . if you have such problem then keep off usb debugging , on it only when you need . . . . . .
quoting from the locale 's feedback forum regarding the backup/restore functionality : automatic backup/restore locale has automatic backup and restore using android 2.2 's cloud-based backup mechanism . there are no configuration options within locale--it just works ! to use this feature , simply make sure that backup/restore is enabled by going to the android settings -> privacy and verifying that the checkboxes for backup and restore are both checked . whenever locale is uninstalled and reinstalled , the device is factory reset , or you upgrade to a new device , the situations will be automatically restored as long as android is set up with the same google account . locale 's backup and restore is designed to work correctly across different devices with different hardware and software capabilities . for example , let 's say a backup was made on a device with wi-fi and restored to a device without wi-fi . locale will properly handle that transition . automatic backup and restore requires android 2.2 or later , as well as a handset supporting google 's backup manager . if there are no options for backup and restore under android settings -> privacy , then the device does not support backup and restore . since backups are tried to a google account , be sure to always use the same google account when setting up your android devices . manual backup/restore in addition , there is a beta manual backup/restore feature to create a manual backup to the sd card . this feature is disabled by default , and must be manually enabled . after backups are enabled , a new backup menu item will appear under the menu of the locale home screen . from that menu item , you can create a backup to the phone 's sd card . when locale is re-installed , it will automatically detect any existing backups and ask whether you had like to restore them . because manual backups are a beta feature , we are unable to offer any support . to enable manual backups , please follow these instructions : allow installing apps outside of the android market a . go to the android settings b . tap on applications c . tap on unknown sources install backup enabler a . open the web browser on your phone b . go to this address : www.twofortyfouram.com/backup.apk c . once the download completes , tap on the download d . follow the instructions to install perform backup a . open locale b . choose menu -> backup
the answer to my question turned out to be rather trivial ( at least for my rooted htc incredible ) . trivial to the point that i am embarrassed i asked the question in the first place ! to explore/manipulate my phone 's file system , all i had to do was connect it to my computer via usb , and choose " disk drive " as the connection type . then the storage on my phone shows up as two additional volumes : one for /sdcard and one for /emmc , which i can manipulate like any other volume . edit unfortunately , the approach as i have described it gives access only to those areas of the phone 's file system that a user can modify without root access . this approach is good enough for my purposes , but if you want free rein over your phone 's file system , and do not mind going over to the " dark side " to get these powers , see this xda forum thread .
as your device is rooted , you could try to install come sshd app : quicksshd explicitly mentions root support dropbear ssh server even requires it sshdroid mentions root as option so all 3 of them should be able to " export " the full file system via ssh . so on a mac ( and linux/unix/bsd as well ) you could directly connect from a terminal , or integrate the device 's file system using e.g. sshfs or fish , on windows you could use the famous winscp -- and probably many others .
the one you want is event-> phone ringing . the state-> phone call would not activate until you have answered the call . event profiles activate and deactivate rather quickly so you probably would not see it if you were trying to watch for the green active color . however , you mentioned that it did not even set a variable through a test task . were you using a global variable for that or a local variable ? try using the flash action to flash the caller 's name and see if that pops up . once you get that working and confirmed , you might need to do some more work on your announcement . i am guessing you are using the say action . you will need to uncheck respect audio focus in order for say to talk over the phone ringer since the ringer takes precedence . you will probably also want to turn the ringer off temporarily using the ringer volume action to allow the say action to finish and then turn the ringer back on .
according to this : http://www.modaco.com/topic/370148-mwc-2014-sony-xperia-tablet-z2-hands-on/ and on this video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjut4zawqqw#t=172 ( at 2:51 ) so lte versions are capable of making and recieving phone calls .
there are a couple of tablets from which i think you can answer phone calls . . . actually maybe just one that can answer but there is also one that notifies you as calls come in . the new samsung s series tablets are the ones that can take calls , even over wifi , i believe , because they allow you to project your phone screen into your tablet in real time and interact with it . the ads apparently show someone using a blue tooth headset and the tablet to talk on the phone ( although if the phone connects over blue tooth it would have to be close by ) . the other problem is that you have to have a samsung phone to do it ( stupid , i know ) and it might even have to be the s5 , limiting it even more . the tablet that notifies you when calls and texts come in is the lg g pad , which is nearly a year old but well designed and beautiful . it was originally over priced but the price has come down a lot . when i heard about that software mod , i looked high and low over the internet for the code to drop onto my nexus 7 to no avail . a little different from what you are asking but hope it can be helpful if the z2 does not work out .
yes , you can make phone calls from the the latest z2 tablet . .
you could use a vpn to " mask " all your traffic . this way your provider would still be able to count the amount of data transfered -- but he would no longer be able to see its contents . vpn requires a client ( which comes already integrated with recent android versions -- but additionally , there are a lot of apps available for this on the google playstore ) and a server . the latter you can establish on your own hardware ( software is available for most operating systems -- even some routers have this capability built-in ) . alternatively , there are providers available offering vpn as a service . the techrepublic has a quite detailed article on this topic : securely connect your android smartphone via vpn . it describes what can be done this way , and also includes the necessary steps to set up everything . so if this approach sounds good to you , follow the link for more details . other good sources can surely be found following the vpn tag here on ase .
change network . dns . disableipv6 to " true " in about:config .
your issue is not related to firefox but to your internet provider ( time warner cable ) . according to this site , it " hijacks " your browser 's default dns resolution failure behavior ( also known as "404 page" ) , redirecting you to road runner . following this site instructions , you just have to go to road runner 's preference page and disable the web address error redirect service option then save .
you can use the " google contact sync " , an built-in synchronization-mechanism and some of the basic-functionality of android . more here : http://www.google.com/sync/index.html
another option would be to export your contacts ( tap the menu button in the contacts app then look for export ) , transfer contacts . vcf to the other device , then import .
you can reset the default application settings in settings > apps > [ your app ] > " launch by default "
there are many options for custom roms , even for " older " phones such as the s3 . personally i would recommend paranoid android rom as it is very " googley " . i run it on my htc one x and it is very good . you can get started with that by looking on the xda community for that device . unfortunately , you will have to wipe your apps and data , but if you are rooted you can do a backup with something like titanium backup . you may be able to get away with just installing the apk for gear manager , there are many people that have reported that this works on other devices . yes , you will still have access to the play store if you flash the correct gapps for your device .
in my view , battery capacity i.e. the mah value is best the way to compare . the reason why i say this is that the battery drain includes so many factors that even a small software glitch can show a remarkable difference . hence the standby time is a combination of several factors which are not reliable for comparison , unless they are from from same manufacturer ( with a hope that there will not be variations in test situation ) . the guide from gsmarena explains this clearly as : manufacturers measure talk time in controlled conditions and the quoted numbers are rarely reached in real-life scenarios . these numbers are best used as reference when comparing phones from the same manufacturer because battery life measurement methodology will probably vary from manufacturer to manufacturer . with battery rating at least you know your how much capacity the battery has and how it gets used or wasted is simply a temporary situation ( i.e. . by changing rom , updates , platform upgrades etc ) .
unfortunately , google now only supports certain languages at this moment in time . you should change to a language that it supports ( such as british english ) , using a locale changer application .
these apps will not work with custom rom 's , as they are designed to be run with the samsung software , and require libraries etc from the samsung software .
this is overly long , and something is most likely wrong . i would say pull the battery , and then wipe the userdata . you may not need to wipe the userdata , but if the encryption has failed at some point then it will be necessary .
browse to google 's homepage . click on your profile image on top on the page . click on the logout button . do not click on sign in when it ask you to connect .
settings › privacy and security › remember passwords . unchecking this option seems to do the trick .
i am also using the app settings extension , and ' show when locked ' was enabled . d'oh . i do not think i did this , but might have done whilst experimenting with my new phone ! thanks @chahk1 for the helpful comment which gave me a hint on where to look . : )
i tried a lot of things . i think switching usb cables made a difference . after i switched and tried the vol down button holding while inserting the usb cable , the phone was recognized in emma but it was locked . but i was able to make flash mode work . so i retried pc companion , the update option which mentions resetting the phone/having trouble which opens a new menu . there i had to download the latest firmware first and then i had to do the vol down thing again after which it started installing the firmware on the phone . emma and pc companion are sony software .
does the phone fully boot or does it reboot almost immediately ? i have had similar experiences with phones ( from other vendors ) not being recognized until some time after they have booted ( mostly likely services need to start etc . etc . ) . i love ( not ) how this happens just at the time when you need to repair your phone ! have you tried removing sim cards , extra storage etc . sometimes if you can get the device to boot differently it will get far enough along to be " recognized " .
i would look into apps such as app2sd in the play store . i think they create a symlink in internal storage that is linked to the actual app data on the sdcard . i used this on my old phone . it worked pretty well .
there is a known issue on samsung devices . please see here : http://webcazine.com/7630/how-to-solve-unable-to-sign-or-encrypt-message-certificate-not-installed-error-on-galaxy-s4/
a brief post about speeding up a htc hero . are you with sprint by any chance ? this thread and this thread have at least one suggestion : have a look in menu > settings > about phone > system updates > htc software update . apparently there is a . 6 firmware patch . unfortunately , most of the posts are not reassuring . perhaps time to upgrade/change phones ?
allowing cpu frequency to be set directly by user level process is a security issue . it is a hardware functionality that could affect other processes running on the system . on an ideal system , no user level process should be able to affect the execution of another user 's processes , except through explicit interprocess communication ( e . g . pipes , signals , files , etc ) . examples of damages that could be done : battery life : a malicious or poorly written could set cpu at a constantly high level , draining more battery than is necessary , without attracting suspicion because it uses little cpu for itself . poor performance : a malicious or poorly written app could set the cpu frequency at constantly low level , resulting in poor performance . this could then be used to trick user into purchasing our downloading unnecessary optimizer apps , among others . conflicting cpu frequency set by multiple apps could lead to really unstable system performance and general havoc as they keep overriding each other . this reason alone could make the whole cpu frequency setting useless . the solution to this ? any single process should not be able to directly set cpu frequency . instead non root process should only be able to give hints , and the system could then pick the best frequency setting , taking into account the hints from all processes , system policy , and process accounting information . this is what cpufreq " governers " are . one of the job of operating system is to moderate access to shared resources . also , it should be noted that lowering cpu frequency does not always lead to better battery life , depending on the work load , lower frequency could also mean it takes longer time to finish the task , and this could easily negate the savings .
mucking about with cpu frequencies can lead to instabilities in your system and might also lead to hardware damage . such a critical function is best left out of the hands of normal users who do not really need to make such changes . since this most certainly a core ( important ) function , one needs root access .
1 ) because only the root user can change the system 's frequency/governor . it is a system level function call and only root can do that . 2 ) under clocking really is not the problem . . . it is over clocking . you can not really damage the device , but you could end up in an infinite boot loop and an average user may not know how to get out of that . 3 ) also : you usually want to replace the kernel when over/under clocking to get new frequencies and possibly under volting to save power ( but at the same time , you are going out of the parameters of the cpu and it may end up boot looping because no two cpus are made exactly alike when you are doing things outside their normal operating parameters ) .
if have to disagree with sparx , if you change the cpu frequency via the supported methods that every modern cpu provides , changing it , even in a fast sequence , does not affect stability . i would even rule out hardware damage , because of the sophisticated security mechanisms in modern cpus ( overheat protection , etc . ) . why can only root set the frequency and the frequency governor ? well , first because it is linux that only allows root to do so . second , i think that it is because the average user should not care about . it is the system that decides which frequency is the best in the current situation . it does so automatically , without user intervention and it does the job good under android ( imho ) . while thinks like setcpu can prolong battery life , it also can shorten it , if it is done wrong . the question here is : do you believe that a 3rd party app does better battery management than the one that the manufacturer of the device ? in certain cases sure , but not always .
i have solved my own problem today and i would like to provide the solution for others that might encounter it . the actual internal memory for this phone should amount to exactly 0,96 gb or close to that . i got aware of this comparing my phone to another one from the same model . i first tried formatting the flash memory ( or mass memory ) on my phone , but to no avail . so i tried doing a reset and it solved the issue . to do this : go to settings . choose privacy . select factory data reset or the corresponding example in your native language . wait for the phone to do its thing . you should see some code/script running on the screen . now wait . when everything is loaded and you configured the minimum settings , open the application task manager . you should be able to see the correct size .
many people have that kind of problem and i have the same one . i finally figured out and it works great . i have a galaxy tab 7 but many android devices will experience that . there are 2 important folders . the /system has a lot of system stuff . the one called /data is actually not really just data but it is where android install the application apk and some of the data related to it . if you force the apk to install on sd card , it will still use some of the /data space ( small amount ) for some data . be aware that there is a confusing " sdcard " name usage . most android devices have a " sdcard " that is an internal flash configured like an sd card but the real external sd card is often named external_sd or something along those line . the problem i discovered is in /data/tombstone , you will find 10 files named tombstone_0# . these are debugging info collected by android or at least that is what i found googling it . you want that if you want to debug applications and need longer information than " logcat " . but , you do not need that for a normal user . delete all of them . these 4 files were using 1.4gb of my 1.89gb internal tablet storage . to do so , you will need to root your device . yes , you must . and it will not explode do not worry , i have done it and many others too ! then get a program like " root explorer " to browse and delete the junk . it will request and be granted root privilege if you rooted your device before and you will be able to do whatever you want . to root your device , just google " root android my device model " and you should find quickly how to root your device .
it will only show apps you have purchased from the market ( at least , that is the experience i have had ) besides the ones currently installed on your device . i recommend titanium backup ( requires root ) for backing up all your apps .
its been my experience that only paid apps remain in your my apps list after data is erased from your phone . i believe that the list of downloaded free apps is stores in the phones memory so its lost when you wipe it . this is the benefit of services like appbrain . edit : as thunsaker points out , if you use google 's android backup service and you have a 2.2 or later device it will save the list of your downloaded app ( among other things ) and restore that to the market after a restore .
is this the first time that you have opened the market since your reformat ? my experience both with moving from an old phone to a new one and after a factory reset , was that once i would added my primary account onto the phone , the first time that i opened market and went straight to my apps , i saw every app that i had on my previous device both paid , and free in the list ( the free ones showed in the list as " free " rather than the normal " installed" ) . if i then came out of market , the next time that i opened market it just showed me my paid apps plus the apps that had actually been installed on this phone since the wipe , it had now ' forgotten ' my previously installed apps and i have lost the chance to easily find and reinstall them .
as of v1.11 ( possibly before ? ) , the app itself now contains the changelist . just press the menu button , hit more , hit settings , and scroll down .
after you posted this i got curious too but i could not find a change log . i emailed amazon support and asked what changed and where i could find a release log and here 's what they said : unfortunately we do not have a change log detailing the changes made between versions of the amazon appstore app . i will forward your feedback on to the appstore team who will take them into consideration . customer feedback like yours is what allows us to continue to improve and provide a quality product and experience . if you have any other feedback please let us know via email or at 1-866-749-7771 thanks for contacting amazon . this is actually the most direct answer i have gotten . i have emailed them a couple other questions and got boilerplate responses that looked like they were for different questions .
both ubuntu phone ( which is based on the same linux distro as full ubuntu ) and android run on a linux kernel . however they differ above the kernel level , whereas ubuntu runs a full gnu/linux os with most of the standard linux libraries , and a gui based on qt , android runs a custom android and dalvik platform instead . it looks like one of the big benefits of them both being based on the same linux kernel is driver support . this means that for any android phone that has open-sourced drivers available ( either officially from the manufacturer 's source , or where a 3rd party rom developer has written them ) , it should be a much easier to task to get ubuntu phone running on it . ( notably pretty much every picture on the ubuntu phone site at the moment looks like it is of a galaxy nexus running ubuntu phone ) . ubuntu has already been adapted to run on chipsets using the arm and intel x86 architectures relevant for mobile devices , with the core system based around a typical android board support package ( bsp ) . so chipset vendors and hardware manufacturers do not need to invest in or maintain new hardware support packages for ubuntu on smartphones . in short , if you already make handsets that run android , the work needed to adopt ubuntu will be trivial . ( from http://www.ubuntu.com/devices/phone/operators-and-oems - my emphasis ) this means that , initially at least , it is phone manufacturers and ubuntu enthusiasts who are going to see the biggest benefit - that it should be fairly easy to get ubuntu phone working on a handset that was designed for android ( and fairly easy to sell the same hardware with a choice of os ) . as the vast majority of android apps are written using java for the dalvik vm , neither of which are guaranteed to be on an ubuntu phone ( though enthusiasts may port them later ) most of those apps will not work without a large amount of porting effort . ubuntu themselves are unlikely to be in a hurry to port java and dalvik to ubuntu phone after the legal problems that google have had with oracle . also the ubuntu phone has it is own qml toolkit and ubuntu sdk , neither of which are the same as ( or compatible with ) the android sdk or ndk apis , so again that is going to be a large amount of porting effort that will prevent android apps from being run on ubuntu straight away . on the other hand , if your app is primarily a web app with an android wrapper around it , then porting should be much easier as both heavily support html5 and javascript . web apps are first class citizens on ubuntu , with apis that provide deep integration into the interface . html5 apps written for other platforms can be adapted to ubuntu with ease , and we’re targeting standard cross-platform web app development frameworks like phonegap to make ubuntu ‘just work’ for apps that use them . ( from http://www.ubuntu.com/devices/phone/app-ecosystem ) despite all of those differences , history in the mobile space has shown us that if a mobile platform takes off in a big way , then no matter how big the time and effort needed to port apps between platforms , all the big apps and games will make their way to the new platform eventually and companies will come out with toolkits and software that makes it easy to write an app once that can then be compiled to run on any of the major platforms ( that allow it ) . it seems that most of ubuntu 's app-portability is concentrating on making it easy to convert web apps into ubuntu phone apps , and to make it easy to run exactly the same app on any ubuntu device - desktop , laptop or phone : with the arrival of the ubuntu sdk , apps can be written to work on all ubuntu form-factors : it’s the same ubuntu os on the desktop and on the phone , so a single native application can work on both . which means you re-use most of the app when you add support for a new form-factor . ( from http://www.ubuntu.com/devices/phone/app-ecosystem ) tl ; dr ubuntu phone and android are both based on a linux kernel but are different above that - they can share drivers ( this is good for manufacturers and hobbyists ) , but can not share apps . ubuntu phone shares apps with desktop ubuntu , not with android . they both have good web browsers and can view the same web pages .
this is marginally unanswerable . there certainly is no specific decision available regarding devices -> google has an internal maximum , but updates are mostly done by manufacturers , for instance samsung or htc . low-end devices will receive much less ( if any at all ) updates from their manufacturer . high end devices will be able to run run new versions much longer , and if you take into account that you can put custom roms on the devices it is a complete open field . so while the linked quote by @qdoe gives some rule of thumb for google 's idea about support , i would not look too hard at it . it is a combination of manufacturer and devices specifications and what the user does : just like other hardware . now for devices vs versions this is also tricky : while we have devices that might-or-might-not be end-of-life in terms of support/updates that get there automatically , there is something as major versions . at a certain point one version ( say 2 . x ) is not being updated to x+1 , but there is no specific reason that you can not update to 4 , apart from limitations on device etc . so while a major version might be ' end-of-life ' , this has no specific meaning . in the end it all hangs on why you want this information . you say you are a software-engineer , so i suppose you are releasing android apps ? your best course of action then is to always develop with the latest ( 4.3 currently ) sdk version as target , with the minimum set quite a bit lower ( as low as you can without losing functionality ) . most of the functionality is available backward-compatible through the support-sdk 's , so you could as a for instance use fragments if you want in a min . 2 . x supported app . i would step away from the " this is for version x , i need to know the lifetime " frame of mind .
for android devices the answer is : 18 months is the maximum supported lifetime . i found this in the google android faq . it is said that the 2 year old galaxy nexus does not recieve an update to android 4.4 " kitkat": galaxy nexus , which first launched two years ago , falls outside of the 18-month update window when google and others traditionally update devices .
i would suggest clearing the data . also , are you sure that the contact is actually being synced by the facebook application . the facebook application may not think that the contact is the " same person " that you know that it is . i would clear the data and reset up the syncing for the facebook app . there maybe something in there that is preventing the image to update . maybe a corrupt image , or data .
if you are using the stock android keyboard , you can report it on the central android bug tracker . be warned that there are already more than 25000 reports there , and many never receive any response from google . if you find a bug in a third-party keyboard you are using , visit the keyboard 's page in google play ( either through the play store app or on the website ) and click email developer . lastly , and this definitely is not applicable in this case , if you find a bug in a device manufacturer 's keyboard ( such as the samsung keyboard found on samsung phones ) , the answer will depend on which manufacturer , so you should contact their product support in the first instance . hardware manufacturers tend not to have publicly-accessible bug trackers .
obvious : it syncs google+ notifications if you have a google+ account . for example , comments on one of your posts ( depending on your notification settings ) . not as obvious : you need the google+ app for it to work .
i asked a similar question . as a workaround , you can use the data profile feature of titanium backup pro with the analytics app .
lifehacker published on how to use vlc-shares to recreate airplay with android . link
dlna is basically the same thing . there are several apps that allow you to use dlna like twonky .
try emit . it brings air video functionality to android .
this is a member of the viber r and d team . i am here to assist : ) viber has an " exit " option , inside the " more " tab . after choosing this option , viber should shut down completely , and not leave a process running . it can still stay available for calls and texts with the help of the c2dm service , that " awakens " viber upon incoming calls and texts .
this is not possible , since viber needs to be running in order to receive calls which are routed via viber . if you shut down the background process , you can not be reached via viber . the exit button just means it closes the ui , but keeps listening for calls in the background .
do this : type *#0011# on your dialer to go into service mode . from there , go to settings by pressing the left hard key navigate to wifi and turn off power setting mode . this solved the problem for me . however if you turn your phone off and again , the procedure will have to be repeated on each restart as its temporary .
update your phone to the firmware i9300xxella and check through " exynos " if your device is affected or not affected , it will tell you .
i think you should make sure the ebook format that the android kindle supports first . epub is the most common ebook format for ebooks , nearly all ebook readers can recognize this format , including kindle . so you should convert pdf to epub foramt . download a pdf to epub converter . i recommend pdfmate pdf converter , which is developed by my company add the pdf to the program to convert it as epub format . transfer the epub format to kindle .
i know i am coming in late here , but there are a couple more suggestions to convert/push documents to the kf : mail it to your [ your-kindle ] @kindle . com address with ' convert ' in the subject line . use the send to kindle app ( mac version ; windows version link on page ) which automates the process with drag-and-drop . the send to kindle bookmarklet claims to push web-content to your kindle ( i have not tried this one ) .
use calibre for all ebook conversions .
do you mean samsung kies , pc sync ? try on samsung website , choose your exact model of galaxy , and you will find the available software .
in the settings of the gmail app there is a setting called " email notifications " . uncheck that setting , and you should stop getting notifications from it .
try this app : fb remap for htc chacha
is impossible for you to attempt to make the change withouth the device been rooted . according to xda developers thread , you need to go into your system folder located in your root , to change the keyboard layout file located here : /system/usr/keylayout/[devicename]-keypad.kl .
try facebook button for htc chacha or its lite version . it is a normal standard-abiding android application , which installs from the market , does not require any hacks , and works on unrooted devices — so it'll keep you warranty safe . feel free to check also its support thread on xda-developers .
what i done is i found a programme called " android injector " which installs . apk files from your pc to your android . downloaded and installed the google apps and that sorted the market problem out . but i ddnt get to keep my old apps after i got link to sd it was blank . oh well . . . .
are you running a custom rom on your xperia x10 mini ? if you are missing the google talk app , this means that factory rest deleted some of the google apps required for market to work properly . i would suggest finding the appropriate gapps package for the rom you are running and re-flashing it .
sounds like the factory reset removed the changes that link2sd made . but if you now moved apps that are system apps ( like talk ) they are now " gone " . i am not 100% sure how link2sd works , if it uses an ext3 partition on the sdcard or what exactly it does . but it sounds like it really botched up your system . your best bet at this point it to find the stock rom and reflash the device back to the original stock setup . for future reference , a factory reset does not return the device to " stock setup " , it deletes all the user data off the device , as if it has never been used . it does not add any system apps or reset their " state " . if you make those kinds of changes , a factory reset does not fix them .
there are a couple of ways to temporarily disable the pin . one that i use is an app called unlock with wifi . basically , as long as my device is on my home wi-fi network , the pin to unlock is disabled . as soon as i leave home with it , thus disconnecting from my wi-fi , the pin lock is re-enabled . ( the free version only lets you connect to one home network . )
there is flyscreen , which lets you put widgets and such on your lock screen . ( app brain link )
i have been using widgetlocker ( appbrain ) . its very customizable and has worked like a charm for me .
at the time i was semi-blindly following another poorly written walkthrough that just had a series of commands without explaining them . now with some knowledge i eventually worked out that it was better to flash the image to the phone . still do not know why it was taking so long though . eventually with flashing to the phone and then the cyanogen mod , i got it all working . now with rommanager on my phone it'll be sooo much easier in future !
this means the provisioning ( first run ) got somehow interrupted . to fix this , run the following command from a root terminal or from adb shell: sqlite3 /data/data/com.android.providers.settings/databases/settings.db "INSERT INTO secure (name,value) VALUES ('device_provisioned','1');" and then reboot .
to remove it , click on the three vertical dots on the top-right of your screen . then , go to settings . scroll down to " priority senders " and unmark the tick box . hope it helps .
you are probably looking for k-9 mail , which is a traditional mail client in the spirit of mutt ( but with less vi ) .
this is often caused by linking other social networks ( via the appropriate app ) or third party e-mail providers to the android device . this will cause the contact lists or address books to be synced and shown in your device . this includes for example last fm yahoo mail skype etc .
besides the source mentioned by flow , since gmail may , depending on your settings , automatically add people you send messages to to your other contacts list , that might also be a source of unexplainable contacts in your contact list .
try this app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.traber.blueappsender using this app you can send the app to another phone or tab . if you also need the data simply copy the game data folder ( mostly in android> data )
use titanium backup to backup the game + data and then transfer the backup to your new device where you can use titanium backup on the new device to restore the app+data again . however , please check whether the app is compatible with your new device .
the smartphone 's wifi turned out to be spoofed .
changing the default language to non hebrew should solve the problem . i know that may be a pain , but the only other option then is to manually change it . these areas of the email messages are " populated " and use the device language to get the values to use .
go to android settings , the wireless then enable " portable wi-fi hotspot " then connect to that wifi using your tablets wifi manager . then you should have internet
kurru basically has it right , except that the portable wi-fi hotspot application will most likely require another monthly fee from your provider . as far as wired tethering between devices , this is not possible . the protocols do not exist for android devices to accept external network connections through cables . a very easy solution ( if you are comfortable rooting your device ) , is wifi tether . i use this app constantly , and works exactly as kurru described : install run application press " tether " button select " android hotspot " from available wireless access points on your tablet and bam ! you are done ! as a personal user , i have to say this is the single best advantage to rooting a phone , and 100% worth it .
you can use a activitymanager to get the message about process in my phone , browser is " com . android . browser " , it is the same in all the android . is different os , the name we see may be different , like different language , and so on . in english , it is browser . hope the answer is useful .
not as far as i know ; it is name is just " browser " . to distinguish it from the other browsers , sometimes i call it " stock browser " . btw , it is called firefox now ( or firefox mobile ) , and no longer fennec .
i have not used vivek rom and i do not know how the rom installation is happening . most of the latest rom now having aroma installer . so when installing the rom , it will prompt whether you want to change recovery . so when you choose a new the rom for your mobile , please check rom installation is through aroma installer and it has the option to flash recovery or not
i have the same problem with my nexus 4 using the android runtime ( art ) . it seems to be related to art and/or the new " differential updates " that the play store now allows . most app updates will now only download the updated files and resources in the apk . if a crash happens on an update , it will always occur during the gap between when the updated files are downloaded and when the installation starts . if you are using art , try switching back to dalvik .
for some reason nexus devices have an ongoing problem with playstore funny thing is google are aware of it but dont seem to be able to fix the issues . i have had an similar issue with a nexus 4 but i just downloaded an app called aptoide to get my apps from and avoided the play store altogether . hope this helps .
if you are thinking of chainfire 's cf-auto-root , do not use the files for i9500 , i9505 , i9505g . chances are it might not work . however , xda has a thread with a pre-rooted gt-i9506 stock rom . you can try that instead .
you can use this rooting method for i9506 . note : i am not responsible for any cause of problems that happens to your phone while doing the rooting .
if you go into the web version of the play store and then click on the link my market account at the top of the screen it shows you all the free and paid apps that you have downloaded since you opened your android google account . from here you can also click the app name and then click the download button which then sends the download to your phone . i have done this quite a few times when i have had to reinstall my phone hope this helps
answering an old question , i know , but android 4.2 has " always-on vpn " in the menu on the vpn settings page : setting a vpn profile under this will maintain the vpn connection , and only allow network traffic when connected to it . more info : http://support.google.com/nexus/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=2819573 ( it may have been added in an earlier version of android , but my nexus 7 auto-updated before i got around to setting up the vpn : )
you could install orbot on your phone and install a bridge on your server . depending on your needs , you might want to restrict bridge access via a whitelist . ( please see comments ) this is not a true vpn , but provides the same functionality . orbot can force all traffic or app-specific traffic . orbot [ 02/20/12 ] 0.2.3.10-alpha-orbot-1.0.7-final . apk
sshtunnel sshtunnel is an ssh tunnel/vpn solution for android . when i first found sshtunnel , users were forced to use an application 's settings to use sock5 proxy , but now sshtunnel can handle per application and global use on its own . just like rooting is required to get the full functionality of orbot , you will need a rooted device in order to get what you need from sshtunnel . although this is not a vpn , this is a much simpler setup that will give you an encrypted tunnel to your server . you can interact with your server through this connection directly , or use it to receive or bounce traffic outwards . note : unencrypted traffic sent to your server ( ie http ) will be encrypted through your ssh tunnel , but it will still be clear/unencrypted once it leaves your server . links and qr google play/market official website
downloading and installing an app that contains malware . that is all . if you do not want malware on your phone , just do not install malware on your phone . that means:- when you click install on google play ( or another app store ) , check the permissions . if the app asks for permissions you were not expecting , do not install it . it is commonplace for malware authors to upload fake apps that appear to be popular or trendy games or apps , but are in fact imitations that install or contain malware . google is pretty good at taking them down these days , but they still appear for a while . genuine software vendors are happy to explain why they need each permission they ask for , so if you are not sure , check if the app description has a plausible explanation , and/or contact the vendor . if you are visiting a website and it unexpectedly downloads an apk ( an android app package ) , do not install it . just delete the file . do not install apps from warez sites . there used to be a lot of ' reputable ' warez on windows , that actually were the software they claimed to be , but on android most of the warez sites are just viruses with different names . if you are not expecting to install apps from apk files you got elsewhere , go into the settings , in the security section , and turn off installing apk files from unknown sources . you can always turn it on again when you need to . apart from that , on android you still need to apply the usual security precautions you had take with websites and emails to avoid phishing attacks and scams . check who the sender is , check what domain you are looking at or what domain the link points to . even if a message appears to be from someone you know or an organisation you trust , it could be malware posing as them , so think about whether you had expect them to send this message .
it is a fairly common issue apparently . here 's how to fix it : link just killing the dmclient and cmclient services and rebooting did the trick for me . but disclaimer : results may vary .
apps must be coded specifically to allow for installation on google tv devices . in 3.2 update , google even disabled side-loading of apps , so the old trick from 2 . x days to install apks via a dropbox account will not work . modders from gtvhacker site managed to find an exploit in sony units that allows for installing a custom kernel and a rooted build of 3.2 . with that build it is possible to enable side-loading of apps , and then you can install them via adb : adb connect 192.168.1.XXX:5555 adb install C:\path\to\apk\AppName.apk  where " xxx " is the ip address of your gtv box/tv . keep in mind that the usual warnings of rooting apply , such as voiding the warranty , etc .
on the razr , it is separate from the display timeout . it is in " security-> automatically lock " . not sure if that is unique to the razr or not . if you have the sdk installed , it might be possible to push an alternate property with " adb shell setprop " , but it would not be persistent across reboots .
since you are rooted , you could try to replace the browser app with one from a " stock " rom that does not have the different search engine . the problem would be if the device is odexed , you might not be able to just replace the app . in which case you would have to install a completely different rom for the device .
are you able to access the google search app to install it from the market ? this will allow you to add the google search box to your home screen , as many android devices have it set by default . i am pretty sure that this should also add it to to the browsers list of search engines for those who want to search from the address bar . other than that you had just need to change your browser 's home page , which ( assuming your carrier has not locked that down ) you should be able to change in the browser 's settings ( open the browser , press menu , scroll down to and click on set home page and change to http://www.google.com ( or your regional version ) ) .
it looks like there are several apps that purport to do this . two that i found are : areyouthereyet ihavearrived
tasker can have approaching/leaving a location as a trigger , and sending a text message as an action . i have read before of people setting it up to do exactly what you are asking for .
life360 will notify you when anyone leaves or arrives from locations you set . you can create two locations for free .
you can try the gps share app . it is simple to use and does exactly what its name says .
gps is , generally speaking , a one-way system . whether your phone powers up the gps chip and starts receiving signals or not does not matter because the phone is not broadcasting , the satellites are , and you can not turn off the satellites ! that is likely why it is excluded from airplane mode . if you had still like to have it shut off when you enter airplane mode you should look into a tasker script or something similar than will toggle it when it detects you have entered airplane mode . i do not believe there is a native android setting for this .
you will not find this setting in android 's gmail app , but on the gmail mobile site ( accessed via browser ) it is here :
just having a usb port is not enough : the host device also needs to understand what protocol the whiteboard uses to communicate ; in other words , the language the whiteboard speaks . there are a number of standard protocols , or profiles , for common devices such as keyboards and mice , but a whiteboard is not one of these . if the whiteboard works by pretending to be a mouse , then it might work as a mouse in android just by plugging it in . the specs for the whiteboard should say " usb hid profile " or something like that , in that case ; or if you have used it with a pc , you might already have noticed something similar . if the whiteboard does not act as one of the standard profiles , you will need the manufacturer of the device to provide drivers and user software for android . a driver for windows or linux will not do . depending on how the driver works , it might be in the form of an app you can just install the usual way , but more likely , there will be a kernel module , and you will need to compile your own custom rom for your device ( which may not be possible for your device anyway , if other drivers for the device are not available ) .
to return to the last page you visited , you can just tap on the screen to notice a bar in the bottom . if you look closer you can see a blue triangle that marks the last visited page . click on it and you will return to that page ! click image for larger version hope this helps .
before you do anything - make a nandroid backup using clockworkmod recovery or any other recovery tool that you may have . this is really important as it means that anything you can can be undone if needed . that said - i believe you can delete these files . i have not removed files from /data/data/ manually before , but to the best of my knowledge it will not have any bad side effects . i recommend you try just renaming that folder to something else to start off with and run your phone for a while to see if anything bad happens , if not then you are good to just remove it .
problems after dropping the phones typically come from two reasons : physical damage brown out ( unclean voltage drop ) the voltage drop may temporarily lock up the circuit , so you could take out the battery for some time to let it properly reset . else inspect the connector springs if they are bent and measure the battery voltage , try a spare battery , etc .
keep on top of your apps : deleting the ones you do not use and the ones that are poorly coded resource hogs . clear individual apps caches in settings > applications > manage applications by choosing clear cache . reboot your device periodically ( i have no evidence to back up that this improves performance but it seems to work for me ) ( this answer is a community wiki so feel free to add or amend )
here is some performance tips : have plenty of extra space in the internal memory . the phone uses the internal memory to store apks and caches , if you have very little internal memory , it might make it difficult for the phone to find contiguous area large enough to store and load the cache . while flash-based storage are not as badly affected by fragmentation as disk-based storage , there will still be a major performance hit if the apks or cache file is fragmented into 1000 pieces . you should not need to clear caches . the caches are needed for the best performance of the phone . if you clear caches , and you have performance improvement , that is just because you have made an extra space and that makes it easier for new programs to create and load their caches . while you might be happy with this , it is only a temporary fix until the program rebuilds the cache and it becomes sluggish again . best way to resolve this situation is to keep an amount of empty space ( about 10-30% of the internal memory , the optimal figure depends on the size of your internal memory ) , do not install too many programs and uninstall programs you do not use ; this way you prevent program you do not use to build caches you do not use . prefer small programs , which generally produces smaller caches . avoid app2sd for applications you frequently use , unless you have class 6 or higher sd card . put only big applications that you do not use frequently on sd card ( e . g . games ) ; homescreen , keyboard , and widgets should be in the internal memory for best performance ( android prevents you from installing them on sd card , but it is not impossible to force move them to sd ) . avoid program that have background services and avoid home screen widgets . while there are valid reasons for programs to spawn background service ( e . g . music player , im , etc ) and while some home screen widgets are very useful ; they can degrade performance if you have too many of them . background service and home screen widgets will eat up rams that the os cannot reclaim as easily as sleeping applications . android usually will reclaim memory from unused applications first , but only in very dire circumstances that it kills background services and home screen . this is not an outright ban on background services and home screen widgets ; just to be a bit conservative in the use of widgets since no os in the world can smoothly run more programs than it was designed to handle .
you may be in luck ; i just finished building git for kbox2 . once i test it and figure out how to run a staged install for redistribution purposes , i can upload it and post a link edit : i have contacted the kbox2 developer ; if the client works hopefully he can package it for download/install to the kbox2 system . if you are feeling adventurous ( or impatient ) , you can always build it in kbox2 yourself ; there is a couple of gcc packages available in the downloads section
to support my bluetooth headset , my desire was to turn bluetooth on when i am in the contacts app or in a call . i could do it only while in a call but then i can not make sure my headset is connected before the other party picks up . none of the solutions already posted would work . setting %bluetoothneeded on when in contacts or in call means that when a call starts , it sets %bluetoothneeded on but then when contacts becomes background to being in call , it sets %bluetoothneeded off and bluetooth turns off . using the inverse operation , turn bluetooth off when not in contacts and not in call but turn bluetooth on as an exit task almost works , but apparently tasker notices the brief period when contacts loses foreground status and the call has not started yet and turns bluetooth off . so here 's what worked for me , based on this blog : create a task called Dummy with an action of Tasks &gt; Wait &gt; 1ms create a profile called stateInCall with a condition of State &gt; Phone &gt; Call &gt; Type: Any . link it to the Dummy task . create a profile called stateInContacts with a condition of State &gt; Application &gt; Contacts . link it to the Dummy task . create a profile called Bluetooth Needed with a condition of State &gt; Variable &gt; Variable Value . set name to %PACTIVE , op to Matches , and value to *,stateInCall,*|*,stateInContacts,* . according to the tasker docs , %pactive contains a comma-separated list of active profiles where the list also begins and ends with a comma to make matching easier . link this profile to a task called Bluetooth On that turns bluetooth on using the Net &gt; Bluetooth &gt; Set: On action . create a task called Conditional Bluetooth Off with the following actions : task > wait > 10 seconds task > if > %PACTIVE does not match *,stateInCall,*|*,stateInContacts,* net > bluetooth > set : off task > end if long press on the Bluetooth Needed profile then choose Properties . uncheck Restore Settings . quick press the Bluetooth Needed profile till the Bluetooth On task appears below it , in the right column . long press Bluetooth On and choose Add Exit Task , then choose Conditional Bluetooth Off . Conditional Bluetooth Off will wait 10 seconds before double checking that neither stateInCall nor stateInContacts are true , at which point it will turn bluetooth off . otherwise , it leaves bluetooth on and when both stateInCall and stateInContacts exit later , it will do its 10 second wait and check again .
or probably you can use " inverted " conditions to do an opposite task ? , e.g. if you want to run a task when wifi is connected or when the profile:a is inactive , you can instead setup contexts for " wifi is disconnected " and " profile : a is active " both with " inverted " checkbox selected , and setup a task that does the opposite , if that is possible . this basically works because of : (A OR B) = NOT((NOT A) AND (NOT B))
you could make your action depend on a variable "%condition=true " and then make two different profiles : profile a : set condition to " true " profile b : set condition to " true " your profile : if variable " condition"=true then . . . and there goes your exit task but would be nice if the authors would enhance tasker for that . . . : )
you will need to make a single profile for each context and pair it to the action individually .
specify ssid in the wifi connected context to be ABC/XYZ this will activate the context if you connect to abc or xyz , reference : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/userguide/en/matching.html
the answer is most likely that your polaroid tablet is not licensed to use google play . there are a number of requirements that must be met before google licenses its app store for use on a tablet . some of it has to do with software compatibility tests that pass or fail for the device . this is from the polaroid tablet faq : http://www.polaroid.com/faqs/tablet-faqs/i-cannot-use-google-play-store-why it says : " our tablets are not licenced with googleplay store as of yet . . . " i am not sure how old that faq message is , though , as it goes on to suggest that tablets do not need google play but smart phones do . weird . it also says that you can use amazon 's app store . there is also this link which goes over how to install google play on a polaroid tablet . i do not know how good it is , but it might work for you . . . http://www.the-digital-reader.com/2012/04/07/how-to-install-google-apps-gplay-etc-on-polaroi-pmid701 i am not sure why any android device manufacturer would not include google play . my guess is it requires a fee to license it from google . but supposedly it costs nothing to run their open source compatibility test to prove their devices are compatible with google play . there may also be other legal issues , especially with regards to different regions , content distribution and encryption .
does it have other google apps like gmail , google maps , etc ? if not then the tablet is stripped off the google apps . if you find other apps then you might want to confirm if the app has not been disabled in settings . settings-> apps-> all
for a manual approach , i found a download link for the firmware off the asus site . i think my mistake earlier was in the download pages os selector i looked at winxp , win7 , never considered ( or noticed ) that android was an os option . then you download and unzip the 250 meg file . then you copy it to an sd card , with asus as the folder at the root . pop it into the tranformer , and you get a notification that it is preparing the sd card , and then that there is a software update available . at that point , you are at the same basic functionality as the over the air upgrade path . make sure you are plugged in ( or do not run out of power ) . however , this is a workaround , as opposed to fixing the core issue , of why the ota upgrade was not available .
i found out that this was caused by installing supern64 . strange that it caused something across the entire phone and every app , not just itself .
the app 's author himself explains how it works at the top of the second page of that thread you linked to : it is the same idea as faceniff ( i am a developer of it also ) , basically it sends arp reply 's to all of the devices in the network fooling them to think that your mobile is router . and then all of the devices try connecting to network through your device . . . and you just drop every single packet from them . in this version it is just dropping packets but maybe later i will try adding some sort of primitive reject target . and slightly more on page 5 originally posted by jufjufjuf is this using an arpspoofing attack ? just wondering if there was anyway to send out de-auth packets through android like airdrop-ng ? yes , it is using arp spoofing . i suppose there is a way to send deauth packets but it would require modifying kernel drivers for wifi card . afaik it will not work out-of-the-box because most of android wifi drivers do not allow packet injections and even changing the mac address of the nic is super-difficult in a lot of devices . as far as tools for desktop oss go , there are a few that will do this kind of thing , mdk3 seems to be a popular one for doing this kind of thing .
so what you have sounds like one of two things . one , there is a software issue giving false readings off the temperature sensor . in order to diagnose this i would recommend installing a third party battery monitor which can monitor temperature . if this gives you a normal temperature you know its software and a factory reset should fix your problems . if it still is -20 than it could be hardware or just firmware level software . two , the temperature sensor could be broken or malfunctioning giving a false or default reading . either way if does not cause any problems a factory reset would either fix it or tell you what is wrong . let me know how it goes , i may have some other options for you if need be .
as far as i now android device slowdown can occur for several reasons : very low amount of free ram . check under settings> apps> running how much free ram you have if your free ram is too low ( 70-150mb or less ) it is probably the cause so check which app/apps , if it is not an app maybe it is a bug in the rom . ( see 3 ) low free space on internal storage . ( check under setting> storage ) if the free space is too low ( ~2gb or less ) , try free up some space and check if that helps kernel bug/misconfiguration . try to check your cpu usage stats , clock speed , governor , number of active cores etc . . . ( if you havn't flashed a custom kernel and never changed the governor/clock speed or other performance settings it is probably not the problem ) rom bug you can try perform a nandroid backup , then reinstall the rom after full wipe and see how it performs , if it is still slow , try clean install of the version that previously worked fine ( only if you know what you doing ! ) bug in one of the user apps . if your cpu/ram usage is too high for no reason maybe one of your apps eating it . i recommend you to try osmonitor or any similar app to find which app eating your cpu/ram . ( lack of trim , trim does exist in android 4.3 and up so it is not the problem ) ( in some rare cases bad sdcard can cause such problem but it is not the problem too since galaxy nexus does not have card slot )
cyanogenmod nightly builds are unstable and will show bugs like this from time to time . they are really not suitable for everyday use , and sooner or later one of these bugs might wipe all your data , or turn your phone into a pocket heater by running the cpu at 100% continuously . to avoid the problem you have seen , either update ( downdate ) to a nightly that does not have this problem , or switch to something more stable such as a beta build .
i would suggest a full wipe to determine if it is a hardware or software issue . you can save data from your apps through a utility like titanium backup ( be sure to copy the backup files out of your device after you have performed the backup tasks ) . just to be sure , did you change the runtime to art or are you still on dalvik ? art is extremely unstable on cyanogenmod builds since 31 mar 2014
you can also check if you do not have an app that automatically selects a profile depending on a trigger . although it could be a bug in your rom , it could also be caused by an automatic change of profile . make sure the profile that is selected when you turn on your phone is the same as the one when the vibrator stops working , and that the definition of the profile did not change . the behavior you describe could be consistent with a change of profile since some apps might take a few minutes to be loaded after you start the phone , including your profile manager .
it should not be possible for an app to prevent all apps from using the vibrator . this definitely points to an error in the custom rom .
in my case i had turned on power savings mode . am not sure but i believe that in 4.4.2 power saving mode comes with " disabling haptic feedback " turned on . this can be rectified by going to settings-> my device and then clicking on power saving mode . there uncheck the " disabling haptic feedback " checkbox .
if the hotspot ssid shows in your android device means , definitely it wont be an ad-hoc network . most probably the the problem would be getting dhcp ip from your laptop . try giving static ip to both hotspot network and your android device .
go to wifi settings > advanced > uncheck the option titled " avoid poor connections " . that will probably get rid of the " poor connection prompt . "
this has happen to me with some apps . . . did you lost your imei ? i mean , maybe in the process of rooting , sim-unlocking , rom updating your phone , etc . . . you did something wrong and " lost your imei " . it seems having an imei of 004999010640000 indicates so . at least this happened to me with my galaxy s ( i9000 ) some apps seem to uniquely identify a user by imei . if you have this 004999010640000 imei you are now part of a club of hundreds with that exact same wrong imei . so someone who also " lost his imei " might have registered to those apps before . this happened to me with openfeint for example . to check your imei go to settings > about phone > status
mr . portela has it right , and i figured out a way to solve the issue more quickly : select the misbehaving contact . long press the ' default ' email address . select ' clear default ' . voila . i am not sure what will happen when you try to email these contacts from now on , but at least calling works as intended .
tldr : i have found a solution work-around : go to google contacts in your browser and remove the emails from the contact ( you can put them in the notes to avoid losing them ) . let it sync with your phone . add emails back to the contact ( still from the browser ) . you can now do all the " mark as default " you want because it will keep calling correctly . long version : i decided to do some other experiments . i started by creating a contact specifically for this ( with 2 fake phone numbers and 2 fake emails ) and let it sync with my phone . used " mark as default " to select just the phone number . it kept working fine . then i selected the default email . thats when the phone started to try to make internet calls . to continue my experiments i needed to deselect the email ( which is not possible from the phone ) , so i went to google contacts from my browser and removed the emails and let it sync with my phone . i then re-added the emails . to my surprise the issue vanished completely for that contact . sure enough i did the same for my problematic contacts and everything is fine now . : )
if you can get into the bootloader , you can issue a fastboot -w command which will erase all data - this normally solved boot loops . if not , you should be able to install a new rom using the same bootloader ( fastboot ) , you just need the system . img file ( make sure you issue a fastboot -w command before you flash , however ) . i believe that this pink screen you talk of could be the fastboot/bootloader mode you need to issue the above commands - you just need the fastboot . exe file , as well as the . dll files that come with adb . exe .
i had the same problem with my y200 . go to huaweidevice . com and download the firmware . extract the folder downloaded and copy it to the sd card . insert the sd card into the phone . press vol up and down key at the same time + power button , then a message installing package comes up . then wait until the phone reboots . that is how its done
perform a factory reset . but i doubt that this will fix your problems . sounds like they are caused by hardware .
this seems like a bug in one of the apps you use . best you can do is report it to their developers through the play store .
the avd is not in charge for real devices . there is a step-by-step tutorial from xamarin for nexus devices : http://developer.xamarin.com/guides/android/getting_started/installation/set_up_device_for_development/ http://developer.xamarin.com/guides/android/deployment,_testing,_and_metrics/debugging_with_xamarin_android/ if this will not work , try to stop your firewall .
the " v " in avd manager stands for virtual , which is your clue that this tool is only for managing virtual devices ( i.e. . emulator images ) , not real devices . accordingly , you should not expect your real device to show up there . you do not need to use avd manager at all for debugging , if you are using a real device : the tool you are using should just show a list of devices .
swiping down on the left side of the screen should bring down the notification window shade and swiping down on the right side of the screen should bring down the new " quick settings " window shade which has the settings icon and some other handy settings easily available . as far as the screen adjusting , this is known as auto-rotate and can be changed in the quick settings as well ( shown below ) . notification shade : quick settings shade :
i am afraid , it might not be possible . first of all , the ideal requirement for ics to run on any phone is dual core processor , and your phone does not have good processor . secondly the ram , your phone has only 256mb of ram wherein for ics to work smoothly , it requires atleast 512mb ram .
you should first check which ip address ( and network ) your hotspot is using . from the command-line ( e . g . using a terminal app like android terminal emulator or adb shell ) you can figure this out with the command ifconfig wlan0  if you rather want to avoid the command line , or your device uses womething other than wlan0 for the interface and you want to avoid guessing , os monitor is an app which tells you all the necessary details for each interface as well . once you have found out the correct data , you can specify those on your laptop : use the ip of the interface for the gateway , and take network and mask accordingly .
happened with me also . uncheck the strict mode setting and then reboot the device . dont forget to reboot . otherwise the settings ' change wont apply .
this is caused by the strict mode setting under the developer options . it flashes a red border around the screen when anything does a long operation on the main thread .
the first part of your question " why do so many of them require full phone access ? " . this is for 2 reasons . the granularity of the android permission system groups many system apis under a small number of permissions . app lockers need low level access to disable/enable apps . i assume that by " full phone access " you mean something like the " modify global system settings " permission . this permission is probably going to be required by app locker applications to prevent someone from disabling the lock without authorization , but it is hard to say , since i did not write the app . in the context of this question there are a few other permissions that make sense to me , e.g. , " retrieve running applications " and " automatically start at boot " . it is likely that most app locker apps will request at least those permissions . the rest of the permissions would be unnecessary just for locking an app , but may be used for other reasons . for example , i do not know why the app needs to intercept outgoing calls . for what it is worth , i ran the apk through http://android-permissions.org , and the tool reported that this app is not over privileged , meaning that inside the app , there is code that makes use of all the permissions requested . this is not good or bad , it just means that the developer probably is not requesting unneeded permissions . to answer the second part of your question , you are probably ok if you install that app , but we can never be sure . an update might make the app start doing something different that you find unacceptable , or the app may already be transmitting your phone number or imei to some remote server . who knows .
make sure the wi-fi router is not banning you . wi-fi routers have a setting to allow/deny specific mac addresses which could be used by your brother ( to tease you ) . if you are allowed to connect with router , this means dhcp is not working for you . dhcp service automatically assign ips to devices in network . dhcp server on router could be corrected after reboot . it has assigned ip to your brother 's device , after all . if rebooting router does not work , it means that dhcp client in your device is not working properly to obtain ip . try turning off - on wi-fi , restart device . if its not a big matter , you may do factory reset , too . if it is also not working or you do not want to do factory reset , fix ip of device . on wi-fi settings screen , hit menu button and tap Advanced . from here , you can fix ip to device after ticking Use Static IP address . if you do not know ip addressing , grab your brother 's ip and change digit after last dot . make sure , no other device in network has that ip .
if you can not get the device to even turn on , then this will not really help . . . from xda post about unbricking this device : prepare odin with the firmware you want to flash ( in my case was gingerbread 2.3.4 ) and get it ready to go . remove battery , wait for a bit . insert battery again . flash a recovery with your specific filesystem ( ext4 or rfs ) - ( if you have ext4 , download ext4 only , do not get ext4+rfs ) enter recovery and wipe | format : system data cache dalvik cache have odin ready . connect phone to pc . reboot to download mode hold volume down + power + home button at the same time . at this point odin should have detected your galaxy gio ( yellow rectangle should appear ) . insert the stock rom or custom rom . click start button in odin and wait about 5 min . reboot and wait the post has other options like using a tool called " one click unbrick " but i have never tried that tool .
if you are sure you can remove the apps , you need to be rooted ( see how do i root my phone ? ) to do so . i recommend using titanium backup to uninstall them , you just load titanium and then click on the app name to bring up a menu where you can uninstall it .
you need your tablet it be rooted for this . after rooting use scr screen recorder ( preferably the pro version ) to record your screen . there are many apps available but i found this the best
you can always use an app such as no root screen recorder to video record your screen . but the problem with this option is that you have to connect your device to a windows computer in order to capture . if you are willing to use external hardware , one good option is an external hdmi capture card and a usb to hdmi cable . this way the recording does not affect the performance of your device or app . more expensive than an app on the device , but much more flexible .
your nexus 10 should be able to upgrade to the newest android 4.4 kitkat any day now . it has a new option to record the screen , but you need to be/know someone who has basic knowledge about the android sdk : http://developer.android.com/about/versions/kitkat.html#44-screen-recording since you did not accept an answer yet , hope this info still helps and i am not necromancing your thread . ; )
it is not bluetooth , but try my open source project cross copy for inter-device copy and paste : browse to http://cross-copy.net on both devices choose the same code word to establish a connection between the devices upload the files on the mac a download link for each file will appear on the page of the nexus 7
provided both the android handset and your mac share a common wifi connection ( same ap that allows client-to-client connections ) : install an ftp server or a webserver app that allows uploading : for example airdroid . it allows file-uploading via drag and drop even . you will find your uploaded files in airdroid/upload in the sdcard folder .
go into Settings | Data usage . then in the Mobile tab , you will find a list of the applications that have recently used data . click on any of these applications and there will be a checkbox to restrict background data while the phone is using a mobile connection ( as opposed to wifi ) . i am not aware of a way to control the sync frequency .
im also looking for a similar app . i will try root firewall .
you can not . rim 's pin system and bbm are proprietary . you can only communicate with a blackberry user via pin messages or bbm if you have a blackberry . get a new bold 9900 / 9930 , they are great ! full disclosure : i work for rim . this is not an official statement from rim either , this is me speaking as a user in my off time at home . i honestly think the new bold is the best bb yet .
most darky 's packages i have seen are your normal update . zip variety that are flashed through recovery , so you should be good to go . if it is an odin package it should say so &mdash ; always vet your sources ( here 's a good one ) . i see no reason to believe flashing from cm would be a problem either unless it messed with your partitions . if you have problems you can always odin to stock and then root , install clockworkmod , and flash darky 's again . the whole process only takes a couple minutes . ( so if you are concerned , go right ahead and odin to stock , it costs you nothing ; just save your backups to a pc first . )
might be a small bug because it is specific to only one contact . hoping you have saved all the stuff you want from that thread , delete the thread/whole conversation . if you do not mind delete the contact also by writing his number somewhere . now start fresh again by creating the contact again and see what happens . comment .
if you pair you bluetooth headset , you can make and receive calls over it without a problem . if you want messages to be read to you , ( tts ) , install the handcent app and refer : http://www.handcent.com/faq.php#tag_speeksms
can not find an app so far . smart app protector seems best we can do
encryption of saved data ( the data on flash storage ) is a feature of android 4.0 and higher . the only non-4.0-device i am aware of that allows full flash storage encryption is the lenovo thinkpad tablet . encryption of connection data ( data that goes over the wire ) was a big security concern in some android versions . google has released some updated versions of the affected apps , but it is unkown if they where dispatched on every device . iirc most fixes got into 2.3.5 , but i can not find the source atm - googles disclosure policy is not so good . here are some good resources about this topic : the insecurity of google 's clientlogin protocol what android sync'd data is encrypted ? ungesicherte einsichten ( german ) ( "unsecure insights" )
there should be a " downloads " app in your app drawer . open it to view your downloads . previous versions of android ( up to gingerbread , afaik , possibly honeycomb ) had a " downloads " option in the browser itself under Menu-&gt;More-&gt;Downloads , but it is possible this no longer exists on ics . alternatively , if you have a file manager they should be in /sdcard/download , i believe ( on ics this actually appears to have changed to /sdcard/Download with a capital ' d' ) . it can vary by device a bit , but generally it should be /&lt;whatever_your_"sdcard"_path_is&gt;/download .
rocking shortcuts ( lite ) sounds like it does exactly what you are asking about , except that rather than using short-click/long-click it uses single-click/double-click on the volume rocker to control your music . if you only want to go to the next song , and do not often go back then the more specialised next song should do exactly this with no need for any configuration or options . it is not quite what you are asking about , but assuming that you are listening to your music through headphones then an app like headset button controller ( trial ) or headset droid ( trial ) has some very similar functionality but they use the button on a wired headset , rather than the volume controls .
if you lock a message , when you delete a conversation with a locked message , every message other than the locked message will be erased from that conversation .
that means ( normally on every phone ) that it cannot be deleted , just like a locked picture on a camera . so , if you would like to keep a message safe , i suggest locking it so no accidents happen . although , when the time comes that it wants to be deleted , it can be unlocked and then deleted
on most android smartphones there is a feature that makes the phone run faster . this feature is after a certain amount of messages ( on mine it is 210 ) it begins to delete them , locking the message also prevents it from being deleted .
app2sd does not move the entire app to sdcard , just parts of it . that is normal ( or rather " works-as-designed" ) , and no error on your end . please also see our apps2sd tag-wiki , where alternatives are listed along . note however that those alternatives require root access on the device . methods like link2sd are able to move the entire app ; data2sd and simple2ext can even move its data .
your concern is very real . most developers and users do not understand the benefits of using ssl and other forms of encryption . you can guarantee encryption by using an ssh tunnel , although it will only ensure the stream is encrypted to the exit point ( which would be the server to which you are connected ) . this is good if you are simply trying to prevent your isp from spying on you . another way would be to use torproject 's orbot . this has the same idea in mind , except you will not be required to provide your own tunneling server and benefit from being able to change your exit point at will . orbot also uses multiple proxies to help obfuscate your identity . of course , you are encouraged to help participate and provide a relay if at all possible . in order to have 100% stream encryption , neither of these options are fool-proof , but may help you in your endeavor . this is why it is important ( especially now ) to use different passwords for different sites , as some sites/services will not provide the same level of security as another . ssl on a public wifi , while still much much more secure than non encrypted streams , does not provide 100% failsafe protection . unfortunately , root certificate authorities are vulnerable to hacks , and some ( trustwave ) have even been caught issuing certificates to companies they knew were not the owners of the website specifically to allow said companies to spy on encrypted connections . it is also easy to strip ssl out in applications that do not require secure connections . you do , however , have a few options that will provide you with stronger security . you can use gpg to encrypt messages and data using your intended target 's public key . one pass encryption has the highest level of security for certain applications . tldr ; your phone is insecure . it is up to you to decide what conveniences you need , and how they will impact your security . there are many practices in which you can become disciplined that will help minimize your risks , but at the end of the day it is your responsibility to safeguard what you deem private . i would be more worried about the data that each app you have installed is trying to offload to it is servers . read through the ' permissions ' of each app you install before you download it , and decide if it really needs half of what it says it does .
there is nothing that forces the use of https for android applications . some data may not make sense to transfer over https , instead relying on other mechanisms ( say , gpg key signature checks ) to verify the data .
no . android 's not like a desktop gnu/linux distro , where you can press i to get an interactive boot , or skip x and just boot to a shell . the only way to achieve this would be to build your own custom rom after editing the init scripts ( which have much the same function as on a desktop gnu/linux system ) to tailor the boot process how you like .
if you are able to root your device or install alternative android distro ( clockworkmod ) , you might have options available : rooting device : i am not sure if android root image allows modification ( read-write file system ) . if yes , you probably could edit the boot scripts to allow enabling your system modifications . or moving the init process ( not sure what that is in android ) away and replacing it with your own init program that after enabling your modifications would exec() the original init ( init is the first process ( with pid 1 ) that is run by unixy operating systems ) . using alternative android distro ( assuming cwn ) . if you can run cwn in your device , you could study how to build your own image and modify it for your needs . beyond the step of rooting or installing/running alternative image , gaining shell access , i have the impression that - once you determine which road to take - you could have better luck in getting the specifics ( boot script locations and the way they operate , help with creating your own cwn image ) answered at stackexchange-url
you can find a detailed guide with screenshots and all here . it is done with odin . step 1: install odin v1.85 on your computer then download and unrar the lite'ning rom rar file . step 2: make sure that your phone is in usb debugging mode : settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging . step 3: reboot your phone into download mode . to do so : turn the device off , then power it on again by pressing and holding the volume down + home + power on simultaneously . step 4: start odin . step 5: connect the phone to your computer using the usb cable . step 6: wait a few seconds , the odin screen will show that a device is now connected . . . added ! ! make sure that in odin nothing is checked , except the " auto reboot " and " f . reset time " checkboxes . press the " pda " button , and select the md5 file . press " start " . odin will now flash the lite'ning rom , after flashing your phone should reboot . step 7: done ! now you have a fully rooted sgs ii with the lite'ning rom installed !
i think i have found the solution . check this link . it is a hack and it requires a phone to be rooted , but it does allow you to use alphanumeric password for encryption and pin for screen unlock .
if you have remote wipe enabled ( assuming it still works with encrypted device ) , the pin may not secure your device forever , but it may do so long enough to give you time to wipe your device .
if you are trying to crack the disk encryption , independent of the rest of the device in a scenario where you have a powered off device , or just the memory chips , then this is a different attack vector than that used on a powered-on password protected device where the decryption key may be held in memory ( leading to vulnerabilities used by things like the firewire encryption key stealers prevalent on pcs using older fde encryption software and not a tpm-type module ) , or the unlock screen could be brute-forced ( or have its own vulnerabilities ) . if you are attacking the disk directly then in this case you are not attacking the 4-digit pin or user password that is encrypting the device , what you are attacking is the 128 bit aes key : the master key is a 128 bit number created by reading from /dev/urandom . it is encrypted with a hash of the user password created with the pbkdf2 function from the ssl library . the footer also contains a random salt ( also read from /dev/urandom ) used to add entropy to the hash from pbkdf2 , and prevent rainbow table attacks on the password . from point 4 under " enabling encryption on the device " of the notes on the implementation of encryption in android 3.0 that you linked to . ( was going to be a comment but ended up far too long )
you can use this command on a root shell to change the encryption password : su -c vdc cryptfs changepw &lt;new_password&gt;  where &lt;new_password&gt; should be replaced by your password . source : http://nelenkov.blogspot.be/2012/08/changing-androids-disk-encryption.html
one possible solution for this is to use whispercore , but it requires you to root your device . i have also filled a feature request at the android project page .
by using a password/phrase vs four digit pin , you are increasing the security of your device . the trick of it is , even by having a four character password , you have just increased your security for two reasons : you have increased the available characters . you have taken away the attackers knowledge of your pw length . if an attacker knows your password is 14 characters , it is more secure than a four or eight character password , but typical statistics use ranges ( 1-4 , 1-8 , 1-14 ) and not the reality ( which would be simply calculating one length 's available combinations ) . currently , it is simply way to easy to access your phone 's data . your grandmother has the capability of doing so ( no offense to you or your family :p ) . so , while you are right that there are limitations of this encryption , the ' broken ' version works a lot better than non-encrypted data currently practiced . it is up to you to judge how sensitive and private your data is , as well as how much of a target you are for such data to be stolen . choosing an appropriate password is your responsibility once you have assessed these risk .
appereantly , you have to define an " access point name " in order for your mobile data to work . in settings => wireless and networks => mobile networks => access point names => menu => new apn the settings vary by operator , you can find the israeli ones here .
as long as your tablet is running android 4.1 or newer then there are a number of music players that can put player controls in the notification area on your device . this is so that you can just access the notification bar while you are running another app , without exiting the original app . i have not got a screenshot handy of how it looks on a tablet , but here 's an example of one on a phone : try searching the play store for something like mp3 notification bar controls
i had to use fastboot oem lock on my galaxy nexus . at my unlocked device i could not see the filesystem in explorer ( mtp ) .
from this xda thread by albundy2010 i have seen quite of few people screw up their devices by not knowing what they are doing . so i am making this thread to simply tell people not familiar with fastboot what they should and should not do . fastboot oem unlock will unlock your bootloader and do a complete wipe of your device . as far as i know the only way for something to go wrong here is if you are device is low on battery and shuts off during the process . either plug it in or have a " good " amount of juice left in your battery . to be 100 percent sure plug it in . before i get into oem lock imho you should only use this command for one thing only . getting the device ready to send into motorola for the lgt upgrade or a another warranty repair or some sort . when done properly it is completely safe but there is no reason to do to go back to " stock " . fastboot oem lock . do not issue this command unless you are absolutely sure you have the correct software on your device . the correct software is what you get from the motodev site for your device . you need the official sofware images for your specific device and region . if it is not released then do not re-lock the device . if you have a ota installed you will need to flash back to the motodev images first .
simply put , fastboot oem lock puts your bootloader into a mode that prevents you from overwriting your recovery image , without a subsequent fastboot oem unlock . this serves as a security precaution , primarily where the default recovery and firmware is installed . because : the default recovery will only allow manufacturer/google signed firmware to be installed and does not allow you to do much of anything else . unlocking the bootloader will erase all data . . . . . you can rest assured that , under this configuration , no one can take your phone and , say , bypass a screen lock by installing a custom firmware where the security considerations are different . note that as this merely locks in your recovery , and then again only from bootloader-overwrites , this is most useful where the recovery is stock , and the installed rom is an official one that has no security vulnerabilities . this is important because in most recoveries , and in some roms , there are ways to clandestinely access data via usb , bypass security settings with fixed button presses or unpatched backdoors , or install custom recoveries .
you can use kaiten mail , an advanced version of k-9 mail . it supports multiple imap , pop3 , exchange 2003/2007 ( via webdav ) ; but not exchange activesync . when you reply to a message , you can change the sender . if you click on the header ( email address ) , a " send as " dialog will popup .
k-9 mail allows to choose the " from " mail address when composing a message ( or replying to a received message ) . click the " from " address field and a pop-up menu will appear which allows you to choose the appropriate account . k-9 supports pop/imap/exchange ( via webdav ) accounts . pictures for illustration compose window : account chooser :
please use the settings below for your outlook . com account .
i manually setup an exchange activesync account with the following settings :
technically no , the relationship is not linear . milliamp-hours ( or amp-seconds , coulombs , or any other similar unit ) is a measurement of electrical charge , not of electrical energy . as with all common batteries , the voltage is not constant while the battery is being discharged . assuming your phone was drawing as much power as it could the whole time , the current would be constant ; coupled with the fluctuating voltage this means that the energy drain from the battery is not linear . essentially this means that the first 1650 mah drained from a 2000 mah battery will not comprise proportionally the same energy drain as the last 350 mah , meaning that the battery capacity affects the battery life in a nonlinear fashion . for your purposes it should give you a more or less linear boost , however . it depends how much current your phone draws at any given time but you can expect an approximate 20% boost in battery life on a full charge . i would suspect slightly less than 20% due to the tail end of the battery being longer ( more charge stored in the battery after the voltage has dropped too low for the phone to use it ) but i do not know for sure .
the first android version of the moto x was android 4.2.2 jelly bean . as a consequence you can downgrade your moto x until android 4.2.2 only , not ice cream sandwich ( android 4.0 . x ) .
the full guide can be found here but i have included the steps below in case that page is not available . note : all of your personal information , data , accounts and so on will be deleted so make sure you have a backup on your computer android sdk must be installed : learn how to install android sdk on windows , or learn how to set up adb on mac os x / linux . also , on the same computer the moto x drivers must be installed . download the rsdlite app from here . save the file on your computer . also , install the program . get the moto x stock android os from this page . on your computer , unzip the downloaded update file . then , from the folder that will be created right click on the file with . xml extension . select “open with” followed by “notepad” or any other xml editor from your computer . find the following string and delete it : “step operation=”getvar” var=”max-download-size” . save and close the notepad window . open the rsdlite program on your computer . take your moto x and connect your phone with the pc via usb cord . on your pc now open a command prompt window ( start -> run -> cmd ) . on the cmd window type : adb reboot bootloader . your phone will be rebooted in fastboot mode . from rdslite , click on the three-dot browse file button and select the . xml file . up next , click on “start” . wait while the process is running on don’t press anything else . when the firmware is successfully installed you will be able to unplug the usb cord . good ; now reboot your smartphone .
lots of screens are cracked and they still work . mine has had two cracks in it for over a year . at first i put thin non glossy mending tape on each crack . it was unnecessary no glass sticks out on it though i can feel them with a fingernail , so i just leave it bare . for anything worse and still working you might use a screen protector , which i would certainly do if the alternative was getting cuts on my fingers . would be interesting what your experience actually was as has been several months since you posted .
the instructions i have followed in the link above do the job . the solution to my two problems listed above was : replace this micro/mini usb to usb adapter http://www.bestbuy.com/site/rocketfish%26%23153%3b+-+1.5%27+usb+cable/1000247.p?id=1218207305639skuid=1000247st=rf-cc1mccp=1lp=1 . . . with this one : http://www.bestbuy.com/site/rocketfish%26%23153%3b+mobile+-+micro+usb+data+transfer+cable/2077196.p?id=1218308698225skuid=2077196st=rocketfish%20micro%20usb%20cp=1lp=3 it sounds weird but trust me do not get micro usb to usb adapter from the first link . you will not be able to access the kindle fire as a storage device , guaranteed .
to add to @mattthew ' s comment , even if you move the apps to sd card part of them always reside inside internal memory . also the system needs to know what apps are installed , apps like market need to know about them . so , no they will not work after factory reset . for big games like from gameloft the extra data you downloaded from inside the game will work though . i do not know what will happen to this with the new market policy of allowing upto 4gb files .
my assumption would be you need to install some kind of language package , buy a phone from the country of origin for that language , or convert the files back to english language . when i go to settings > language and keyboard and look at the languages i can only choose from english and spanish . so to install another language search the market for it like so , " russian language pack " . install and go back to the language place in settings and select it . then see if you can play the files . if that does not work you are going to have to try the other two options .
the samsung galaxy s2 officially supports usb otg . it seems it has a special adapter .
yes and kinda . you are talking about usb on the go ( otg ) and android is capable of it but it is not officially supported . i could not find any apps in the app market that handle it but here are a couple people that got it working : http://sven.killig.de/android/n1/2.2/usb_host/ ( this guy basically turned his nexus one into a whole work station ) http://www.tombom.co.uk/blog/?p=124 that second tutorial tells you to hack a cable but you can actually buy an otg cable so this is not necessary . also , i have seen some phones claim they are going to come out with usb otg a while ago but i do not recall anything ever materializing .
after rooting you will still be left with stock android just with elevated privileges as you have said . remember , your data will be wiped , so i would recommend doing a backup first ! if a new os update comes along you will not be able to install via the normal over the air method , but you can still download the update manually and flash it via twrp . if you take a look here you can see all the other things you gain by rooting .
most rooting method will also install recovery rom . having a custom recovery is important in rooted phones because rooting enabled ways to potentially destroy your phone in a way totally unrecoverable by root privilege alone . recovery allows you to bail out if anything goes wrong .
the most comprehensive list i have seen its available on the rootcloak website , towards the bottom . . . http://repo.xposed.info/module/com.devadvance.rootcloak
the bookmarks would be synced to google servers if the browser is signed in . then try clearing the cache of the app . uninstall any updates to the app to see if that is causing the issue . if it still crashes , clear the app data , but if the bookmarks are not synced they will be erased
the only right advise here is to download an app with the same functionality but that does not grants itself this permission . developers sometimes grant their apps permission their app in fact does not need . if you are aware and you do not agree with this trend , the only thing you can do is not download such apps . or even better , you can consider contacting the developer of the application and ask him why this permission is required . maybe they are not aware of the fact and are very willing to remove the permission if they can please their users with it . a to-do list should not have the permission to send sms messages , if i see a to-do app that requires this permission myself , i would just look for another app to use .
try running " sudo adb devices " . or , fix your udev rules so that the usb device is writable by your user ( see the link in caffinatedmonkey 's comment )
this is most likely due to a licensing issue . you should uninstall swype and then use the swype installer to install it again .
you do not say anything about what phone or android version you currently have . but android 4.2 includes now a swype-like gestual typing keyboard . there is a downloadable version for you to install , if your phone supports it . try out the new android 4.2 keyboard now !
this happens when you use link2sd or apps2sd and move either the swype app or the swype installer app to your sd card . to fix it , move the installer and swype back to the phone and reboot . i found some of this information on http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1042241 the rest i figured out by trying things .
open my files on the browser and once there clip them in evernote . myjad android contact recovery scans all the stored contacts in your android phone and sd cards and recover them to your computer local for different purposes . watch video demo : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sa5gjmjdvx8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7kfp1jz5_1k
as stated in the comments under the question , opera mobile acts in a much more sensible manner , creating a new tab for each link clicked . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.opera.browser
you need to install apps that are classified as " accessibility apps " . the most used ones are part of the eyes-free suite ( talkback , kickback , soundback , accessibility preferences , eyes-free shell , talking dialer , rock lock , walky talky , intersection explorer ) , plus several useful 3rd party apps such as ideal web reader , ideal magnifier , and k9 mail . more info - https://eyes-free.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/documentation/android_access/enabling.html
if you are interested in today 's calendar events i have had good results with smooth calendar . you can configure it to show only events in the next 24 hours . if you are looking for an easy to use to do list application with widgets that show only today 's tasks , i recommend my app maniana to list . both are free and ad free .
i use astrid for all my task/todo management . it has a widget which is the exact same size as the calendar widget ( 2x2 ) , and when you create it , you can choose to only include certain tasks using a variety of criteria , among which is tasks due today . it is also open source , ad-free , and syncs with google tasks , as well as a couple others .
colornote 's " today 2x2" widget will do this , but it unfortunately does not sync with google tasks . you can also do this using a combination of the pure calendar widget ( well worth the $1.99 for all the display options it gives you ) and one of the many task applications it works with ( i use dato gtasks , which syncs with google tasks ) . just make sure to set the search period to 1 day in the calendar tab ( you do not have to select a calendar , it works just fine with only a task service enabled ) .
try any . do . it is an normal task app with nice style , and the widget is only showing tasks for today , also several sizes are available .
you do not need to use 3rd party things like a swap partition or zramswap . 512mb ram was/is still standard and will be sufficent for almost all scenarios most probably for some time ( at least for android 4.0 and 4.1 , see this cyanogenmod forum post ) . ( you stated in the comments that your xperia active has 512mb ram ) longer version : to begin with , " rom " is basically a false name for the system partition and means read-only-memory ( it is most of the time mounted read-only , hence " rom" ) , this sits most probably on some kind of nand flash . ram ( random-access-memory ) is ' working ' memory that is really fast but volatile in comparison to nand flash . both types are needed ( fast vs . persistent ) and cannot be interchanged . at least not completely ( you could add a swap partition on custom roms . ) at first : do not use the internal memory as swap ! flash storage ( nand ) has only about 10.000 write cycles . better use your sdcard for it . see this guide on xda for the pro 's and con 's and howto do it . if you just want to play around and wonder if you could do something useful with the free space on your /data partition : do not do it . leave it the way it is . here 's a basic picture illustrating a regular architecture .
go to this thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1659231 and follow instructions carefully . if you don´t know what you´re doing , don´t do it ! you´re welcome :- ) )
there are two ways to apply and use swap on your device , using a swap file or using a swap partition . this guide provides instructions for both of them . disable compcache first step is to confirm the status or presence of the compressed cache , thus ensuring that it is disabled . while cyanogenmod does not enable compcache support on all devices , and by default if available it comes disabled , you can check the status by accessing :  Settings \xbb CyanogenMod settings \xbb Performance settings \xbb Compcache  if it does not show , your device does not support compcache . if it show , disable it to use swap instead . using swap ( file or partition ) swap can give more available memory than compcache , but you need at least a class 6 sd card to prevent slow access times . you should also be aware that sd write wear is increased , so , the card will last less than usual would last . using a swap file this is the easiest way , you can have an app creating and managing the swap file for you : here 's three recommended apps for this : swapper 2 swapper droidswap using a swap partition you can manually create a swap partition , but for that to happen , you need to backup your sd card contents ; format , and partition it . the swap partition does bring better compatibility , when compared with swap files , but only concerning the connection of your phone as an usb mass storage device . sd card partitioning the method of reference if the use of minitool partition wizard home edition , compatible with windows 2000/xp/vista and windows 7 . download and install minitool partition wizard ; remove the sd card from your device , insert into usb sd card reader . windows should report a new drive and you should see the drive contents . delete old partitions on sd card : notes : operations are queued , not instantly applied . so nothing is deleted and changed until you click " apply " and then confirm by clicking " ok " . confirm that you are selecting and flagging to delete the correct drive . your sd card should be the smallest one present on your computer . select it , with a right mouse click , select " delete": create fat or fat32 partition : right mouse click over the sd card unallocated space , and click " create": from " create as " , select : PRIMARY from " file system " , select : for sd card bellow 2gb : FAT for sd card above 2gb : FAT32 under " size and location " , at the right side , mouse left click and hold , then slide to the left to adjust the space for this partition . create ext2 or ext3 or swap partition : right mouse click over the sd card unallocated space , and click " create": from " create as " , select : PRIMARY from " file system " , select : for app2sd : ext2 for swap : Linux Swap apply changes now that all has been created , you just need to apply and confirm the changes : on the top left , there is a button labeled " apply " , press it : a confirmation popup should be presented , press " yes": all done , your sd card can now return to your phone . if your current rom is capable of using swap , it will detect and use it . notes please read everything carefully before proceeding . as mentioned by t0mm13b in the comments to your question , this subject as been covered , and the cyanogenmod team informs that this features are disabled by default due to potential issues : swap and compressed cache ( compcache ) are optional memory management systems . by default , these schemes are disabled due to potential issues with some configurations . credits to : cyanogenmod wiki - swap and compcache xda developers forum - sd card partitioning
the galaxy s plus i9001 looks like the i9000 however it has completely different internals : side by side comparison at gsmarena . com different cpu ( 1.4ghz qualcomm snapdragon vs . 1ghz samsung hummingbird ) different gpu ( adreno vs powervr ) different baseband modules ( the i9001 has faster hsdpa ) better battery , less internal space ( 512mb vs 2gb for the i9000 ) most importantly , the i9000 is well supported while the i9001 's community support is rather poor . there is no official cm port for it . see the i9001 's forum at xda-developers.com. regarding the approaches : yes , you can use the same tools and your knowledge for the i9000 . just not the same rom downloads .
you can hack the screenlock password by typing this from terminal : $ adb shell $ rm /data/system/gesture.key 
use android device manager to get past your password , then you will be able to access menus and change the language .
this may help i have test moto g 1 . open message 2 . choose attach option on right side options ( picture , capture picture , videos , capture video , audio , record audio and slideshow ) . 3 . choose capture video/videos , if choose video then we have send small video otherwise its not selected . 4 . then last send mms .
this is how i solved a similar issue i had on my phone . since the contacts in question were synced through a gmail account , i went in my contacts and exported all of them to make a backup . then i restored my contacts via the menu ( more > restore contacts . . . ) to a day before the one on which i believed to have deleted the contact . the restore points go back to 30 days maximum . from there i could import the backup i had downloaded earlier to merge with the freshly restored contacts .
your mentioning of busybox use let 's me assume your device ( s ) is/are rooted , so you could give the wireless mac changer a try . did not try it myself , though , as i have no need to ; )
for the images , you should ramp up the " size to retrieve " value . most images are in the ten or hundreds of kilobytes . for the sync- the first thing you should try is -- from the homescreen , menu> settings> accounts and sync> and ensure that sync is enabled for the email client . -however- you may not have a version of the stock email client that supports the exchange push protocol . ( such a thing used to exist , although i am fairly sure all stock mail clients support exchange , nowadays ) or else , you may need to remove the account and manually re-add it as an account that uses " exchange " - hth !
when you are about to start android app development , you should not stick to the ' old ' gingerbread version . of course you will still use many things introduced in android 2.3 and older , so most of the tutorials still work . this is very important , because even if you target api level 15 , you need to care about backward compatibility ! as an unexperienced developer , later android versions help you writing better apps . for example android 3+ applications forces developers to use asynctasks for networking services , so your application does not freeze on network issues .
it will only show up if you open up an application that will use the gps for something . for example just open up google maps . if you want to know if you left the gps activated , just slide the notification panel and at the top you will have the toggle buttons , one of them is the gps .
if you know the name of the movie , you can do a lookup with imdb .
the steps you will have to take to restore to original state ( stock ) if you are rooted unroot using z4root ( if you are rooted ) you may not even have to do this with flashing the stock rom . download the stock rom for the defy http://and-developers.com/sbf:defy you will need rdslite to flash , and afaik , you can only flash the uk version as 2.51 builds cannot downgrde . you will need to search the internet for rdslite as it is a proprietary software used internally at motorola . extract the zip so you have an sbf file get the phone in the bootloader plug in the phone to usb open rds lite and browse for the sbf file click on the defy and click start you can probably find more detailed instructions , but this is the " basics " on doing it .
provided you have not rooted your phone or changed the kernel , a simple factory reset will do what you require . tap settings . scroll down and tap privacy . tap factory data reset . tap reset phone .
taken from here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=811457 this hack ( http://c-skills.blogspot.com/2010/07/android-trickery.html ) is almost universal . i have compiled and tested a version for x10 mini . download : exploid_x10mini . zip download and extract the archive . you will need adb from android sdk and usb drivers for x10 mini ( part of sony ericsson pc companion ) . enable usb debugging on the phone in settings> applications> development and connect the phone to pc via usb . add the power control widget to your active widgets on the phone , so you can quickly turn off and on the wi-fi function . from the command line ( on windows it is cmd . exe ) : cd c:\exploid_x10mini ( or another folder where you have extracted the files from exploid_x10mini . zip ) adb push Superuser.apk /sdcard/Superuser.apk adb push su /sdcard/su adb push exploid /sqlite_stmt_journals/exploid adb push busybox /sqlite_stmt_journals/busybox adb shell cd sqlite_stmt_journals chmod 755 exploid chmod 755 busybox immediately after the next command , you will need to disable and enable the wi-fi using the power widget on the phone : ./exploid then run : rootshell and enter password rootnow prompt will change to # - now we have root . enter the following to make it permanent : ./busybox cp /sdcard/Superuser.apk /system/app/ ./busybox cp /sdcard/su /system/bin/ ./busybox cp busybox /system/bin/ chmod 4755 /system/bin/su rm /system/bin/rootshell exit - out of rootshell exit - out of adb shell verification : when you run the abd shell again and issue su command , the superuser . apk will run on the phone and will ask whether to allow the root permissions . . .
it appears that you can do it with superoneclick . see here for details .
i use quicksshd . it costs $1.50 us but is worthwhile for me because it gives command line access as well as full root filesystem access . does require root .
ftpserver is very good , swiftp is another option . i believe they are both in the market .
i use wifi file explorer . it is for accessing ( and moving , etc ) files on your phone , nothing else , but it does it wonderfully .
your google research is correct . there is an order . root → unlock bootloader → install custom recovery ( twrp or cwm ) → backup current rom → install custom rom ( cyanogenmod or aosp etc ) . without being rooted and having bootloader unlocked , you will not be able to install recovery and custom room . that is why it needs to be done first . cyanogenmod is pre-rooted . so you do not have to do it again once it is installed . initial rooting of your current rom and installing recovery is only one time process . you can then backup/restore the roms using the recovery of your choice ( twrp/cwm ) . assuming you have rooted/installed custom recovery , make sure to backup current rom should anything go wrong . also wipe data/cache/dalvik cache before installing the new custom rom . there is usually a hardware combination button to access recovery menu or you can issue reboot recovery command from terminal .
remove the google-account from your android system ( sync settings ) , than add it again . after that , go into your contacts and refresh / resync your contacts . now take a look at your calendar , it should be fixed now
" tomsawyer_2112 hey guys , i had to clear the calendar data for the bday to show on my calendar . this is what i did , go to settings-applications-manage applications , then select calendar storage then " delete data " . after doing this the screen ( htc evo ) will reboot ( white screen with the htc logo ) . after clearing the data , go to the calendar setting and add the bbay . hope this work for you . " source : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/android/thread?tid=58d284f1a1f36866hl=en
with ssl you are using the rsa public/private key pairs to securely exchange the encrypt/decrypt key for a much simpler encryption algorithm . the rsa keys are used so you can start with the bare minimum of knowledge of each other . the public key of the ssl cert of the server needs to be signed by someone you already trust . those are stored in the trusted root store . most browsers ship with all the well known ones . if they are not trusted , you will get asked to trust them , which is probably what you are getting asked , and then to store it , so it is now ' trusted ' and they do not have to ask again .
i went into settings -> location and security ( on droid , security on the evo ) -> use secure credentials , and entered the credential storage password . then i was no longer prompted for this password when selecting the wifi network .
try a usb2 ( instead of usb3 ) port : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2077799#6 do you have a sony ? http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1696320 check your command : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1851811#5
the network info contained in wpa_supplicant . conf is not enough for associating ( connecting ) to a network . it only provides ssid and its crypto suite . in order to connecting to a network , the device needs more info to learn by scanning them . the scan is a must step for connecting .
ok so i am going to take a small leap here and assume you were trying to root your device . here is what you need to know : soft-brick symptoms you can immediately tell that you have a soft-bricked phone if it turns on but does not really ' turn on ' . you will see some kind of boot loader screen that will prompt you to connect your phone to your computer and start a transfer . sometimes a soft-brick will look like a hard-brick ( see below ) , in this case you can plug your device into your computer and see if you can connect to it . if you can connect to it and transfer over a new rom , then your device is soft-bricked . what is it ? this word is actually miss used all over the internet . when a device is ' bricked ' , that means that the system can boot up but it can not launch the operating system because it has been erased/corrupted . a soft-bricked device is actually not the worst thing in the world , all you have to do is flash it with a new rom and you are good to go ! make sure the rom you are trying to flash the device with goes with the exact device . ' close ' only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades . hard-brick symptoms you can tell that a device is hard-bricked if you try to turn it on or charge it and you get no response . if you cannot launch the boot loader with the special combination ( usually power button along with up volume and menu button ) then it is probably a hard-brick . make sure you have determined that your power source and your battery are functioning properly before you jump to this conclusion . what is it ? a device that is hard bricked is almost useless . there is almost nothing you can do to get it back unless you have professional experience in hardware hacking . basically what you need to do is make your own ' jig ' that flashes the device rom with a new boot loader . once the boot loader is flashed , then you have your backdoor . you can then boot up the phone and flash it . i will be completely honest with you , you have 2 options if your device has been hard-bricked : try to get a new one through your warranty ( which is now void ) on your device if it is not expired . if you try to do this and you get caught you will have to pay the full price of the device and your carrier will get very angry with you . if you get away with it , you have a new phone and the phone carriers get to sell your phone as a refurbished phone . pay someone to j-tag it for you . depending on which device you have , it can cost as low as $40 . i do not recommend this method because if they decide that they want to keep your phone ( especially if you are shipping to canada or asia ) there is nothing you can do and you are sol with no phone and $40 missing out of your pocket . the internet is full of people with your exact same problem . a quick google search will give you answers to most of your questions . for samsung device users specifically samsung devices can usually be forced into download mode using a jig . they are pretty simple and cheap to make . if your device has been soft-bricked this will almost always work . if your device is hard-bricked this method will not work , i have tried .
open joined contact > menu button > mark as default > chose account , name , phone . thats all .
no it doesnt trigger knox and try another computer to fix the connection error , happened to me
yes . it is possible to flash android devices under linux . the fact is that android does not need drivers - both adb and fastboot use libusb and talk to the devices directly . your main concern should be finding compatible fastboot binary - some oems use proprietary fastboot extensions to handle certain functions . obviously you can not expect to be able to follow the windows tutorial under linux . fortunately for you unrevoked ( the tool used in the tutorial you linked ) has a linux version as well .
well that is really not the solution . solution is to fix this issue , please ! why is it so hard to get the alt-gr to work ? still the same issue in android 4.1.2 .
i have found the solution some time ago . the app external keyboard helper pro makes it work correctly .
turns out it was the micro-usb cable i was using to connect the kindle to my laptop . once i found my uber quality asus cable , progress began . . . now the os atleast properly detecting the device , and loading it as a mass usb storage device . dmesg : however , adb devices now gave : List of devices attached ???????????? no permissions  to get adb to properly list the device , and be able to connect to it , please see this solution on so : stackexchange-url
there are really only 2 tool tips that you dismiss . you had be better off finding a tutorial or video to teach her .
my list of recent destinations is indeed what it says . you can " star " a location on the map , and then under navigation there is a panel for " starred " destinations .
a simple solution is to use the free app airdroid to transfer files over your wifi network directly to your tablet . all you have to do is install it on your phone/tablet , enable it , and then visit the device 's ip address and port number from your web browser . you can then browse the device 's file system and transfer files over 4 gb with no issues . the only downside is that the speed of the transfer is dictated by the speed of your wifi network and especially your device 's connection to it . generally i have found it to take about 1.3x as long on my 2013 nexus 7 when compared to a usb 2.0 transfer . hope this helps anyone who comes across this question as it is more of a layman 's answer .
according to android . com : browse the files and folders on your android device , add folders , copy files up to 4gb to or from your mac , delete files , and more . as a workaround , install an ftp server on your mac , and transfer the file via wi-fi or mobile data . or , via adb pull ( adb pull /storage/sdcard0/ dir here ﻿ ) using the android sdk . source .
use adb uninstall org.openintents.filemanager .
edit : when i saw the comment to commonsware answer i did not realize it was the same as the asker . . . anyways , a little explanation may be useful for somebody . as yourself commented , the easiest way to uninstall a system app is plainly to delete the .apk file . the adb install / adb uninstall commands are useful for regular apps , not system apps . since this apk is located in /system/app , adb uninstall will not remove it . you can use the command suggested ( rm /system/app/YourApp.apk ) , but before the /system folder need to have write access . you will need to see how to remount /system in your specific device , try searchig for " android remount +rw /system" and your device ) . alternatively , you may use any app that can do both deletion and remounting and has root access , such as root explorer and astro
when manually deleting application from /system remember to delete their corresponding data folder in /data/data/«identifier» there is also a track of the previous apk signature in /data/system/packages . xml that can prevent a reinstall of a rebuilt package with a different key .
the ' Failure' problem has more to do with the adb shell appending a dos line ending ^m ( on centos linux anyway ) . put the list of applications to uninstall in a file and copy to the android device directly .
what you want to achieve is working perfectly fine e.g. with locus maps , as i can say from my own experience . you can even use kmz files − and if they are self-contained ( i.e. . all pictures etc . are inside the file , no external resources linked ) , you can even create your own travel guides ( i did that , works like a charm ) . the offline maps can be selected and downloaded for free from inside the app as well .
an app whose package name is com.example.app has its data files in /data/data/com.example.app . this applies to pre–jelly bean systems , and to the first user on jelly bean systems . for other users on jelly bean systems , user 1 has the data files for com.example.app in /data/user/1/com.example.app , and so on . reading another app 's data files can only be done on a rooted phone . even then , you need an app that is designed to work with root access . see the rooting tag wiki , and how do i root my android device ? for more info , but bear in mind that rooting will void your warranty .
i believe you need the stock recovery , based on http://2chnull.info/r/smartphone/1292830738/801-900 . you can get back to stock recovery easily , for example follow this thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=884093
you should not need to restart after freezing an app . once you freeze the app , it should disappear from the apps drawer .
freezing an app is similar to uninstalling it , in that it will not be able to run ( whether by the user wanting to load it or via any intents ) . however , since it is frozen and not actually uninstalled , it does still take up space . if you freeze a system app , you may have to reboot your phone . this usually is not needed , but sometimes your home screen app may have a problem with a system app missing . whether or not you reboot , though , the system app is frozen and will not be able to run . a user app , however , can be frozen without needing a reboot .
no , the droidx can not run custom kernels . " it is still impossible to flash custom kernels on the droid x , but the rom developer community has matured to a point where they’re able to make great things happen on this phone without having to rely on changes to the kernel . "
i am not familiar with google now , because i do not use it . but if it is getting the data from the calendar , then it is possible to create an email notification . you can also set this via google calendar web app .
you should be able to long-press on the text , and select view message details , this should give you the actual phone number it was sent from . with this in hand you can go through your phone book and double-check that it is not anyone you know . if it is not then you should be able to contact your service provider and ask them to block messages from that number . also , many automated text services that use short message codes to send are set to remove you from their list if you reply with just the word STOP in a text message .
you might want to take a look at scriptmanager : manage and execute shell scripts and programs in file system . all executions run over vt100 terminal accepting user input and esc codes ( colors , bel , cursor movement . . ) run them at boot-up and/or on network status change possibility . schedule at selected time . ( cron jobs ) alternatively , tasker can be used as well to execute scripts ( and other tasks ) at certain events – as , e.g. , on boot .
you must change the format of the file to mpg or mp4 for example : filename . dat change to filename . mpg .
you do not have to convert it . just rename its extension into . mpg using a file manager . then , play it in mx player . i have done it before , and it worked .
use vplayer video player or buzz player . unlike astro file manager , if your file manager does not support custom extension handler , open . dat file with Open As.. option and choose video . from pop-up , choose player app . if Open As.. option is also not available , rename the extension of file to avi or mpg . generally , all file managers handle these extensions . just make sure there is no default video player set to take over the file opening and choose player app from list .
mx player is the best for . dat video files .
try dolphin player . it can play mpeg1 file format ( = vcd ) , but cannot choose audio channel if the file is bilingual .
cx media player will help you to play * . dat ( vcd ) files
try changing the extension to . mpg . this works on windows .
download file manager ( explorer ) from play store and also download mx player , , , , now , open the file manager app and locate your file . click on it and open it in mx player .
in latest swype beta ( version 1.0.3.5809 ) , there is an option Personal Dictionary in swype settings . it is an easy gui way to manage swype user dictionary .
so far , it seems like this dictionary has eluded people all over . there are a few things that have worked for most people as far as getting swype under control . to delete a single word , type it using swype , highlight it ( by clicking or double clicking the word ) , and press the swype key ( button with " info " icon ) to add a word , type it very carefully letter by letter and press the swype key to save it to the dictionary to batch add multiple words to the dictionary ( this has been tested and worked ) , type the words you wish to add in a text document ( either on your phone or on your computer and then view it on your phone ) . highlight the block of text and push the swype key . this should add every word in the block to the dictionary .
if you are getting this screen , that means your android has booted into " recovery mode " .
you could try to boot into recovery by holding down power down + home button ( if existing ) then you can do a factory reset . ( will wipe all your data butaybe fix you problem )
there is another service run by a forensics company called viaforensics : appwatchdog . apps have a hard time there getting certified for being " absolutely secure " -- so do not get scared if you see only few green check marks , check the details as well ; most times a yellow mark is still fine at least for private users .
have a look on http://www.appoozle.com/ they provide an app and a web information service that allows publishers to justify the permissions their apps require .
while it does not rate the app , privacy inspector can scan the app after you have downloaded it and provide a detailed report .
you have to flash a volume driver . you will get from the link where you downloaded the custom rom . your new custom rom is not supporting the default driver . you can flash the zip file from the app you got by default in a new rom like cmw .
seems to be a common hardware problem on samsung devices . easiest solution is to just install the newest dorimanx kernel for samsung galaxy sii . works for me now . source : this thread here .
this differs from carrier to carrier . some will be sim-locked , some are not . you will have to ask your carrier . it has nothing to do with the os .
you should be able to achieve what you want to do with the help of home2 shortcut . the app is self-explanatory . you can easily use it . if you have enables s voice on double-tap , go into the s voice settings and uncheck the launch svoice box . this will keep s voice from launching when you double tap the home button . open home2 shortcut and configure it to launch the app of your choosing with a double tap of the home button . when you get to the end , after you tap " close " it will ask you to set as default . select home2launcher as the default . read more information here .
i have exactly this problem . there is no gallery locker on the phone . i have removed the thumbnails from the dcim directory , and android has re-scanned the sd card and created three sets of thumbnails : camera , whatsapp and wahtsappvid . but when i view them in gallery , i get the same symptoms as above , with each thumbnail showing as above . if i click on one of these ' blank ' thumbnails , the picture displays ok . if i use mediasee it seems to display all the pictures as thumbnails . perhaps of interest may be that the picture above looks like a motorola defy mini phone , which is what i have got . sorry if this is the wrong way to ask this question , but this is the only post i have seen which shows the problem i have got .
how about using nfc to tell the phone that it should switch itself to driving mode when inserted into the cradle ? you can get nfc stickers for few euro/pounds on ebay . . . , put one to the back of the cradle , setup your phone and off you go :- ) that probably is not what you are looking for but still , it is nice and elegant solution ; - )
link2sd does not move data to your extra partition of sd card . so even when you have linked all apps your internal storage will get filled by app 's data . in lnik2sd click the sort icon and select sort by data size . from there you can see which app uses most data and maybe clear them .
click that applications button . then , long-press and drag whatever icons you want from the list of apps to the drawer . you could drag : people , phone , a browser , and something else .
the format of these files is described in sqlite 's documentation . the db file is the main database and starts with the string "SQLite format 3\000" ( note that \000 is the zero byte or ascii nul ) . the db-journal file is the journal for the database . you only need it if the database was open when you performed the factory reset ( that is , if the app was running and in the middle of writing the database ) . it starts with the following bytes : 0xd9 , 0xd5 , 0x05 , 0xf9 , 0x20 , 0xa1 , 0x63 , 0xd7 .
some twitter apps allow you to " retweet with comment " or " quote and reply " in which case you can remove the original username before retweeting . if your friend chose to do that before retweeting , you will not be able to see the original username . tweetcaster pro has the " retweet with comment " option .
do you mean you want to see which ports are being used on the pc or android device ? you can use the netstat command for this . on windows : netstat -an | find /i "listening" on linux : `netstat -an | grep " listen " ( notice the space after listen ) this shows all the ports that are listening for incoming connection ( i.e. . have a server of some kind behind them ) . if you need to know which server , you can use this on linux : netstat -anp | grep "LISTEN " . do not know about the windows counterpart , but there is a -o switch to print the process id and you can compare it to the ones in task manager .
the wikipedia page on loop devices explains this pretty well . it is basically a " pseudo-device " ( i.e. . a device which does not exist physically ) that allows a file to be treated as a block device ( for example , a hard drive ) . you need support for it because the ubuntu system is stored as a . img file , which is essentially created to be a file representation of a filesystem or disk partition . by mounting it on a loop device you can access the file as though it really was a whole filesystem , thus creating a sort of " virtual " partition ( or disk ) for ubuntu to live on .
in unix-like operating systems , a loop device , vnd ( vnode disk ) , or lofi ( loopback file interface ) is a pseudo-device that makes a file accessible as a block device . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/loop_device basically , it allows you to make your phone think that an image file is a separate storage area/device .
rooting the galaxy attain 4g ( sch-r920 ) on metropcs a step by step tutorial accredit to zhelezaka from http://forum.x-drivers.com/ . requirements : necessary files : all files hosted on my dropbox account ! odin3 v1.85 ; attain rooted update ; attain 4g pit file ; setup : a pc running the windows operating system ; i have used windows 7 the cable to connect your android device to the pc . tutorial : download all files from the " necessary files list " to a folder on your desktop ; extract *odin3_v1.85 . zip* to a folder on your desktop ; locate an open the odin 1.85 . exe to open up odin3 ; if the user account control ( uac ) pops up , accept the execution of the file . click on the pda button . navigate to the location where you downloaded the attain-rooted-update . tar file and select it . click on the pit button . navigate to the the location where you downloaded the attain-4g . pit file and select it . do not forget to extract the file first , since the application only works with the attain-4g . pit file inside the zip you have downloaded . make sure that repartition is unchecked . this is important as checking this will most definitely brick your device ! note that when you select the pit file , it gets checked , you need to uncheck it yourself . power down your device ; with your device switched off , press and hold the volume down + home + power buttons . then press the volume up key to enter the download mode . connect your device to the windows pc . you should see the id:com field light up yellow when you do this ; if this does not happen , it means that you don’t have the necessary drivers installed . you can download samsung kies and install it to rectify this problem . android sdk samsung usb driver your odin3 screen should now look like the picture posted below . again , make sure that the re-partion tickbox is unchecked before you click start ! click on start . note : once odin3 says " pass " and your device reboots , your samsung galaxy attain 4g should be rooted ! ! if you are in doubt though , the usual way to confirm is to download root checker from the google play store or look for the superuser app in the app drawer . useful links : samsung product page gsmarena device specifications
yes it is possible to install apps from pc for your mobile device , even if you do not have a net access . first open google play on your pc through your gmail account connected with your device . then open apk downloader and download the apk extension for your web browser . in the google play store click on the app you want to install in your mobile and then click on the green apk button which will automatically appear on the html bar . you r apk file will begin to download . connect your device to the pc through usb cable and copy the downloaded . apk file in your device . for more information on how to download apk extension please refer to this website . http://apps.evozi.com/apk-downloader/ hope it helps . i do not know how to update via pc . . . but installation can be done like this .
by time being from my knowledge it is not possible to install from play store to android through pc . since play store installs apk to android device only not to pc . you can mange it from pc by signing-in to play store from your pc . when your phone get connected to internet play store installs directly your app or update to phone from this guide you can install/uninstall app from pc to android using following link http://www.wondershare.com/mobile-phone/android-app-installer.html 
there is a java application to do this , which can be found here . it is called the real apk leecher . it works by pretending to be an android device ( you need to configure it with your playstore account data ) , so it connects to the corresponding google services like any other android device with the playstore app installed , let 's you browse the playstore , and download apks . i did not try it out myself , though ; but you might wish to give it a look .
www.mobogenie.com provides a windows based tool called mobogenie that uses your computer 's network traffic to install and update apps in your android phone . you need to connect your phone with the computer , and have a high speed internet connection
i fixed it : i ended up using smartflash to flash stock rom . got the firmware from xda . links : smartflash tools and drivers : http://android.modaco.com/content/lg-optimus-2x-2x-modaco-com/335494/13-apr-smartflash-stock-baseband-release-1035-21-20110405/ firmware : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1035041 steps : download firmware for your location download smartflash tools and drivers connect phone to computer on the s/w upgrade screen - description below let windows install the drivers open smartflash go to " rom copy d/l select cp bin and ap bin files - description below make sure " normal mode " is selected make sure " erase cal data " is unchecked make sure channels and such are matching your phone - you will recognize it select start and wait till it is completed and your phone will be up and running again with stock rom ! cp bin = * . fls file in firmware archive ap bin = * . bin file in firmware archive get into s/w upgrade screen by pulling your battery out , holding the volume down button and plugging your pc cable in . hold the volume down until the s/w upgrade screen appears
there is a zip file that is posted in this video description that you can flash via clockworkmod or your favorite custom recovery that will revert your device completely to stock ( including removing the recovery image and such ) . the video goes through the process step-by-step , for your convenience , but it is basically flashing that file via cwm , and then being happy : ) it also goes through how to unroot , if needed !
this answer is based on comments from niall c . there are 5 phases in the process : select each contact , and then link them when relevant . the goal is to have 1 friend = 1 contact . export the list ( contact > menu > more > import export > to sd card ) , it will work even if you do not have any sd card . transfer the file to a computer ( the file is quite light , even with gpg keys and user pics ) open gmail , backup your contact by exporting them import the vcf file and that is all ! your contacts in gmail have now phone numbers ! do not worry , gmail merge contacts becase their email adress is already known . source : stackexchange-url
this actually sounds just like an issue that would be in motoblur , especially motoblur v1 . this issue may have been fixed in the later releases of motoblur , but initially this was a very buggy product . if you viewed the log that android writes for any errors that occurred with the first version of blur ( which is what is on the backflip ) there are tons of errors that happen at any given moment . it seemed like motorola rushed out the product before they were actually ready .
short answer : no . kernel support is missing . you need to replace the kernel . longer answer - check answer from zuul .
the cyanogenmod team feels that swap does not serve it is purpose on an android device : this question is hotly debated , but you almost definitely do not need swap or compcache . . . you can read all about it at the swap and compcache - cyanogenmod wiki ! to answer you question directly , by default the swap and compcache schemes are disabled , but if you still feel the need to use them , above link provides you with a how-to . so , yes , the cyanogenmod 7.2 supports swap and its usage needs to be activated . the swap and compcache schemes usage depends on the device and its support for it . as a side note , the cyanogenmod 7 . x is gingerbread-based not froyo , as can be read here : after 3 rounds of release candidates , and squashing a few more bugs in the stabilization branch of cyanogenmod 7 , the newest stable iteration of the gingerbread-based cm7 is now being released .
you have to find a dedicated app on the market . each account a linked to sync source , and there are not linked in the contact database . so if you find any application capable of taking all you outlook contact and add it to gmail contact in your phone it will work . another solution could be to make a csv dump of your android contact and import them in the gmail web interface
there are many ways to sync your exchange contacts to gmail . the easiest way is to do this on your computer . this involves exporting your contacts from outlook into a csv file , and then importing that file on https://mail.google.com site . export your outlook contacts to a csv ( comma separated value ) file . steps to do this vary for different outlook versions , so search your outlook 's help for exact instructions pertaining to your particular version ( e . g . outlook 2010 instructions are here . ) in your browser open gmail , and navigate to " contacts " section ( click on the " gmail " to reveal the drop-down . ) on the main contacts screen click on More button and select the Import... option . click the " browse " button in the " choose file to upload " window , and navigate to the folder where you saved the csv file from step 1 . click the " open " button , then select the " import contacts " , and the contents of the csv file should import to your gmail account . either wait a bit , or manually force a sync via Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync screen on your phone .
the process for getting cm on htcs in my experience ( htc sensation , raider , one s , desire z ) has been to : unlock the bootloader , usually via htc dev , after installing only sync drivers flash custom recovery - twrp preferred , but cwm works fine flash superuser zip file for easy root . if that does not work , i can suggest vroot , worked great on an lenovo ascend g610 with little documentation on the web run s-off tool of choice , sometimes terminal based , sometimes it is an easy apk set supercid for easy flashing of other stock roms flash cyanogen and gapps , make sure to clear data before first boot do not try to install custom bootloaders with s-on , as i have bricked an htc hero that was s-on , tried to flash amarulz hboot , and it never started up again . the method above has successfully unlocked all the htc devices first mentioned , without any bricks . to answer your questions , you can not flash a custom recovery because you are s-on . perhaps you cannot get the unlock key for your hboot because it predates htcs unlocking program . my htc hero got an hboot update that required the use of using htcdev to unlock . if you are looking to flash a recovery via adb shell , you will need to use ' dd ' for that .
no . updating from 4.2.2 to 4.3 will retain your data , but this will make you lose root . to root , you would need to unlock the bootloader , which will almost always require a factory reset ( thus , you lose your data ) . so , i suggest to back-up your user apps and data with titanium backup or something similar .
it will probably be the fact that games use a port that is disallowed on your work network . try using the tethered hotspot on your sgs3 as an alternative .
after a very long ordeal , several trips to several different apple stores and basic trial and errors , i have found the solution as i blogged here : http://eduncan911.com/technology/hardware/google-nexus-10-and-apple-wireless-keyboard.html the situation is that apple made 3 different bluetooth apple wireless keyboards , noted by years : 2007 , 2009 and 2011 . the issue is that the 2011 model , with its latest firmware updates , does not work with the google nexus 10 . it must be a bluetooth hardware profile issue with the google device itself , as the 2011 keyboard works flawlessly on all other android 4.2 , 4.4.3 and 4.4.4 devices that i have as well as an apple ipod touch 4th gen . solution : get the 2009 apple wireless keyboard as i stated in my post above , i have tested several 2009 and 2011 keyboards and have confirmed only the 2009 apple wireless keyboard works with the nexus 10 . to restate the original issue : the 2011 apple wireless keyboard will pair , and even " connect " normally to the nexus 10 . but , the nexus 10 will not recognize it as an input device - it is missing the " a " keyboard icon at the top-left corner of the top status bar which normally shows with other bluetooth keyboards , such as the 2009 version . also note that the firmware i tested of the 2009 model was version x50 . i could not confirm if the latest firmware update for the 2009 model worked or not .
okay , so firstly i will help removing that ok google funcationality from the home screen : 1 . go to google now > tap settings > voice > " ok google " hotword detection > here you will see an option to disable ok google on home screen . now for the search bar , if you are running slimkat , then you are probably on one of the two custom launchers pre-installed in slimkat , so go to their settings , either by long holding on homecreen , or you can go to settings > home > here you will see the launchers installed , and mostly there is a settings/options key beside them , tap on that or if settings key is not there try tapping on the launcher name ( it should take you to settings ) . once in launcher settings , you should go to homescreen specific settings and disable search bar from there . get back to me if any of the above mentioned things do not work .
try nova launcher . it has an option to disable persistent search bar .
it would be quite difficult to do this . reason being : it is very difficult to replace the new ics bootloader you would have to find the old original firmware you would have to be rooted to be able to flash it you would have to search forums such as xda-developers for the stock firmware . you may be able to find rooting instructions there as well .
there is an official vodafone gingrbread downgrade here . http://www.huaweidevice.com/worldwide/downloadcenter.do?method=todownloadfileflay=softwaresoftid=ndy4ode=
try uninstalling and re-installing it . clear the app data . might be a bug with the custom rom ( ignore if on stock ) . as for why it is happening , could be a faulty installation imo , but if the package was faulty , it would not get installed in the first place . anyhow , just try the above steps .
i hope this should work for you - macedonian keyboard app google play install and change input method when typing to use this keyboard . ( to change input method , you can follow this guide - android stack exchange - change input method ) after changing keyboard , select '123' near space button and then select ' mkd ' at same place to get the macedonian keyboard . you can also try other popular keyboard apps if they have macedonian support , unfortunately swype does not have it .
try with a file browser ( astro ) or something like that to browse on your tablet and then you will find the apk 's if you search good . but it is not sure they will work correctly or possible to transport them . but you can always give it a try .
you can use an app like app backup and restore . it allows you to select which apps you want to backup and it copies them to your sd card .
best choice for this is imho appmonster , which backs up your *.apk files to sdcard . this version is free but somehow limited ; the real power comes with its payed version , appmonster pro backup restore ( ~eur 3 ) -- which not only adds batch-mode for restore , but also automatically backs up all new installations/updates , while letting you define how many generations you want to keep and ( at least this was on the roadmap ) even " pin " a version you want to keep " forever " . an added plus is that it also shows whether an app has ad modules hooked in ( e . g . admob ) , if it supports app2sd , or if it is already installed on sd : for me , it is the ultimate tool for this goal -- saved my ass a couple of times , when some app-update introduced a bug , or ripped away a feature . the only thing i miss here is it cannot backup the apps ' data -- but that is a thing impossible to all non-root apps ( for this , i use mentioned titanium backup -- but that is not topic of this question , and thus just mentioned for completeness ) . to sum up : appmonster would solve your problem with getting the *.apk files to the sdcard for transfer -- and even offer you features you surely will use even after completing that job . moreover , if you use the pro version , the sdcard copy will be done automatically for you , saving you some manual work .
short answer your device uses a screen resolution of 320 x 480 pixels , while the application you are trying to run needs a minimum of 800 x 480 pixeis . while you are using an application to manipulate the screen density , this can not overcome the physical limitation of your device 's screen , that the application checks for before running . in short , you can not run the application on that device . elaborating the answer your device your device , the samsung i5700 galaxy spica uses 320 x 480 pixels of screen resolution . pokerstars mobile game the application you have mentioned in the question comments , under the faq section says : does pokerstars mobile poker work on all android devices ? no . pokerstars mobile poker is designed only for mobile devices running android™ 2.2 and above , with a minimum screen resolution of 800x480 . compatible devices include ( but are not limited to ) : samsung galaxy galaxy nexus motorola droid razr htc sensation htc desire sony ericsson xperia x10 sony ericsson xperia x13 acer liquid a1 what is screen resolution ? quoted from android developers - terms and concepts the total number of physical pixels on a screen . when adding support for multiple screens , applications do not work directly with resolution ; applications should be concerned only with screen size and density , as specified by the generalized size and density groups . screen size actual physical size , measured as the screen 's diagonal . for simplicity , android groups all actual screen sizes into four generalized sizes : small , normal , large , and extra large . screen density the quantity of pixels within a physical area of the screen ; usually referred to as dpi ( dots per inch ) . for example , a " low " density screen has fewer pixels within a given physical area , compared to a " normal " or " high " density screen . for simplicity , android groups all actual screen densities into four generalized densities : low , medium , high , and extra high .
i am also facing the same problem . no option as " haptic feedback " is available in my samsung galaxy y mobile . please help out . note : i am not able to see any " add comment " option . so that only i am posting it in answer .
the haptic feedback is a global setting provided by your phone , you can turn it off by : click your device " menu " button" ; tap " settings " tap " sound" ; tap " haptic feedback " to remove the green tick , thus disabling this feature . what is " haptic feedback " ? haptic feedback , often referred to as simply " haptics " , is the use of the sense of touch in a user interface design to provide information to an end user . when referring to mobile phones and similar devices , this generally means the use of vibrations from the device 's vibration alarm to denote that a touchscreen button has been pressed . in this particular example , the phone would vibrate slightly in response to the user 's activation of an on-screen control , making up for the lack of a normal tactile response that the user would experience when pressing a physical button . the resistive force that some " force feedback " joysticks and video game steering wheels provide is another form of haptic feedback . more about this at wikipedia .
the best explanation i could find online : people details is a new sync service related to the recent release of google play games . it was pushed to most ( if not all ) android devices recently . its purpose is to tie you together across all google play services ( the separate services available from the google play screen ) . the idea is to maintain a uniform and unique " identity " for you in all related google games so that data from one can potentially be used to " enhance " the user experience in another the contact sync is for the usual contacts that a user saves directly on your phone .
on android phone . just type in the dial *#9900# then choose the second one " delete dumpstate/logcat " . problem is solved .
use clean master app . it worked for me . run this app at least twice a day to keep the memory clean .
i had the exact same problem . had the phone into the samsung service location a number of times , where they performed a full software recovery twice and then replaced the mainboard , but the problem persisted . i realised that the memory logs , which were filling up the logs file , seem to be connected to a network issue and decided to try and obtain a new sim to see if this helped . i got the new sim yesterday and everything that seemed to kick in the log files and fill up the system memory seems to be ok . previously , it might be ok once i had cleared the logfiles ( *#9900# , delete log files ) for a few hours , but then all of a sudden the log files would start again . within a few hours , my phone ( galaxy note ) would start becoming unresponsive , and i would get the storage space running out message and my system memory would be down to 100mb rather than 1.4g . after weeks and weeks of the same problem i am reticent to say that things are completely resolved . putting the new sim in seems to have solved the problem for me .
i have been through this storage problem . this is the solution to your problem only if you have " root " access . this problem occurs due to old application data of apps which have not been uninstalled properly . download " sd maid " from the play store . you can search for application data which exists on your device in spite of being uninstalled . clear the corpses and retry installing the app you want to install and it should work .
may be you should check this link , hope this will solve your problem . excerpt : root your phone . download the root browser app fro here reboot open the newly installed root browser app , a pop up will come stating if you want to give the app root permission . grant it . navigate to /data/ and delete the folder log see the magic : )
i have had the same problem when trying to use adb on lots of devices on one hub . adb uses a lot of the available usb bandwidth , so when many devices are on one hub , they can not all get the bandwidth they need . there are several suggestions you might try:- use adb over the network instead of usb . if you do not know how to enable this on the device , there are a few apps to help you . once it is enabled on the device , use adb connect ip.ip.ip.ip:port from the development machine . make sure the cables are plugged into a usb 2.0 port , not usb 1.1 . usb 3.0 is even better if the development machine supports it . the different versions of usb are all compatible , but later versions have much more bandwidth . try a better hub . cheap hubs are designed for plugging a usb storage device alongside a keyboard and mouse , and do not cope well with high bandwidth use . a professional-level usb hub will do a much better job - but it still might not be enough to connect all your adb devices at once .
if you are referring to the " my number " field then i answered the question here . the " my number " is not actually stored on the phone , it is stored on your sim card . stock android can not edit this data . cyanogenmod can , so can iphones and blackberrys . if you can get your hands on one of these then just pop your sim into it and edit the " my number " field and bobs your uncle .
you would need to root your phone . for file managers with root access , you can try astro or root explorer . if the app loads the default folder , keep going up the parent folder until you can no longer move up ; that will be the root folder .
i do not know of any specific apps , but it certainly can ( on probably does ) affect other apps . read here for google 's notes on the problem , as well as info for developers on how to avoid the bug . they have also issued patches and sent them to their oha partners , but it is up to each of them to roll out the update .
note : i am on samsung galaxy s2 , android 4.0.3 elixir for android has an " sd mount toggle " feature . it could unmount a removable card ( /mnt/sdcard/external_sd ) , but not ( /mnt/sdcard ) . i could not get it to mount by clicking the toggle again , but a restart [ toggle also available ] will mount the removable card . this is probably a bug with elixir ; and i will try to contact the developer .
should i relock the bootloader after getting s-off ? will that prevent me from doing anything ? no . you can not flash unsigned rom nor alter rom ( e . g . get permanent root ) . source . in that tutorial under the facepalm instructions , do i need to do step 7 if i already got s-off using facepalm ? yes . it is needed so you can flash the /boot partition from recovery . the stock hboot blocks access while in recovery . source . how can i remove * tampered * from the bootloader ? update 2013-08-16: from op : after following the steps he mentioned in the guide , TAMPERED is gone and has been replaced with the -- DirtyRacun -- label. There also is nothing that says UNLOCKED anymore .
for anyone else who wants to know . i had the same problem . my solution : was to use another computer ; worked for me ! !
see the following page for downloading the required files : http://www.theandroidsoul.com/how-to-root-xwjvh-android-2-3-3-rom-for-galaxy-s-i9000/ install samsung kies but dont keep it running while flashing as it will interfere with the process . required only for the drivers . download cf-root kernel . file name – cf-root-xw_nee_jvh-v3.2-cwm3rfs . zip . unzip the above file . you will get the . tar file – “cf-root-xw_nee_jvh-v3.2-cwm3rfs . tar” . download odin . file name – odin3 v1.7 . extract the zip file to get odin3 1.7 . exe . run odin by double clicking on it . switch off your phone . wait for vibration to confirm complete switch off . boot your phone in download mode — press and hold “volumedown + home key + power button” together . connect your phone to pc now . you’ll notice “added ! ! ” message in the message box . on odin , click the “pda” box and select the . tar file you got in step 2 — cf-root-xw_nee_jvh-v3.2-cwm3rfs . tar do not select any “ . pit” file in the “pit” box , and make sure “repartition” button is not checked . leave the “auto reboot” and “f . reset time” buttons checked . click the start button on odin to begin installing the cf root kernel . after the cf root is installed , phone will restart . your phone is rooted now . note that surperuser app is there .
given that you and your friend both have the same tablet , this should be possible . your friend will need to be rooted as well . probably the easiest thing would be for him to perform a nandroid backup which you then transfer to your tablet and restore . if this works , your tablet will be in the same state as his at the time he flashed , so you will need to delete his account , establish yours , etc . disclaimer : as with all things flashing , i can not guarantee that this will not make your situation worse . but it sounds like you are already in a bad way .
answering my own question , this seems to just be my misunderstanding of how google now works . i was typing the search and expecting a voice response . but apparently it only responds with a voice if you ask with a voice . if i use voice search , then a voice does indeed reply . leaving this question/answer here in case anyone else has the same misunderstanding .
is your settings > language and input > voice command for apps ' on ' ? sometimes it picks up something in the background and answers the calls . if turning off that does not work , try to do a factory reset on the phone . unfortunately , if even that does not work , you will have to get it inspected at a service center .
on my t-mobile sgh-t999 galaxy s3 ( android 4.1.1 ) , there is a " s voice " icon under apps . if you start the app and skip the setup questions , you will be prompted " what would you like to do ? " . at this point press the menu button and choose settings > control apps , turn off " control apps : use voice commands to control device " . hope that helps !
try inserting a 3.5 headphones with mic and call your cell . if it will answer automatically it is a software problem , try to remember what things have you changed/installed before that was happend . if it fix the problem , take out the headphones and try calling your cell . sometimes the aux 3.5 jack is not recognizing when a device is plugged-out ( mostly because of a damaged headphones/headphone 's jack ) , this could be the problem .
because you still have a working cwm , you can just reflash it . there are 2 competing implementations : supersu from chainfire superuser from chainsdd most rooting utilities install the latter , so you are safe to also flash this .
i received the same message on unrooted android 4.0.4 , alcatel 992d , with 12g free space on sd card . i am posting here , cos maybe it helps on 2.2 , as well . installed appmgr iii , 3.10 ( app 2 sd ) , and it also listed the same apps as movable , were not even marked with the gray x ( supposed to tell you that by moving app you will lose some functionality , e.g. widget stops working on main screen ) . it seems that only those apps gave me this message when trying to move ( via appmgr and via the built in option in android ) which came pre-installed on the phone . below article says moving/deleting pre-installed apps is not possible on unrooted phone : http://www.brighthub.com/mobile/google-android/articles/82517.aspx it seems likely to me that in this case , the option " move to sd card " not being grayed out is the bug , and maybe appmgr receiving this misleading data causes it to show them as moveable , as well , while the inability to move them is by design .
for people that have this problem in the future . it is an odex issue . some unused thing in there is causing it to think space is all eaten up . find an app that cleans odex files . chances are you are rooted which allows apps that mess with the odex files to screw stuff up by accident .
this is a known problem with leaked 2.2 galaxy s vibrant software ( happened to me ) . even if you are not using a vibrant i would suspect the issue is the same , since the software is mostly the same . you can fix it using this post at xda if you have a vibrant or i9000 . if you have another model just check the subforum for your device ( or take a risk and try this anyways ) .
i am the developer of locale , and i wanted to make sure the most up to date information is available here : locale does support backup and restore . more information about this feature can be found on our website at http://feedback.twofortyfouram.com/forums/5655-locale-feedback/suggestions/74784-backup-settings-?ref=title we publish a headphones plug-in condition and a free media volume setting for locale , giving locale the ability to adjust media volume based on headphones being plugged-in/unplugged .
the easiest way to compare these two apps : locale costs more . but it is a lot more user friendly . you just set up " situations " with triggers and actions . then you prioritize the situations . that is it . tasker costs less . but it is a lot more customizable . it is more like being given a scripting language . there are tons of options and choices and it can get really confusing if you do not know what you are doing . it is not made for the average user . i will say that anything locale can do , tasker can do it too . it just is not as quick and easy to set it up . in regards to backing up , you can backup tasker into script files . locale has no built in back up system . both of these applications are extendable to do practically anything because they support plugins . tasker supports locale plugins too . also : personally , i use both of these apps . i use locale for setting up common situations ( disable sounds when asleep , adjust brightness/screen timeout when plugged in , go silent at work , etc . ) and then tasker for . . . well . . . tasks ! such as plugging in my headphones i reduce my media volume to 50% ( i have blared music accidentally way too many times ) and displaying a menu of music apps .
goto email , select the account , select menu , select account settings , select time limit , i set mine to 1 day and the trash is emptied each day automaticly .
this is what works for me ( htc desire , android 2.2 , default email app , imap account ) : hit menu button select " folders " select " trash " hit menu button select " delete " mark all messages hit " delete " button . my trash is empty afterward .
this workaround method works for the default email app v2.3.4 ( possibly earlier versions ) on a t-mobile g2 . open the trash folder , open a message from the trash folder , continuously click on the delete button for rapid deletion . [ message deleted . ] will remain on the screen for a decent amount of time if a large number of messages were deleted .
this works for some people ( i am guessing it depends on the phone manufacturer ) : http://androidcommunity.com/forums/348750-post10.html the default email app is exceptionally buggy and feature-lacking . google just cares about gmail . find and app that properly supports exchange or develop one or get someone else to develop one . or wait for google to fix it , if they do .
i have found the way to do this . step 1 - open mail app and go into trash folder . while there is no way you can select each deleted email , you need to change the view setting to default rather than conversation . step 2 - this will allow you to view the mail in the trash folder by days , weeks and months . select each date period and then delete them . i did 2500 emails in seconds - well quicker than it took to write this . .
have you tried recovering your google password ? https://www.google.com/accounts/recovery note : this may be worthless if you never set up a secondary email account to recover your google account . because there is no other way to recover a google password .
try logging into your google account on your computer and changing the password to something very simple like "123456" . then try it on your phone again . i had a problem once logging into my nook account on my droid so i logged into the website and changed my password from the standard complex string of random numbers and characters to a plain string , and it let me in .
my advice , backup /data/ and sdcard ( not external ) , use ota root keeper , do a factory reset , and restore data and the root . instead of rk , try first framaroot .
if you are in the kindle app , the app ' overwrites ' the system brightness . you have to change the brightness within the kindle app by tapping on the " aa"-button in the action bar ( the menu where you can set font size etc . ) . there is a slider where you can set the brightness while reading .
you seem to be using different measurement units , 50kbps is the same as 400kbps . remember that 1 byte = 8 bits . if that is not the case , check if your laptop is connecting using 802.11n , htc legend does not support 802.11n , it only supports 802.11b/g . how do i check the connection speed ? download speedtest app from the market . and in your laptop , go to speedtest .net.
my colleague has just pointed out that ics will include cisco any connect functionality . . . http://www.talkandroid.com/69015-cisco-anyconnect-vpn-support-to-be-implemented-in-ice-cream-sandwich-enterprise-users-rejoice/ upon further investigation there is an any connect client for android , but you need to have rooted your phone to use it : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.cisco.anyconnect.vpn.android.rootedfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs5jaxnjby5hbnljb25uzwn0lnzwbi5hbmryb2lklnjvb3rlzcjd
there're two flavors of usb ports - powered and unpowered . unpowered ports can not supply power to the devices and are rather rare . you identify them easily - connect the smartphone to them and see if it starts charging . if it starts charging the port is powered and you are okay .
i usually charge mine from the usb port of my tv decoder ( that is always powered on ) so i think there will be no problems .
if the usb port supports usb sticks then it has power to recharge a smartphone . the only question is how much power it has . the usb protocol includes what i would call a " power handshake " . host ( radio ) and client ( smartphone ) communicate with each other and the host specifies how many milliampere the client is allowed to use . if the radio has usb high-power support you will get up to 500ma , without only up to 100ma . btw : a plain usb power adapter usually supports up to 1000ma . i assume a simple car 12v-to-usb-adapter would also support that much power . therefore even if charging via radio works , charging will take significantly longer . how many milliamperes are used for loading can be seen on a large number of phones by the battery monitor widget or similar apps .
on htc phones , i found one big space stealer is the " facebook for htc sense " app . it can easily take up 20+ mb of data . it is worth checking it out and clearing data ( not cache )
check your phone 's internal storage , via menu > settings > sd and phone storage , and then look under internal phone storage . if that is looking low , then you can try uninstalling some apps , or , since you are on 2.2 , moving those that support it to your sd card ( as that does seem to have plenty of space ) .
there is an app called battery charged notifier that will just notify you when your battery is fully charged . it is free , but there is a " paid key " that adds some additional features , like setting your own notification sound .
i believe my phone vibrates when it is done charging , but i have never seen a setting for it . i am certain you could set up a profile with locale to notify when charging is done .
if you use tasker automation app you can implement an alert using it - battery full alert . free alternative is the app called automateit . it also has a battery level trigger based on which you can produce a notification/sound , etc .
it is a shame that this is not built into android . fortuantely , there are now many apps that can do that ( mostly a side functionality of file manager apps ) . if you just need a lightweight standalone app for this , i can recommend file shortcut .
in fact it is easy to do using a file explorer application . i used ES File Explorer but i suspect other programs have the same feature . using ES File Explorer , you have to navigate to the file , then do a long click on the file icon until a menu appears . then you choose Shortcut . nothing shows the operation works but a new icon will be present in the launcher .
as i mentioned my phone was connected to the laptop . that was causing the problem . on my laptop mobilego ( pc suit for android ) services were running . when mobilego detected the device it tried to connect with it . which was actually interrupting the installation process . from my task manager i stopped the mobilgo services and the installation went through .
using the google drive app i created a test spreadsheet to investigate your question . i found the [1] to be a footnote - at the bottom of the spreadsheet is a list of all notes about validation for each applicable cell . the same applies to comments made to cells and , i suspect , other types of advanced cell formatting that do not translate well to small screens . it is clunky , but at least the validation follows to mobile . there does not seem to be a way to change how validation information is displayed . see here below the spreadsheet are two footnotes , one indicating valid data ( by displaying the help text , [1] ) and the other representing invalid data ( by displaying " validationfailed [ help text ] , " [2] ) :
i have three suggestions : if it is a microsd card , you could plug it into an external reader . try adb ( advanced ) . if it shows up using the devices command , try pushing and pulling on the sd card . install file expert . when the app loads , the third tab has " share my files " ( or something like that ) try these options via bluetooth or wifi . file expert also has a seperate app , web pc suite , which can do the job you want .
assuming just vanilla ics , with no custom ui from a manufacturer/carrier or anything : a phone has a status bar at the top and soft buttons ( or hardware buttons ) at the bottom . a tablet will only have the bottom bar , with soft buttons on the left and clock/notifications on the right . the notification pane pulls down from the top status bar like in previous versions on a phone , but it pops up from the bottom-right corner on a tablet . the default launchers and home screen layout are visibly different . the app drawer on a phone is in the center bottom , on a tablet it is top right , and phones have a sort of " dock " at the bottom that is visible on all home screens ( tablets do not ) . also , the google search bar collapses on a tablet but is persistent across the top on a phone . the home screen transition animation is also different . apps that use the action bar will display a bit differently . on a phone the bar will almost always be split between the top and bottom of the screen , with some options on each portion of the bar ( possibly unless they use very few icons/actions ) . on a tablet it just uses the top of the screen because there is plenty of room . google music is a good example of this .
settings / data usage / menu button / restrict background data ( click image to enlarge )
judging from your actions , i am guessing you have root access and possibly a custom recovery . first , a word of advice : do not modify the system framework directly especially permissions/platform . xml . this along with a few other files is responsible for defining what android permissions are , giving the permissions for the core part of the system and the mappings involved with it and the sdk . if you somehow mess up the files , then you could seriously lose functionality and as you noticed , permissions . if you modify other parts of the framework , you could cause system instability , boot loops or it just might fail to boot android altogether . additionally , dropping the jar file into the framework directory does not work . this is because its actually installed in system/lib or system/bin ( have to check android source . might have this confused ) . next , this jar file is usually installed with google apps package ( or gapps for short ) and the updater-script takes care of all that so if you still want to manually install the jar file , i suggest you look at the updater-script for the location of install . now , what is the quickest way to fix this and install the jar file ? reinstall whatever rom you have - you dont have to wipe the data as only the system was modified . if you have a stock rom , factory reset wont help . this is because a factory reset wipes the data and cache . it does not wipe the system partition that you changed and so the problem will still remain when you reboot . flash the latest version of gapps to your phone using recovery . this will reinstall all the google apps as well as the corresponding libraries needed to extend their functionality . it will also help your other app work .
try a powered usb hub . my ( win7 ) work laptop refuses to connect to my samsung s2 except through the powered usb hub in the monitor .
try to edit adb_usb . ini and add your device id you can find it by going to the device manager find the " android adb interface " double click on it go to the details tab , and on the " property " drop down menu select " hardware ids " on the box below it labeled " values " you should see something like " usb\vid_2207 and pid_0010 and mi_01" the numbers maybe different based on your device vendor id , for example my vendor id is "2207" no open the adb_usb . ini located on the folders below and add your device id in hex format for example my device id is "2207" i will put it there as "0x2207" it is usually located in xp : \documents and settings\ . android\ windows 7: \users\ . android\ windows 8: i really dont know . but if the folder doesnt exist try to create it by using cmd . and if the file adb_usb . ini also doesnt exist you can create it using notepad and only pasting only your device id and save it on the . android folder .
try this : find the . android folder in your home directory , and replace the adb_usb . ini file with this one . this tells your computer to let adb work with a load of different usb devices . you may need to restart adb via the command line : adb kill-server adb start-server  and now adb should show you your device adb devices 
an app whose package name is com.example.app has its data files in /data/data/com.example.app . this applies to pre–jelly bean systems , and to the first user on jelly bean systems . for other users on jelly bean systems , user 1 has the data files for com.example.app in /data/user/1/com.example.app , and so on . however , none of this information helps you to use an external app to sync an app 's files . reading another app 's data files can only be done on a rooted phone , which is probably not something you want to do on your child 's phone . even then , you need an app that is designed to work with root access , such as datasync or appsync . and even then , it is possible that the kidlogger app keeps its data in encrypted form , to force you to use their sync service , or as a precaution against tampering with the logs . after all , if the sync app can get access to the logs , there is nothing to stop the user of the phone doing the same thing . the only reliable and secure solution would be to ask the developers of kidlogger to add a feature that syncs the app data to dropbox or an online service of your choice : one the user of the phone can not access .
yes , you can install new fonts , but it requires root on most devices . to install a font , you just simply need to copy the font file ( . ttf format only ) into /system/fonts . there are also numerous apps available on the play store to do this automatically for you , such as the plainly named font installer . other apps also include functionality to find new fonts . with the right app , it is also possible to install fonts without root on the samsung galaxy s3 , s4 , note , and note 2 .
are they installing new fonts every day ? i do not think anyone can say for sure on that fact . are font sometimes updated when the software is updated ? i would say yes .
try formatting your sdcard as either ext4fs or ext3fs . using such a tool as partition magic or even parted to quote from wikipedia 's entry on ext4fs : large file system the ext4 filesystem can support volumes with sizes up to 1 exbibyte ( eib ) and files with sizes up to 16 tebibytes ( tib ) . likewise , for the quote on wikipedia 's entry on ext3fs size limits the max number of blocks for ext3 is 2^32 . the size of a block can vary , affecting the max number of files and the max size of the file system : the reason fat32 is used , is to maintain compatibility with the majority of os 's on desktop/laptops , which is microsoft windows ! caveat emptor : some kernels have support for ext4fs in place , not all of them may have it , notably stock roms coming from manufacturers ! also , if you are rooted and running a customized kernel , chances are pretty high that the kernel would have support for this - you can confirm by checking via adb shell adb shell ls /proc/*.gz there should be a hit on the configuration file , usually named config.gz or kernel_config.gz or similar . pull that down via adb pull /proc/config.gz unzip this file and launch your favourite editor , search for the following keywords *config_ext3_fs* or *config_ext4_fs* or from the command line , zcat config.gz | grep "CONFIG_EXT4_FS" if the search yielded this line # CONFIG_EXT4_FS is not set or # CONFIG_EXT3_FS is not set you are out of luck as that kernel would not have any support . in short , if you need to support big files , a custom rom or a custom kernel would be needed this requires a pre-requisite in unlocking the bootloader in order to flash a new custom kernel in place that has support for such filesystems !
the maximum possible size for a file on a fat32 volume is 4 gb minus 1 byte or 4,294,967,295 bytes , sd memory in your phone is formatted as fat32 so you limited to have files smaller than 4gb in your phone . cluster size has no differences in limitation of fat32 structure .
just like the answers above . FAT32 has a maximum absolute filesize limit of 4gb only however partitioning your sdcard to Ext3/Ext4 will have a disadvantage of not being read in windows . if your device is already rooted then i suggest you to install a fuse ( filesystem on userspace ) driver so it can support NTFS volumes and keep compatability with windows . an app already exist to mount the driver automatically by using this additional file from the xda forums . after this , just format your sdcard to NTFS , your android will be able to read/write to it with ease update : i also found paragon mounter , probably based on fuse but optimized for android .
dude , i suggest reformatting your sd card to ext3 or ext4 . and i find it more stable than ntfs in android . and regarding operating system compatibility . . . its easy dude . . . rooting an android may void your warranty . . . so i prefer to mod my pc to read all file system . . . and its pretty easy too . . . just get windows drivers for ext3 or whatever file system needed . . . and in windows u even get drivers for hfs plus ( mac drives ) . . . so where is the problem ? ? ? i dual boot my amd pc with windows 7 ultimate sp1 and apple mac osx 10.9.0 marvericks . . . and all file systems work well on both the os . . we get every filesystem to work with windows by using proper drivers . . . and mac osx natively supports every other file system except ntfs , for which drivers are available . . . use the power of google . . . you can easily get drivers . . good luck . : )
there are some apps who have this feature , like switch off , reboot and etc . one of them is notification toggler , this app isnt particularly for switch off and reboot stuff , but you can do that also . : ) edit:: i think you have to root your device to use reboot and shutdown , you can not do it without root unless applications are signed with the system firmware key . and playstore applications are not that kind of applications that are signed with that . edit 2: to root your device , check out these links , link 1 link 2 link 3
an alternate way to switch off your mobile phone completely , would be to toss it in the ocean and do not look back . just joking ! actually turning the phone off or restarting it is done through the os itself , just like every os of today . so one way of doing this would be to access the terminal ( only if your phone is rooted ) and issue the linux shutdown command since android is based on linux .
there are two types of protection offered by the android market . the original copy protection is now deprecated and is apparently fairly easily circumvented . google now recommends that developers implement its licensing service , which requires a bit of effort on the part of the developer . it requires internet connectivity and checks whether the google account being used on the device has legitimately purchased the app . how often the app goes online to check the licence is up to the developer .
though it is not the identical situation , the solution which worked out for i am seeing duplicated images and videos on gallery might apply here as well : go to settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps select the " all apps " tab find the gallery app , open its entry , tap " clear cache " do the same for the media storage app have the media scanner running again . this can be triggered by either a reboot of the device ( ugh ! ) unmounting/mounting the external sdcard if any ( hm . . . ) attach the device to your pc via usb , optionally copy some file to it , detach it again ( ok . . . ) for repeated use , take a look at apps like e.g. rescan media , scan media , or sdrescan ( yeah ! ) check if the duplicates are gone . if not , repeat everything , but this time additionally select to " delete data "
root your note 2 install titanium backup either uninstal or freeze knox . apk and all associated processes through titanium backup . as awlays , make a complete backup before any changes .
i do not know if this helps , but with sfr , in france , i have nearly the same issue ; i can not use the market ota ( unless i use wifi ) . it is due to limitation from the carrier ; perhaps rooting the phone could help to get rid of that limitation .
the problem is vodafone live can only acess wap sites you can . . . . to get access to all sites e.g. android market , maps etc you need to activate vodafone mobile connect . . . it is little too expensive but it is the only solution . . . . thanks
my solution to this problem ( sonyericsson x10 mini ) , after trying all sorts of resets of cache is on applications etc , and the only thing that worked was to do a factory reset on the phone . just remember to use the backup and restore feature first to backup your phone then restore it after resetting it .
i think the problem is the india sim card http://market.android.com/support/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=138294
can you verify you have a data connection ? try opening internet from the apps screen . can you navigate to various websites such as google ? if yes then you have a data connection and the likely answer is as eephyne points to in that link . if you do not have a data connection and cannot browse the internet then you need to call your carrier 's customer support , in this case vodafone , and tell them you do not have a data connection . they will walk you through steps to get a data connection . after that then try the marketplace again .
root is needed so if you have that turn on your wi-fi and write su iplink set eth0 address XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX  and it is done . ( "iplink " without space between )
check http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1525230 you actually need to change some stuff in the bcm4239 driver to allow it to read the mac address from somewhere else . the above kernel reads the file /data/local/mac . dat .
this seems like your terminal does not have root access . is your phone rooted ? and did you type su to get to the root user first ? on my phone you can tell if you are using root privileges by checking the prompt , $ = no root , # = root .
keyboard can be replaced browser can be replaced ( opera , xscope ( i like ) , dolphin hd , etc . ) launcher can be replaced gallery can be replaced ( 3d gallery is my favorite ) camera can be replaced ( camera 360 ( drains battery like crazy ) , retro camera , etc . ) hell you can even replace the kernel if you root . not an app , but you can add search providers like getting the duckduckgo app which allows you to search using all search tools , but ddg vs google .
do not forget you can use folders as well to cram lots of apps into one space , i usually keep apps in category folders , it is a nice way of being organised also !
zeam ( zeam . org ) is a great alternative launcher that offers an 8x8 workspace on each screen ( up to 7 ) as well as multiple dock icons . zeam is the fastest android launcher we have seen yet ( via lifehacker )
not a launcher app itself , but multicon ( review link ) lets you cram multiple icons into a teeny tiny space . also available via cyrket . now , that unconfigured screnshot is the extreme example -- but the density ranges from 4 incons in the space of 1 on down . it is pretty handy -- plus it comes with its own shortcuts widgets to a few things . can not have icons for normal folders , however . bummer .
you should try the adw . launcher , its free and lets you have up to a 8 x 8 screen plus 4 dock icons . it also allows you to resize widgets ( i reduce my clock to 1x1 and increase a few others ) .
i see what you are saying . . . one way around it , is to look in the logcat and keep an eye out for something like the following , in this case , i downloaded an app called rendezvous , this is what appears in the logcat notice the last line , " new package installed . . . . " if there is any other way , i would gladly amend this : )
it is also worth mentioning that you can install other launchers such as adw launcher which allows for themes which will completely change the look of the homescreen and icons on it . for instance , this antique cm theme is a theme for adw launcher , as is this red adw theme which as you can see looks very different . you can also download replacement contacts apps as well , so you can hide almost all of touchwiz , whilst still keeping the stock rom and with it , the s-pen apps . i have only recently installed replacement launchers because i was beginning to get frustrated with touchwiz and things like it is lack of rotation . makes me wonder why samsung bother with their own inferior launcher in the first place .
one amazing and very much compatible app is memo beta , free and open source s-pen drawing app : memo is a note taking app designed specifically for galaxy note . roms supported : cm9 ( cyanogenmod 9 ) aokp ( android open kang project ) aosp ( android open source project ) paranoid android some features licensed gplv3 open source s-pen combatible ( including side button and pressure sensitivity ) inport and resize/move images from the camera , gallery , webpage or map two finger zoom and pan for inputting those finer details add typed text to notes share notes using mms , e-mail , facebook , twitter , instagram and more left handed mode useful links . github page google play page xda developers forum thread
my favourite note taking app so far is papyrus you can have infinite length note surface and use two fingers to move around the note and a single finger as an eraser . all drawings are vectors . the quick note taking app that pops up double clicking the pen is really shitty and the editing with polaris office too basic . i still have to do a lot of playing and investigating .
at first , there is a current hardbrick warning and a tool to diagnose this for the galaxy note ( and other samsung devices ) . here 's the galaxy note n7000 cm9 team 's current issue list , it does not mention missing s-pen functionality ( unlike an experimental build #1 ) so i guess it is fixed . the cm9 alpha for n7000 announcement on xda also mentions s-pen beeing worked on . and finally , here 's the cm9 builds for n7000 and a full update guide .
i assume this was just a bug ; this option re-appeared in the " advanced " wi-fi settings after one of the ota updates .
based on this review of the wi-fi capabilities of the htc one x from anandtech it would appear that the option is there . look two-thirds of the way down on the site and see this image :
after searching around , this appears to be an issue with slimkat rom itself . reading this review of slimkat or alternative link to article as their formatting is awful , the line that jumped out at me was : . . . . talk to by simply saying " okay google " ( sometimes even just okay -_- ) suggests this happens on the rom . also there is a theory that the launcher listens to ok g and starts background tasks for the searching . maybe it has something to do with the fact that it listens for " ok g--" and then it starts loading voice search while you are still saying " oogle " , instead of it listening for " google " and then loading up voice search , leaving you waiting for a short while ? it is worth noting that a friend with a nexus 4 told me that sometimes it pops up on " ok " for him but it is rare . i can not find confirmation online . also some launchers try to incorporate the ok google themselves , sometimes not in the correct manner and this can cause conflicts . for example the image below is from nova launcher ( which i use myself very often ) to show you its ok google screen which is a separate function to the google search app 's one : finally some oems have their own " hi galaxy " ala samsung and this can further muddy the water with this functionality .
you can try these instructions from xda : warning ! : this will wipe contacts . it seems acore fc 's when there are corrupted contacts . usually by restoring contacts on an incompatible rom . . . . and will temporarily wipe market list . so backup your contacts ! step by step : make sure sync is off , leave it off for some time ! go into settings select applications select manage applications ( if you are on 2.2 ) select the all tab scroll down until you find contacts storage ( select it ) . wipe data+clear cache ( if available ) hit back scroll down until you find google services framework ( select it ) wipe data+clear cache ( if available ) reboot and enjoy ( optional ) enable sync again enable sync again when your convinced that the error has gone .
i updated my htc chacha over the air ( ota ) to 2.3.5 two days ago . identical issue . keep getting same error whenever i press the green call button or a number to start dialing or attempt to start the " phone " app . i do not have a " contacts " app any more . i believe the issue is in an app called " dialer " because that is what displays when i tell my phone to report the issue to htc . work around : use the favourites ( people ) widget that comes , by default , on the second screen . press the right arrow and you will go to your contacts list . from there you can call your contacts - or add new contacts and call them . note that the phone does receive calls okay . this is an outrageous bug . the software update should never have been pushed . additional issue in 2.3.5: the initial boot up " enter pin " screen is not sized correctly for the chacha - there are some white line dots at the top of that screen - presumably the bottom of the text saying " enter pin " - but all you see is the text input field and the " ok"/"cancel " buttons . also it seems this phone requires a sim pin even when none is set . further - if you type your pin wrong 3 times it does not tell you that it is expecting the puk . i think htc have got serious issues when it comes to software development . i wish cyanogenmod was available for the htc chacha - because it was the only way i could use my htc desire z ( default htc software for that had show-stopping issues , too ) .
try accessing via czech republic - proxy and then try again . good luck . edit : login with your credentials via proxy from czech republic and hope that the price will be different from the us price .
it sounds like you are describing a vpn ( virtual private network ) . a vpn directs all traffic ( whether http or other tcp/ip protocols ) through a specific server , usually with the intent to encrypt traffic between the device and the vpn server . however , encryption is not necessary , and a vpn would have full control over routing , which means you could customize a vpn server to block specific requests . or you could redirect requests to unsafe/undesirable websites to a ' block ' page of your choosing . almost all android devices have vpn capabilities built-in . you should look into that technology . in order to force the user to go through the vpn , you will need an app that can be set as a device admin ( a built-in , almost-root privilege that prevents the app from being removed ) that would also set the vpn to be always on . see this android . se question and answer for more details .
in dropbox , simply add mp3s to favorites and they become available in a stock google play music application ( tested in android ics )
download the app called rescan media from the market , run it then go back to your music player . the music that you downloaded from dropbox should now show up . there are other ways to force this media sync ( unmount / remount sd should do it ) but this app makes it just the press of a button .
if you export the tunes to the sd card rather than the music app then they will show straight up in the music player . just a little annoying that you have got to do them one at a time rather than as a group . dropbox > more > export > save to sd card > select music folder
some of the more advanced music players have the ability to rescan media from the phone . in playerpro you can do menu-> settings-> music library-> refresh mediastore this should then show up any music added since the last scan .
stock android widgets are not re-sizable ( although this is supposedly a feature that will be coming soon ) . if you can re-size some of them one of two things is going on : either the developer of the widget made it that way , or samsung implemented this ability to work for some widgets . in the case of the latter they probably had to set it up specifically for the widgets that do it , so it is unlikely that any you find on the market are going to be re-sizable via touchwiz . however , you do have another option . launcher pro is a homescreen replacement app on the market ; the paid version ( yes the free version is misleadingly called launcher pro ) offers resizing widgets as one of the added features . to my knowledge that would work for any widget regardless of how the developer made it . so if you are willing to put a couple bucks into it , you can re-size any widget that you want .
you may have to re flash the firmware . there is a program called odin you can use to do this . first of all install odin and the firmware for the s3 and your country on this site http://www.sammobile.com/firmwares/ ( search for gt-i9300 ) . you will be able to find many tutorials online on how to use odin but it is relatively simple . here is a good youtube tutorial https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-canyno5qne ( it is quite hard to hear him over the music but it should help ) . he uses the s2 but it is the same process . or use the written instructions on sammobile ( note this is the firmware for germanu , so do not use this firmware unless you are in fact german ) http://www.sammobile.com/firmwares/3/ ? download=29037 .
after uninstalling nearly all the apps downloaded from play store ( except a few like twitter , facebook etc . ) , i still had the issue . i , then , tried to uninstall google chrome which seems to be not allowed to do in normal ways ( i guess it is one of the default apps of the phone ) . lastly , i found out that there is an update for the chrome on the play store . i updated the app and surprisingly see that the problem is solved . have no idea what happened there and still suspicious about the problem but , seems like i succeed . p.s. i will be grateful if someone explains what happened to my phone , technically . ( does updating chrome change things for the default web browser ? because , i was having the same issue both in chrome and default browser )
read this , the bottom half is for android users , https://gamesupport.supercell.net/hc/en-us/articles/421682-can-i-transfer-my-village-to-a-new-device- this does not require play services , but does require g+ . you should be able do this w/o google play services good luck !
as su , do this : # mount -o remount,rw /system  you will now be able to delete it . as said in comments , do not forget to # mount -o remount,ro /system  or just reboot when you have finished . : )
i think this will work though i am not sure if this is a virus . . .
an alternative to the dropbox way of sharing files is ubuntu one
you could use bluetooth to send it ; use your ubuntu system to do the sending and just make sure that bluetooth is activated on your phone . alternatively , connect your phone to your desktop via usb and change your phone 's connection type to be disk drive and then mount the disk drive on your computer ( my ubuntu system does this automatically ) . copy it over using the desktop 's interface of your choice . then when you disconnect your phone , use a file browser like astro file manager to open the file . alternatively , if you have somewhere to put the file , astro can get it via either sftp or smb . if you have wifi in your house , then you would be able to access it via smb . there are boxes provided for server , share , domain , directory , user name , and password . or you could use a data connection , but that would involve both your isp not blocking the needed ports ( mine does ) , and sending your password in the clear over the open internet .
i use dropbox for that .
i use FTP file transfer using filezilla . its easy , secure , and offers decent data transfer rates . so you do not need bluetooth or a usb cable to store and retrieve stuff from your device . there is a software called software data cable that allows you to transfer data wirelessly from and to your device using filezilla . using both of them together is simple . hope this helps .
i do not know of any shell utilities that will let you just right click and send , but for transferring files to/from my device in general i am a huge fan of files anywhere plus it can send/receive faxes from your phone . you can upload files from your machine via their web interface , then download using the app . it is a free service , too . for ubuntu , you might be able to write a shell script incorporating this and then add it to your right click options . i reviewed files anywhere on my blog some while ago if you want to read more about it . if you just want to transfer files while on your lan and you are using wifi , samba filesharing works super well . you can just browse to your phone 's sd card like it was a regular network samba share from your desktop .
you could also use a browser based remote desktop tool like airdroid or remote web desktop
there are multiple solutions to this . google play beta has already be mentioned , but afaik has the ( minor ? ) drawback that users need either to be active in g+ or google groups ( at least the former is a no-go for me , which is why i e.g. do not participate in the current se app beta ) . one alternative would be to have a link to where you host your app , always using the same name ( e . g . my-latest.apk ) . this way you just need to drop them a note whenever you have placed a new version , and they can directly download it to their devices and install . another alternative would be using aptoide , where you could establish your own repository/channel ( they call it " store" ) . there is an app available for your users , which is similar to googleplaystore – which means no notices or manual checking needed , updates are signaled automatically . aptoide ( aka bazaar ) permits public and private stores , so you can chose how open your beta should be . for details , you might want to check with the introductionary video clip .
you might provide them a link ! a link on your website , that would provide them with the . apk file . after downloading , the user would install that file in his android phone . after installing , the previous version is auto-deleted and the new version is installed ! user data is saved . but i have never used the developer tools from google play . so i am not sure , whether the google would mark it as spam or not , because some user try out verify and install instead of package installer . verify and install is a google service to check whether the app is spam or not . so i think , if the user tries verify and install instead of the built-in installer , he might get some errors , saying this signature is not found on google play ! or something like that . but just my guess , if your beta is placed on google play , then they will not show up any errors , as they would find a signature on google play too . hope i am not wrong : because i have never used either verify and install or google play developer tools . so i might be wrong somewhere . but still there is a functionality to install apps , but that also depends whether the user is allowing the installation of unknown apps ( apps which are not downloaded from google play ) .
kies via wifi ( a stock rom app ) connects your phone to the kies software on your computer via wifi . i am on cm10.1 , which does not have kies via wifi . but , there is probably a setting in the kies via wifi app that lets you disable the auto-connect function .
open kies via wifi , go to the settings , and turn off autoconnect . Settings -&gt; More Settings -&gt; Kies via Wi-Fi -&gt; Settings -&gt; Auto connect off
it is an app that is used to update your smartphone or tablet . the only way to kill it is to root your phone and uninstall it . it is a system app and cannot be killed .
this might help : login to your google account from your pc go to https://play.google.com/apps hit ctrl+f ( or command + f on mac ) and type the name of your app , and look for it . click the app name when you find it . now , you can either note down the exact name of the app and the publisher and install manually from the play store on phone , or , just click the install button ( make sure your phone is on and has a data plan/wifi ) , select your device , click install .
over-the-air ( ota ) updates from your carrier or manufacturer cannot be directly applied on a device that has a custom rom installed . this is due to many possible incompatibilities between the stock firmware and whatever code base the custom rom is using . therefore , most ( if not all ) custom roms intentionally disable any ota checks that usually come standard with stock firmwares . that said , some custom roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod rom ) have developed their own ota services . these are usually pull ( i.e. . phone checks for available update periodically ) as opposed to push ( manufacturer sends a message to phone to go out and download an update , ) but generally work fairly well . you should contact your rom 's developers to see if such a feature is available for you . alternatively , you can try to return your phone to its stock firmware , and then you will be able to accept the carrier/manufacturer ota update .
you can reach the google voice settings by going to apps -> google settings -> search and now -> voice -> ok google hot word detection and turning the switch to " on " google hot word detection only works from the home page where the google search box is located . if you do not have a google search box , you can get one from your widgets which is accessible by touching and holding the home page with your finger .
i had the same frustrations with my note 3 back in the fall when it was new . i solved it by creating an app first for myself then made it available on the play store . but first , on the s5 you have to enable car mode for voice wake-up to work . then you can install the app s for switch voice free to have google voice search ( ie google now ) answer your commands . and finally you can now have something similar to motox touchless control using the app touchless notifications free which does handsfree notification announcement and has something like the new " what is up " feature on the motorola ~ if you give the command " open my notifications " it will read-out the active notifications with pretty good looking display . . .
on vanilla android you do this by going into Settings -&gt; Language &amp; Input and then pressing the settings button to the right side of " android keyboard " ( or , generically , whatever keyboard you are using ) . there are two checkboxes on the keyboard settings page , one for " vibrate on keypress " and one for " sound on keypress " . uncheck both of these to disable the keyboard sounds/vibration .
to disable vibrate on the swiftkey keyboard : bring up keyboard long-press Swiftkey/123 button click Settings Advanced Typing Audio &amp; Haptic Feedback disable Haptic Feedback 
i have found the problem ; i had just one track by this artist in another album , and it was tagged " the chromatics " . " chromatics " and " the chromatics " were probably ( rightfully ) considered as the same artist , but android did not pick the right one out of the two to display . i have edited this track 's artist tag and now every track by this artist appears correctly tagged .
this feature is rather be app-specific . probably the default photo app on your legend does this by default , while the one on you one x does not . to achieve the desired results on your new device , you might need to find a 3rd party photo app supporting this feature . your phone is certainly capable of it , that is not the issue .
there are no apps such as this that work without a rooted device . this is because these apps make changes to system files - and you have to be root to do this .
that would be a contradiction in terms : in order to disable permissions on-the-fly , root permissions are required -- no way around that . for non-root users , there is only a different approach : take the .apk apart before installing , manipulate the Manifest ( remove unwanted permission 's requests ) , re-assemble the .apk , and then install the modified package . unwanted side-effect : no direct updates , as the signature on the package breaks this way . an app doing this is e.g. apktool , available for windows , mac and linux .
the cpu had to be changed to x86 . then it worked . see question comment thread for further details .
the best way to avoid this is to add your country 's international prefix ( it is +39 for italy if i am not mistaken . ) this way your network providers treats it like it would without the prefix ie . it will be a domestic call if you are in the same country , but it will still work if you are calling from a different country .
as a workaround , you could include the country code of italy in all your contacts . this has the additional advantage that these numbers will still work the way they are supposed to even when you are roaming abroad . i am not sure if either android or the cellphone network handle this case intelligently .
i have done that months ago for the very same reason , so i can tell from my own experience : you will no longer receive update notifications while on mobile data ( naturally ) no apps will auto-update while on mobile data ( again , naturally ) both is what you want . i encountered no more restrictions . update notifications coming in as soon as the device is connected to any wifi , updates i either do on wifi only . what i did not try is to force an update/install while on mobile data . in theory , this should work as long as you keep the app in foreground – but the installation will stall as soon as you switch to another app ( as then google play no longer is the " foreground app" ) . but that is the theory only , as i have never tested it .
actually the galaxy nexus has had a hardware-backed credential storage since 4.1 . it just is not enabled in production builds . read this for details : http://nelenkov.blogspot.com/2012/07/jelly-bean-hardware-backed-credential.html as this is not officially supported it might take some work to get it running on recent android versions . the reason the driver is not used is that the driver has a power usage bug which cannot be fixed without updating the baseband . so use with caution . cf . this commit message : https://android.googlesource.com/device/samsung/tuna/+/b74801dc22bb4945ddf79b2e12e6328a862d68c3
the " hardware backed credential storage " aka " android key store " is only hardware backed when the hardware on the device has the necessary hardware components in it . when there is not the necessary hardware available it falls back to software storage . android also now supports hardware-backed storage for your keychain credentials , providing more security by making the keys unavailable for extraction . that is , once keys are in a hardware-backed key store ( secure element , tpm , or trustzone ) , they can be used for cryptographic operations but the private key material cannot be exported . even the os kernel cannot access this key material . while not all android-powered devices support storage on hardware , you can check at runtime if hardware-backed storage is available from android 4.3 apis - hardware credential storage . my emphasis . finally , there is an api and even a system settings field that lets you check whether the credential store is hardware-backed ( nexus 4 , nexus 7 ) or software only ( galaxy nexus ) from credential storage enhancements in android 4.3 this a new feature and so it is likely that only newer , higher end devices have the hardware in them . according to that , the galaxy nexus does not have the necessary hardware . the nexus 4 does have full hardware support for this ; as you may now ( sic ) , the nexus 4 is based on qualcomm 's snapdragon s4 pro apq8064 soc . like most recent arm soc 's it is trustzone-enabled and qualcomm implement their secure execution environment ( qsee ) on top of it . from credential storage enhancements in android 4.3 the arm trustzone technology is analogous to the tpm hardware used on intel x86 pc compatible hardware to provide a hardware secure credential storage area . and just like tpm when it was first introduced is taking a while to trickle into all new phones . so , in the case of the nexus 4 , the ' hardware ' is simply the arm soc . are other implementations possible ? theoretically , a hardware-backed keymaster implementation does not need to be based on trustzone . any dedicated device that can generate and store keys securely can be used , the usual suspects being embedded secure elements ( se ) and tpms . however , there are no mainstream android devices with dedicated tpms and recent flagship devices have began shipping without embedded ses from credential storage enhancements in android 4.3 so , no , the galaxy nexus is not capable of enabling hardware backed credential storage , because it does not have the necessary hardware in it .
bluetooth has a master/slave setup , in which the other device is a master ( for example , a phone ) and the other a slave ( a headset ) . most phones support the hands-free profile only as a master , which means that the phone can connect to slave devices and stream its audio to the device , not the other way around . apparently samsung has included support for hfp slave on it is player models , which is reasonable since they do not have phone functionality builtin . therefore , it is not a question of settings , it is a question of support .
there are two things to check . go into settings from the play store app 's menu . the third one down is update over wi-fi only . turn this off if you want to download apps over a cellular internet connection . it is on by default so that if you have to pay per kb of data you do not get surprised by a large bill . apps larger than a certain size ( i think 50 mb ) only download over wi-fi regardless of this setting . ( the play store app will prompt you if you try to download a large app and you are not on wi-fi . ) this applies to lots of games but not many applications .
finally , i got it resolved . the issue was with apn settings provided by my service provider . fixing that fixed downloading issue .
there are different wcdma ( umts ) frequency bands . i believe that they use band-i ( 2100mhz ) in iraq . you did not mention which country you bought your phone in . but if it was anywhere in north america - i have bad news for you : none of american carriers use this band so very few phones sold here support it .
vmlite vnc server will work for you : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vmlite.vncserverhl=en you connect via vnc viewer , then record the screens
the easiest way , provided your device is rooted , is screencast .
the short answer is yes . you should make sure your bootloader is locked by executing fastboot oem lock in your command line while your device is in fastboot ( home + power + volume+ for your specific device ) . once your bootloader is locked it will be as if you never rooted your device . once this is all done , you will regain your warranty which would otherwise be voided if you had left the bootloader unlocked .
this page has a couple of benchmarks that compare not only a nexus one running 2.2 vs . one running 2.1 , but also includes iphones and the ipad . in both cases , the nexus one running 2.2 outperforms the 2.1 version by over 2x .
google claims performance improvements of 4x to 5x over previous versions no they did not claim such , what they claimed is that jit compiler can give 4x to 5x improvement on compute-bound process ( cpu-bound process ; processes doing heavy computations ) . if you are scrolling on a long contact list , browsing web or gallery , etc you are more likely to be i/o bound by slow network or slow disk rather than cpu-bound , and jit only helps very little in those cases . outside of benchmarks and games , it is in fact very rare for applications to be cpu-bound .
many developers have their own sites and there are other app markets that allow direct download . but besides that , we can not speak to their motives , you had need to ask them . i would assume , however , that they are controlling distribution in order to control distribution :p . for paid apps this is obvious ( piracy prevention ) , but even for non-paid apps there are developers and others who want to monitor , limit , etc . the download of apps .
if i remember correctly , the samsung app store required me to install 3 updates before i could use it when i bought my samsung galaxy s2 . i browsed it once and then never looked at it again because it hardly has any interesting apps . so if i were you , i would not bother with the samsung app store update , just use google play .
google+ messenger does require the background data checkbox to receive messages/updates while it is not the active app . however your messages should be sent instantly since the app would be active then . are you experiencing delays with other messengers using background data as well ? e.g. whatsapp a good discussion about background data , sync etc can be read here
is the account you are using listed in Settings | Accounts &amp; sync ? if so , you should be able to select the account then choose Menu | Sync now .
if you go into the mail client , go into the mailbox you want to check the mail for , then press menu while you are looking at the inbox , there should be a refresh option on the menu bar . that definitely seemed to go back to the server and check for new mail when i tried it with the hotmail account i have got set up in there just now , as it found the message i would sent a minute before .
apparently it is better known as ophone and started as a fork from the original android project , before google bought it . it looks to be mostly developed and supported by china mobile , although there are rumors they might shut down the project . ophone 3.0 is expected in q1 2012 .
like sachin shekhar said , you must use the following command : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n &lt;package_name&gt;/&lt;full_class_name&gt;  see a concrete example : getting the apk file from your android device or any market places running this command : aapt dump xmltree com.android.settings*.apk AndroidManifest.xml i would like to start " tethering " menu , so i search an activity in the output : (...) E: activity (line=190) A: android:name(0x01010003)=".TetherSettings" (Raw: ".TetherSettings") (...)  so the final command is : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.android.settings/.TetherSettings  the aapt command is part of the android sdk
use this : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n &lt;package_name&gt;/&lt;full_class_name&gt;  to control an app , you will have to put correct values of &lt;package_name&gt; and &lt;full_class_name&gt; in the command . for example , you can use com.google.gmail/com.google.gmail.check_mail ( hypothetical names ) as last part of command . obtaining package name of an app is easy , but obtaining class name of action is not . there are two problems : many app developers keep class info private . not all developers do smart modular programming . its good habit to divide an app in multiple classes which could be triggered by intents , but not all developers are smart . solution of 1st problem : decompile the app using apktool and see all info . there are also other ways , but this one is always-working method ( unless app is based on ndk instead of sdk ) . solution of 2nd problem : nothing . do not worry , most of popular apps follow best programming practice and they provide Public API from which you can get class info .
you can also set the suid bit on your ' sh ' . i am using busybox so instructions may not match your setup : adb shell su mount -o remount , rw /system ( or : adb remount ) ls -la /system/bin/sh lrwxr-xr-x root shell 2012-11-10 15:20 sh -> mksh chmod 4755 /system/bin/sh ls -la /system/bin/mksh -rwsr-xr-x root shell 157520 2012-11-10 09:54 mksh ( notice the suid bit is set ) ^d adb shell and you should have the root prompt
what are you trying to run as root for ? you are saying that you want to run adb shell with root but you do not want to use adb shell ? can you clarify ? if the application requests for root access , then the superuser application on your phone should handle giving it permission or not . the process in which you rooted your phone should have included a superuser application .
if i am understanding your question correctly , you are asking how to get root access automatically when you run adb shell , so that you do not have to go into the shell and type su to execute a command as root on your phone . this is controlled by a flag in your boot partition , which most custom roms have modified to allow root permission by default . if you get dropped to a $ when you use adb shell then you have two permanent options and one temporary one ( temporary meaning that it does not stick if you reboot ) : flash a rom that includes the modification create a custom boot . img and flash it to your phone restart adbd on your device with root permissions number 2 is actually not that difficult , but it can be somewhat dangerous if you are careless . there is a wiki article here which explains the process and includes a couple of perl scripts to help you . these instructions assume a linux/unix environment . i have personally used these instructions on fedora linux and can tell you that they work , but i do not know about other *nix environments like macs . i also do not know of any similar windows instructions , but i could try to track some down if you are on windows . the exact commands will vary somewhat from phone to phone since different devices use different partition tables . generally speaking , though , you need to pull your current boot . img from your phone , unpack it , extract the ramdisk , and find the default . prop file . this is a plaintext file , which you need to open in a text editor and then find the line that contains the value ro.secure . if the line says ro.secure=1 then you need to change it to ro.secure=0 . after that you can re-pack the ramdisk and boot . img , then flash it to your phone . once you reboot , you will be greeted with a # prompt whenever you perform adb shell without having to run su . alternatively , if you are using a custom rom but it does not have this modification , you can just unzip the rom and modify the boot . img that is included with it using the above steps . then you can zip up the rom with the newly modified boot . img and flash the zip file as you normally would . this probably goes without saying , but be careful when doing this . messing with your boot partition can quite easily wreck your phone and force you to recover via hboot . i would highly recommend testing fastboot to makes sure you can use extended fastboot commands and perform a recovery . this varies a bit based on your model , but most phones have some sort of desktop software that can be run to reflash the phone as well . the third option is that in many cases it may be possible to restart adbd on your device with root privileges . one possibility is to execute adb root from a pc terminal , although this will not work on all rom configurations ( the rom must be built as a " userdebug " one ) . you can also try chainfire 's adbd insecure app . this will not persist across a reboot , so you would need to use either the app or adb root again any time you restarted your phone .
well if you phone is rooted you can run commands with the " su -c " command . here is an example of a cat command on the build . prop file to get a phones product information . adb shell "su -c 'cat /system/build.prop |grep "product"'"  this invokes root permission and runs the command inside the ' ' notice the 5 end quotes , that is required that you close all your end quotes or you will get an error . for clarification the format is like this . adb shell "su -c '[your command goes here]'"  make sure you enter the command exactly the way that you normally would when running it in shell . give it a try , hope this helps .
simply install adbd insecure .
as an alternative , you could write your script on the phone and simply have adb execute it , for example : adb shell sh /sdcard/myscript.sh  the script can elevate itself without your intervention ( assuming superuser is set to remember the approval ) , for example : su pm setInstallLocation 1  i just did this on my phone with success , the only problem being that i have not quite figured out how to cleanly end the adb shell session . i have to ctrl-c in my windows shell to return to the windows command prompt -- otherwise adb just sits at the # prompt and does not accept input .
sd cards generally use the fat file system , which does not allow for filesystem permissions . this means that the android os would have to manage a custom list of files , their permissions , a mapping of apps to files/folders , etc . in order to prevent apps from accessing the whole card . this would be a terrible mess . not only complicated , but it would require a lot of storage space . and then one day you take out your sd card and remove some pictures , and the entire system breaks . you get the idea .
there are different mechanisms to store data in an android application that do not need the sd card access permission . you can create databases , store application parameters , create files on the internal storage . all these will not require any specific permissions and these data are accessible only by the application that created them . on the other side , if an application needs the sd card permission it may be because it as a very large amount of data to store or that it wants to modify/add/remove files such as in a file manager . but for important application specific data , the sd card if not recommended because it could be removed at anytime ( or mounted as a usb drive ) and not available to the applications . i think a lot of applications that ask sd access permission could use another type of data storage that would not require that . moreover , files created on the sd by an app will not be removed upon un-installation of the app but all other types of internal data storage will be . so to me it would be a better development practice not to use the sd if not required , and as you mentioned it would not scare people away like apps that access the whole sd .
as matthew read has explained , with a normal sd card using the fat file system , it is not possible to use the file permissions to control apps ' access , the same way that android controls their access to files on the internal filesystem . but now that android phones use internal storage instead of sd cards , and they use mtp to offer access over usb instead of the mass storage device class , android phones are free to use better filesystems for their large data storage . kitkat added a new mechanism for apps to store large files . in the internal usb storage , each app gets a private data directory , just like in the smaller device memory . ( on some devices , these might even be the very same filesystem . ) apps can access their private directory on this filesystem without needing any special permissions . it is also now possible for apps to only ask for the " read sd card " and " write sd card " permission on versions of android prior to kitkat , if they only need the sd card in order to use a private directory like this . the old shared directories like " downloads " , " music " , and " notifications " are still present just like before , and still need those same permissions for access . old apps that have not been updated for kitkat will still use those directories , not the new , private directories .
the browser does not directly control that ; it is the kernel 's choice , since the kernel is where the tcp implementation lives . however , one way the application can influence it is by setting the TCP_NODELAY option on the socket , which requests that the kernel disable nagle 's algorithm and send each chunk of data as soon as possible . this may be an optimization : since many http requests contain only headers and no body , it is better for the kernel to send a packet with the headers immediately , instead of waiting a little while to see if the browser produces any more data that could fit into the same packet .
this xda thread provides a method for rooting without unlocking , though i do not know if it will still work for 2.3.6 . worth a shot . if i does not i think you had need to downgrade your firmware to avoid unlocking , which would wipe your data anyways . as for backing up without root , see how can data on an unrooted phone be backed up ?
i was able to flawlessly root nexus one with stock 2.3.6 with doomlord 's easy rooting toolkit [ v4.0 ] ( zergrush exploit ) . this also installed busybox and superuser app . no bootloader unlock or wipe was performed and no user data or apps were lost . some useful info can be also obtained here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/wiki/htc_nexus_one/flashing_guide
to answer the question - to speed that thing up you need to roll back to cm4 or another android 1.6 based rom . i have a magic and have used several roms including cms 4 , 5 and 6 . it is unfortunately hamstrung by its first-generation hardware - you simply are not going to get both features and speed from this phone , period . android 2 . x roms do not make the magic faster . with all their config options they can make some things appear fast but this comes at the cost of performance in other areas .
i have tried several roms on htc magic : stock 1.5 , sense 1.5 , cm6.1 and yoshimod gingerbread i always benchmarked the phone with quadrant for each new rom , i found out that sense was better than plain 1.5 , then cm 6.1 was faster than sense , but the faster for me was yoshimod with gingerbread , had no troubles with it . . . cm6.1 was also solid though . check this post for info on yoshimod gingerbread for htc magic install ginger yoshi 1.4 on htc magic 32a , which radio do i need ?
if you install pelya’s xsdl server from google play , you can use x11 aplications . in gnuroot type : apt-get install xfce4 it will install the xfce4 desktop environment and xorg with some utilities . and after several minutes of packages downloading and making configurations , start xsdl and set your favorite display resolution and zoom , and then type in gnuroot : display=127.0.0.1:0.0 startxfce4 switching to xsdl app , the xfce4 starts and you can now use the graphical interface . i found this solution at : http://www.r-ohjelmointi.org/?p=1434 some other things : * change font size as in ordinary gnome . * moving a flat finger is same as click and drag , for resizing etc . * i have to press the back button on the pad to get the screen keyboard displayed . this overlays lower part of x window though . * no terminal emulators seem to work properly . however , gnuroot can be used for that . * applications like gnu planner , gretl and gnu cash work without problems .
well , you could try going into settings - wireless and networks - mobile networks - tick use only 2g networks . that will disable 3g connectivity . if you wish to disable mobile data , then un-tick the mobile data option .
airplane mode would kill the 3g connection . . . . but it would also kill the wifi connection . apndroid can kill just the 3g connection . as for the actual 3g problem . . . have you talked to your carrier ? does your phone have to know some sort of preferred roaming list that it is missing ?
chrome flags ( accessed by going to chrome://flags on chrome ) are basically on/off switches for experimental and dangerous ( hence the warning at the top of the flags page ) features not yet officially announced in a chrome release . they are most definitely not scams , but are experiments intended for testing by developers and beta testers of chrome .
this has been resolved in android 4.1 , a.k.a. " jelly bean " . now google voice prompt appears instantly no matter how it is triggered . since the google voice app has not changed , my original thinking that it is the app 's fault was incorrect . still no idea what is causing it on earlier os versions .
i was able to replicate your issue . you need to disable hardware acceleration in developer options . this step is for the samsung galaxy s4 , but you should be able to find something similar for your tablet : Settings &gt; More &gt; Developer Options &gt; Force GPU rendering .
apn settings are necessary for data service on gsm and related networks ( umts , lte ) to work . it defines what network to connect to and the configuration of the network ( e . g . the gateway gprs support node address , which is the interface between the mobile network and the public internet ) . apn settings are always required for data service on gsm and related networks . the reason why you did not need to enter them before would be either that you purchased the device from the carrier , in which case it would have been pre-configured with their apn settings , that the rom ( either stock or custom ) included your previous carrier in their apn database , or your phone was able to accept automatic configuration from the carrier . most custom roms and some stock ones ( in the case of direct-from-the-manufacturer devices ) include an extensive database of different carrier 's apns and android can automatically choose the correct one ( based on information from the sim card ) so you do not have to enter stuff manually .
the apn ( access point name ) is generally the gateway between your providers 3g network and the internet . they are usually auto-detected but occasionally you have to enter them manually when you swap providers .
i have similar problem , on reading this thread i checked on the proximity sensor on the techno f7 and discovered it was somewhat blocked , i cleaned the blockade and everything went fine . the proximity sensor is located at the right of the speaker it is a small oblong shaped spot .
disclaimer : i have a samsung galaxy s4 just giving this a shot in case it works . are you using the stock phone app ? maybe you have the Turn off screen during calls checked .
fragmentation is caused by a number of things , here are a few : screen resolutions - you can have a varying degree of screen sizes between phones ( and tablets ) . solution ? developers have to make sure their uis scale gracefully . it is not much different than creating websites for different screen resolutions . this is not a new problem . apple " solved " this by forcing their phones to have one resolution ( plus a 2x resolution which make it easy to scale things up ) . see android dev guide for some more information . hardware - no phone is exactly like another phone . beyond screen sizes , we have different processors ( or multiple ! ) , different video graphics , different sizes of memory ( on board and external ) , different keyboards ( or no keyboards ! ) , ( optional ) notification lights , ( optional ) track balls , ( optional ) cellular antennas , etc , etc , etc . there are at least 500 different types of android devices out there . one thing may run great on my phone , but not yours due to different hardware limitations . operating system - each flavor of android brings out new apis for developers to use . this means that developers have to conditionally check whether or not they can use these apis based on the device in use . additionally , carriers/manufacturers can be slow at updating ( or may never update ) their devices ' software . so some devices may " lag behind " in updates . even more : some manufactures like to skin/theme android to their own liking ( touchwiz , motoblur , etc . ) . this can cause some fragmentation as a stock version of android behaves a bit different than a device with a skin .
from logical point of view if you create an app with sdk 1.5 it should run on devices with os version 1.5 and higher . but reality is a bit different . the same application that works on samsung device with 1.5 may not work on htc with the same os version and vice versa . also there is no 100% guarantee that it will work on other devices with newer os versions . why ? there is no strict standard on hardware/software implementation among all android manufacturers . every manufacturer makes his own device and makes his own version of android os for the device which complies to the relevant sdk version , but has some additions/differences . and these differences lead to the fragmentation .
in the settings option you have application manager . in application manager if you swipe to the left you will get apps installed on the sd card . it should look something like this :
there is keyboard app in the google play store called swype which has many handy shortcuts - such as copy , paste , select all , etc . the shortcuts involve swiping certain keys . when i use swype i find these shortcuts to be incredibly efficient and helpful .
problem was solved by unchecking the option in my android mobile --> " use wireless networks " in " location and security settings " .
you will need android debug bridge to do that . you will find a tutorial for that here .
go to Settings -&gt; About phone menu and scroll all the way to the bottom : tap the " selinux status " menu 3 times in a row in a quick succession . this will bring up a prompt asking you to confirm enabling the other modes : be aware that currently this feature is still under heavy development , and is not supported on all devices yet .
it is unlikely that your phone is useless . from the symptoms you state , it sounds like you have done one or more of the following , rooted your phone unlocked the bootloader installed a custom recovery installed a custom rom if even any one of these is true , the ota update will fail and redownload itself because it thinks it was a bad package download .
as the policy says : this enables the administrator to erase all data . as it is a device administrator ( and not a user admin ) , this applies to the entire device . idea behind this is to protect sensitive corporate data , which might be contained in your exchange account . in case the device gets lost , your it admin can trigger the " data self destruct " . sounds like using atomics to kill a fly to me ( would not it be enough to destroy all those exchange app data ? ) ; but of course you could have copied sensitive data to any other part of the device . besides , that is usually not the only policy installed with an exchange account . in most cases it also includes that you have to use certain lock mechanisms ( e . g . you no longer can use a pattern , but have to use a pin or password ) , and in some cases even other stuff . which is one of the reasons i would never accept such an account on my device .
while not the easiest way around the problem , it is possible to do this using tasker . this is a program that allows you to script various things within android ( e . g . i have it set to turn off the keyguard when i connect to my home ssid . ) the following profile for detecting wi-fi signal is quoted from this thread : profile : low wifi ( 1 ) i have never personally done anything that complicated with the wi-fi , but the profiles i have set around ssid work like a charm .
an app like permissions can tell you the meaning of the different types of permissions . for receive text messages ( sms ) : allows the app to receive and process sms messages . this means the app could monitor or delete messages sent to your device without showing them to you .
as far as i have been able to tell , there is no official information on what this permission is for . i have seen this in another app in the last little while . the google hangouts app recently gained the sms permission and uses it ( in addition to displaying your phone 's sms messages in the app ) to process phone number confirmation texts : the hangouts app processes the sms message and verifies your number without requiring you to enter the code ( or even showing you the sms message ) . if i had to make an educated guess , i would assume the twitter app is doing something similar , but again , there is no official word on the purpose of this .
i was concerned about this as well and decided to decompile the app to find out what it is doing . twitter receives sms messages via a broadcastreceiver in com . twitter . applib . client . smsreceiver . here is what the code looks like after decompiling it to java with dex2jar and jd-gui . you see see here that when a text message is received , the app passes the message to a ( ) and checks that it comes from twitter 's number . then it writes the content of the message to shared preferences . as problematic suggested , the app is only verifying your number and not doing anything malicious . although twitter is not doing anything malicious , it would have been nice if they would have explained why the app needs this permission in the last update .
if anyone dealing with the same issue , i have found a solution on this link . it is for froyo , but you can look on xda-developers for gingerbread too , it is the same procedure .
the problem was a bug that this specific version had , if you are using this specific version i strongly advise you to update .
directly in the google play we can give a feedback for google services . go to the link https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gms . this link will open google play going directly to " google services " .
i once spent 2 hours trying to find a way to report a bug in google service on android , and it is apparently next to impossible to do , at least from user point of view . there is no bug tracker , theoretically you could use some mailing lists , but there is no guarantee any google employee actually reads them . there is also absolutely no way to contact support unless you purchased device through play store ( you need to enter valid order number ) , so people ( like myself ) buying nexus 7 from local reseller have no access to support . to summarize : you can not .
then post your question where it is sure to be seen : googleplus help . that link is , after all , one of the few links the closed page offers with any actual developer interaction . i looked , and saw many questions were way off-topic , but the questioners were usually led to the right forum , or had their question answered . and you can always point back to the " closed forum " page you referenced as your reason for being there . you have a legitimate question ; let them know that , the only way that seems possible !
on the tasker homepage there is a section called " plans " where the developers outline future ideas that they might incorporate into the product : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/todo.html also listed on this page are those two lines : actions/tasks : vpn ( dis/re ) connect events/states : vpn connected so it is not included yet but it might be at some point in the future . again citing from the page : this is an informal list of features under consideration for tasker .
your device does not have an armv7 processor . it has an armv6 . you can confirm this by attempting to download apps like temple run and firefox from the market - these all need armv7 processors . you can also install device info to check it yourself , it gives you detailed information . also , according to gsm arena your processor is clocked to 600mhz - the same as most armv6 devices .
android 4.3 which has been just announced comes with multi-user with restricted profiles feature which allows the tablet owner to have granular control over the other user accounts on the device . and you can also control other aspects of the device : mature content filtering , access to games and user-generated content , and even specific applications
there are plenty of apps on play supporting that already . the first coming to my mind is paw server , which allows that and many more things ( basically , you can remote-administrate your device via wifi with this app ) . other , similar apps might offer the remote-ring as well . several anti-theft apps for example .
hmmm . . . . suggestion : create a simple android app that is listening for a broadcast on socket - over udp broadcast ? once it receives the broadcast , start playing a loud tune a la " ring " from your workstation , make a simple python app to execute by transmitting a simple broadcast packet destined for your said device profit \o/ edit fairly recently google rolled out android device manager , which it gets downloaded stealthily and sneakily , not confined to just jellybean , it applies to all versions of android going back to eclair ( 2.1 ) . this can be found in : settings > location and security > device administrators ( for gingerbread ) settings > security > device administrators ( for jellybean ) using this device manager and even if its not activated yet , go to the web interface https://google.com/android/devicemanager one can actually instigate : ringing the handset by way of the website contacting your handset provided the handset meets the criteria : signed into your google account geo location is activated handset registered with google play if location is activated , the web front end will actually locate the device for you on the map right down to the gps coordinates .
for your purpose you can use android lost .
it is quite an easy task . see the source of the inputdevices system package . or get the ready to use polish programmers external keyboard layout plugin from there : https://sites.google.com/site/polishhardwarekbd/ you will find the app source there as well . regards .
i am interested in this too . however , as a temporary fix i found that the soft keyboard you have selected seems to affect the way a bluetooth keyboard functions . for example : i usually use go ! keyboard . while i have this selected my shift key is a latch ( double press for shift-lock ) and ctrl-c and ctrl-v do not function . however , when i switch to hacker 's keyboard , shift requires me to hold it down and ctrl-c , -v and -a all work as they would on a pc . what i would really like to do is edit the way the fn- functions or some of the iphone of mac keys work to attatch them to my back , recents and menu buttons . this must be possible because one of the keys already works as ' home . '
two ways to flash official update from manufacturer on rooted phone : 1 ) look for flashable zip with untouched or just rooted official rom with latest updates included . 2 ) revert your rom and bootloader to manufacturers default and then install update you can find stock roms and instructions to revert to stock in xda developers forums
the fm transmitter solution works , but can be a bit unreliable as you drive around , moving through areas with different interference etc . the transmitter works by sending the radio signal out at low power on a particular frequency , so if there is something bigger ( like a real radio station ) broadcasting on the same frequency you will hear that instead . i have a transmitter that can be battery-powered or plugged into the cigar lighter - it only works satisfactorily when plugged in . the quality of the sound also depends on how good the fm reception is in your car . as for the power issue , you can get splitters for the standard car cigar lighter ; search amazon for " car power splitter " for examples , such as : http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/b001jprlpm/ref=mp_s_a_5?qid=1293873275sr=8-5 if the transmitter works for you in your car and your location , and you can put up with the wires dangling around the car , then it is an ok ( not great ) solution . another simple method would be to replace your stock car stereo with one that has a 3.5mm aux input , and plug the phone straight in .
i have something similar to this parrot handsfree kit that i use for handsfree calls , but primarily for playing music from my desire through my car stereo ( which is of similar vintage ) . that approach has the advantage that you can control the music from the handsfree kit , not having to worry about which pocket your phone is in . yeah i am curious too . . it seems to use bluetooth . i do not think my car stereo has bluetooth support it does , but it handles all of that . my stereo does not have bluetooth either , but the phone connects to the handsfree kit , which then hands either a mono audio stream ( handsfree ) or stereo ( music ) to the stereo 's appropriate inputs .
you want to enable wireless isolation mode . on the linksys this is called ap isolation . from wirelessisolation . com : wireless isolation , sometimes called client isolation , is a setting on a wireless router . when this setting is enabled it prevents a computer that is connected to the network by a wireless connection from accessing computers and resources that are connected to the network by a wired connection . it will also prevent one wirelessly connected device from connecting to another wirelessly connected device . in essence isolating that device on the wireless network . this is used as a method of security so that you can provide both wired and wireless connection through the same network without opening up secured computers and resources to potentially unwanted visitors . this can be very helpful in businesses that have a wireless hotspot located in their lobby for example . without wireless isolation anyone on a wireless internet connection in a wifi hotspot would not only have full access to the computers and resources in the company’s network , but also to the various wireless devices that were using the wifi hotspot at that time . most wireless router makers will support wireless isolation in one form or another , if you already have a router and are curious to see if it comes with wireless isolation or not you can check your products manual , or log into your router and check the security tab .
how it works is that mobile companies buy the rights to the android os to change the boot screen menu . thus allowing them to set a brand logo on the start-up menu . you are going to have to contact megafon to unbrand the device as it is a clear indication that the phone was branded to be locked by them . or you are going to have to uninstall the android os and re-install it again . this os versions can be found on the android homepage .
i tried to format /sdcard/ via the recovery , but it would do nothing , contrary to what it logs . so finally i have formatted it via newfs_msdos ( /system/ needs to be mounted , the command is located at /system/bin/newfs_msdos ) : and then my sdcard was fine , i could write on it and use it via usb . i guess it was somewhat corrupted .
you should try this command to remount as rw : remount -o remount,rw /mnt/sdcard 
some troubleshooting suggestions : does the sms only show up in go , or does it also show up in the stock " messaging " app ? if it only shows up in go , we know it is an issue with that app . if not , an actual sms is being received by your phone . if it is a go problem , try clearing the go app cache completely . if the issue still persists , explore if it might be contact related as someone else suggested . if you sync your contacts with google , temporarily un-sync them so they go away and reboot . do you still get an sms ? if you are actually getting an sms ( feels unlikely ) you might want to contact your carrier just in case , they will probably be able to submit an error report so that someone can look into it . please supply more info on how your problem develops and i will try to expand my answer .
have you tried switching off " location sharing " ? it is under " privacy settings " in settings menu . read more here
generally it is the first google account you add to the phone that is associated with the market .
note that the google play store now allows use of multiple accounts ! in the app , press the menu button and hit accounts to see the currently selected account and to choose another . when you buy or install an app , it will show the email address being used ( on the preview page , where you select the payment method , permissions and such ) . you can still back out at that point . it is right at the top , at least in the newest market . ( bigger picture here )
if you visit play . google . com and click on " my android apps " , you will be able to see which apps were downloaded for each of your accounts . on mine , my entire app list shows on my personal google account , and only the system apps show on my google apps account . if you have a similar scenario , it is probably safe to conclude that your personal account will be used for on-device purchases .
it is probably worth noting that standard google apps accounts can not use checkout at all , so you can not put a credit card on them , and so can not pay for market apps . only apps accounts upgraded over the last couple of months to the upgraded apps accounts can ( if your account was upgraded you should have got an email with the title " your google apps account now works more like a full google account . " if you have not then the only account you can use to buy apps on the market is your personal one .
yon can buy apps on http://market.android.com/ using browser . this way you can be sure with which account you are logged in .
without a volume-down key , you can not : go into recovery mode/download mode without a pc reduce the volume ( duh ) select options in cwm take screenshots in aosp-based roms possible workarounds , by order of mention above : use adb reboot recovery / adb reboot bootloader , as said in the comments use a usb jig to force the phone to boot into download mode go into settings > sound > volumes and change values from there use twrp or cwm touch instead use third-party apps . i think gravitybox for xposed has the option to add a screenshot option and advanced reboot to the power menu , but i have not been using xposed for a long time .
hope this is not patronising , but did you go to sound settings and check that the " safe headset volume " button is deselected ?
at the moment the gmail app does not support normal email views , only the conversation view is available . as a workaround i believe you can open your gmail account to allow pop3 access , and then you can use the default email application , instead of the gmail application .
32 dbm equates to 1584.89mw according to this calculator : http://www.radiolabs.com/stations/wifi_calc.html assuming a 12 dbi antenna gain from the comments above , that gives us 44 db of antenna power . the signal loss for 2400 mhz/km is 100.03db , citing the same site . at the assumed 44db of power , we will round and say . 044km which is ~144 feet . since throughput is inversely related , you are going to have a pretty poor download speed at 144 feet , barring there is nothing between the phone and the computer , on a clear day . this is half guesswork , but hopefully it helps .
there is miui : miui is one of the most popular android roms in the world . it is based on android 2.3 and 4.0 , featuring better experience and richer themes . miui is updated every friday based on the feedback from its users . regarding the themes : over 500 themes created by fans available original third-party theme-changing program massive online themes for your choice themes can be found at miuithemes for your specific request , concerning an ios-like theme if you can not find it at the provided link , you can find it here : xda-developers thread : theme for miui to mimic ios droidforums thread : [ theme ] ios theme port ( based on the previous )
espier launcher is a homescreen replacement that mimics ios quite well , and still allows for some of android 's features to shine through ( widgets , customization , etc ) . unfortunately , it is apparently built by a small chinese dev shop , so it does have a few quirks . for one , it intalls some bloatware app store that is all in chinese , although it is easy enough to hide it from the launcher . there is also some weird mis-translations in the app 's settings . despite these shortcomings , it is a faithful reproduction of ios 's homescreen , and the folder/scrolling/long press animations are spot-on .
aix weather widget does hourly forecast in a graph . you can find it here : google play link several different widgets have multiple day forecasts . technically , i wrote a widget that does up to 7 day forecast graph , but i could not even get my friends interested in it enough to test on their own hardware . it works for me .
i can without reservation heartily recommend eweather . it does all you are asking for and more . i would be happy to pay for it if i had not gotten it as an amazon free app .
i have a rooted b and n nook tablet and see this same sort of thing . applications are identified primarily by their package name , and most app authors do not bother using a different package name across markets . my nook has the b and n market , the amazon appstore , and google play . these three markets tend to get into a game of tug of war , each trying to update apps to the version they see as most current . the thing to keep in mind is that , just because that market says it has an update does not mean it really is a newer version of the app than what you have , just that the version number is different . i get this quite a lot with the revisions of netflix on my nook as google play likes it at one revision number while the b and n market likes it at another . if your goal is to be completely rid of update notifications from apps you can not update , your best bet is to factory reset your kindle . a complete factory reset will get rid of google play and will eliminate the update notifications . then you can re-install the apps you have purchased via the kindle 's native app store . alternatively , you can re-root your device and let google play updates complete . i do not think this is the best solution for you , though , since your device could end up like mine with different markets each clamoring to apply their own updates in a continuous loop .
kindle fire sometimes has lower versions of apps than google play . install the google play update if you can , but if not then just ignore it or uninstall google play by using es file explorer ( outside source ) or something else . with es file explorer ( kindle appstore source ) ( it is also in the kindle appstore ) just go to app manager , select google play and uninstall it .
does sending notifications require a special permission ? if it does , permissions denied could help .
if you are on jelly bean and rooted you can use an app i built to manage notifications for all applications from a single place . notifications off allows you to turn off notifications for all applications . it can also automatically disable notifications for new apps as soon as they are installed . the next version will have support for profiles , tasker integration and a widget for switching profiles .
update : it is posible to disable notifications of individual apps on system level in jelly bean ( 4.1 ) . under each application info screen there is now a checkbox for " show notifications " ( assuming the app sends notifications ) . uncheck that and no more notifications from that app . you can get to the screen by going to Settings | Apps | {application} or , more conveniently , long-pressing the notification itself and then tapping " app info " . more details in this article . notifications are handled on a per-app basis . the only way to turn them off is inside that particular application 's settings . this menu - unlike on ios - can he accessed from inside the application . it is usually an option that comes up after pressing your menu button , or if your phone does not have one than it is hidden behind the overflow menu ie . the three dots . in the case of scramble with friends there is a settings icon on the main screen . there is an option to set the polling interval . the default is 5 minutes .
ok , this is not the answer , this is some kind of " workaround " that i do not like . it works but makes me memorize another super key combo . and with that settings i get this results : using alt+shift feels unnatural and i would like to get the same behavior that i have got on my pc , but for now this works .
this looks like a problem with your phone , because i know many s2 owners who have not had this problem . it is better you get the phone to your dealer and have it repaired or just try a factory reset , you might have installed an app that messed with the system files . all this is assuming your router is fine !
samsung modifed the modem component of android and it is buggy in galaxy s . the solution is to root the phone and replace the modem part of it .
i had the same problem on a home wifi network - i had the router configured to run 802.11b/g/n . the problem disappeared when i reconfigured the router to 802.11b/g only .
just saw this today . . . androidspin : turn your android into a keyboard and mouse for your playstation 3 or pc another reason we all love technology , thanks to some clever development by xda member berserker_devel , you can now use your rooted android device as a keyboard or mouse on your playstation 3 . the app , blueputdroid , has been released in beta form and allows your phone’s screen to be used as a cursor and virtual or physical keyboard to input text . this app could also be used for your pc , for those that really want the most from there device ( s ) . either way it could save you quite a bit of money on buying wireless input devices for your toys ( provided they have bluetooth and are supported ) . a limited number of devices supported at present but it is being actively developed so something to keep an eye on even if it does not cover your device right now .
i can confidently refer you to my own app , androidrc . it works for all android devices with all windows pc os versions ( tried and tested , stable , minor bugs not included . . ) . it does require a server app , but for that you get some extra windows program native support apart from the mouse and keyboard : vlc player bs player winamp player powerpoint itunes windows power controls windows media keys control
i have not tried it myself but premotedroid states it works over bluetooth . from the market : use your phone as a remote control device ( like gmote ) for your computer over wifi and bluetooth ! main features : - mouse and keyboard control - file explorer - screen capture
there is an app project on google code that does this : androhid it does not offer you a full keyboard , it is meant more as a remote for wireless presenting or audio/video controls , etc . ( much like older sonyericsson feature phones , e.g. the k- vor w-series did ) . you need root . it seems inactive at the moment ( last release from 2010 ) and it is not in the play store .
you could download teamviewer for android and then download teamviewer portable ( scroll down some ) . this way you could run teamviewer from your usb drive without having to install it and then connect with teamviewer for android . i have used it to connect to my home computer and download some files - it works great on my evo . hope this helps edit - i could not wait to try it so i gave it a shot . it works pretty well but you can only access the main display ( can not point things out with the mouse on a secondary display ) . also i needed to enable the " presenter view " so that i could click the " next " arrow since the presentation was on the secondary display . the computer i tried it on was on wifi and my evo was on 3g .
usually you can get some human readable partition names using :  find /dev/block -path \*/by-name -exec ls -l {} \; 
on android it is not that easy to modify the " fstab " , as that is often stored inside the boot-image ( see wikipedia on " initrd " for a more detailed explanation ) . however , depending on the device , there might be alternative solutions . some of them would be : directorybind binds " directories located on external_sd to directories on internal memory ( /sdcard ) . this way you can transfer large application data directories to external_sd . " ( in other words , you could compare that with " symbolic links " , pointing to the external sdcard ) . see also this article . swap internal and external sdcard . according to the linked article , this should work for any android phone or tablet . this solution is comparable to your " editing of fstab " . root external 2 internal sd is an app to swap the cards . from its description , it does the same as described in the previous point . there might be more solutions around , but these are the ones i have heard of . hope one of them can help you out !
you can use an app like autostarts ( requires root ) to manage which apps can listen to which events . you just need to remove car home from the docking event .
the cacert application should work ; it does not work on older devices . you may also want to use the curated list the guardian project puts out : rationale here ; direct link here . requires 2.2 or newer .
this system bar is part of android , and is used when the device does not have any hardware buttons to press . as such , it cannot be hidden . it should not , however , impact upon gameplay - this is an issue with the app , and you should contact the app developer to have it fixed .
some custom rom 's have a feature which will disable navigation bar and status bar , one well-known is paranoidandroid with it is feature " expanded desktop " . apart from that i do not know about any other ways to hide the navigation bar . new cyanogenmod-versions will also contain this functionality : https://plus.google.com/u/0/117962666888533781522/posts/dyssezeq8sf
because the emulator is buggy and slow and should be avoided if possible when developing . i am assuming its because of the general problem with emulators , it is trying to mimic hardware functions on a software level which is extremely inefficient .
firefox mobile or another browser would need to support this directly for such an extension to work . do you need a screenshot , or do you just need to view pages offline ? in the latter case , the answers to this question might help : viewing web pages offline .
you can use browsers that support add-ons . for example , i use dolphin browser and use the add-on called " screen cut " / " dolphin screen cut " which allows freestyle screenshot so you can rearrange and measure a certain area of the screen if you so choose it over than a whole screen capture . you can also use maxthon browser which supports this .
you might want to check out the dolphin browser . it supports many extensions , two of them doing exactly what you want : dolphin screen cut web to pdf
firefox mobile + addon fennec screenshot does that job perfectly .
i realize that this is too late to help the op , who apparently could not be bothered to follow up , but for future readers that might come across this in a search . . . samsung products are pretty picky about the chargers they will recognize , and there can be several problems using " known-good " chargers . most after-market chargers are designed for apple devices , and will not quick charge most android devices without a special cable or adapter . but even with this special charging adapter/cable , some chargers will not work for samsung even though they might work for , say , lg ( i have this scenario , so i know about it ) . also , most usb ports , and many chargers , cannot supply more than . 5 amps , which is not enough for many phones or tablets . so , the bottom line is to always keep the original charger and cable to test the device , and if you can , try to get a replacement before you need it , so you can compare it to the original to make sure it works . otherwise , if your original goes bad , and you get a replacement that does not work also , you will never know where the problem lies .
this would be the toolkit needed to help alleviate your bootloop . read the whole thread to fully understand what is going on . http://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-4/orig-development/toolkit-wugs-nexus-root-toolkit-v1-8-2-t2015469 you will be able to root your device , fix your problem , then if wanted you can relock your device or install a custom rom . i used this on my nexus 7 , when i accidentally wiped everything ( turned it into a paper weight ) . there were other ways to fix , but the toolkit is by far the easiest . hope this helps and good luck !
not sure if this helps , but i have a samsung galaxy s2 . i use go sms pro for texting , instead of the stock messaging app . the vibration settings can be configure through the app itself . in the stock messaging app , i could not find any option for vibration .
if your phone is in vibration mode then by default the phone vibrates for a small amount of time if you receive an sms . to customize it , i mean to increase the vibration to a little longer period you have to install some applications from the android market . try vibrate tools app from the android market .
you can enable vibrate for sms from Messaging -&gt; Menu key -&gt; Settings -&gt; Notification settings -&gt; Vibrate . not sure about email since i use k-9 ( in case you use it too it is in the app , Long-press the account -&gt; Account settings -&gt; Notifications -&gt; Vibrate ) .
if you want your galaxy ii to vibrate when your receive a text : go to the " conversations " page in the messaging application ( stock ) . ie . where you can view a list of your conversations . hit the " menu " button select " setting " from the " menu " list find " notification settings " towards the bottom of the page . select " vibrate " then , " always "
this is not an answer as such , more of a work-around . the other poster mentioned paid apps that can revoke permissions . i suggest to try using srt appguard , i have used it to install apps that are not supposed to be on a tablet on my nexus 7 and other wifi-only devices ( most notably whatsapp ) by revoking the device id permission .
this was available in cm7 , but got removed in cm9 and above , for reasons i do not know myself . it is possible that the maintainers of cm could not find a way to make this compatible with android 4+ and so left it out . there are apps on the market that can do this , such as permissions denied however this is now a paid app , and i am unable to report whether this works . edit : ad eldarerathis pointed out in the comments , there is an open feature request to add this to cm10 and later . i suggest you follow this request for updates .
analysis luckily , logcat gave the ip address along ( in my case : 74.125.93.113 ) . on my pc , i first checked with the browser ( "https://74.125.93.113/" ) -- and in fact , connection timed out . next i checked what is behind the ip : host 74.125.93.113 113.93.125.74.in-addr.arpa domain name pointer qw-in-f113.1e100.net.  did not tell me anything . but checking with /etc/hosts on the android device , i found the entry : 74.125.93.113 android.clients.google.com  a lookup of that host reveiled : the ip 74.125.93.113 no longer belongs to it -- which explains the trouble . solution the solution requires root , unfortunately , as /etc/hosts is owned by root and read-only for everybody else . furthermore , /etc is just a symbilic link to /system/etc , which means the entire file system is read only . what you need root a terminal emulator app ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) what to do open the terminal app , and follow these steps : now just wait a short time -- or simply call up google play to check . it should not take long for the lights to turn green again .
a lot of sdcards are formatted as exfat ( extended fat32 - which is better than fat32 in a number of aspects for flash media , including support for larger than 4gb files ) . unfortunately , this is a licensed and proprietary technology and custom roms can not legally include support . if you have a card reader for your computer , you can use that to back up the contents of your sdcard . then you can right click on the drive in my computer and select format . select fat32 and let it do its thing . when it is finished , copy the contents back to the drive and put it back in your phone . if you do not have access to a card reader , then you will either need to use another phone to back up your content on the card , or possibly , see if you can still enable usb mass storage in recovery ( most likely under the mounts and storage menu depending on the recovery used ) . if you can not do either , then you can just format the sdcard from within recovery , which will put the filesystem to standard fat32 and make it readable in your custom rom , although , this will erase all the content on the card .
it turns out that the location or link to the external sdcard has moved from /sdcard/external_sd to /extsdcard , while the /sdcard/external_sd was blank . so i thought that the card was not mounted , but in fact it was .
i faced a similar problem on my lg android handset , but then i realized that i had not done my ' sms cleanup ' for the last 6 months . i deleted all old messages , then things started working fine ! it turned out to be a basic maintenance issue .
when this happens to me , i disable the data on the device and re-enable it and the message usually goes through . you can also just try switching to airplane mode and then turn off airplane mode .
this happens sometimes . i believe its a bug with the messaging app . i used to have this . i suggest force closing the application ( settings -> manage application -> messaging -> force stop ) once done , just reboot for safe measure . this should fix your problem . : )
did you install recover ( such as amon-ra or malez ) ? in that case you can just reboot in recovery using the free application from the market " quick boot " and do from the recovery a wipe all . if not it is time to find out which kind of recovery is best for you ( and your device ) and install it : ) ps if you add further details and/or questions i can answer more accurately
boot in a custom recovery ( cwm , twrp or anything similar ) and format /data , /cache , /system , /sdcard ( or /emmc ) , /external-sdcard ( or /sd-ext or anything like that ) now install with odin a stock rom and it is all back to like it was when you first got it
to completely format your device , you need to use odin and an odin-able rom ( preferably stock ) . note that the device can not be blank . you should always have firmware on it . download odin 1.85 from here and extract it . download stock firmware ( listed here ) , you probably want jpkf3 . put your phone into download mode ( you may have to attempt this a couple times ) : power off the phone hold voldown + ok : click the power button let go of voldown + ok when the android icon with " downloading . . . " underneath appears start odin connect your phone to usb and ensures it shows up in odin ( a yellow box with a com port will be shown ) . if it does not , disconnect and reconnect . if it still does not , reboot your phone and start over from ( 3 ) . click the pda button in odin and choose the firmware file you downloaded . click start and wait till " pass " appears in the message area . if it fails , start over from ( 3 ) . normally , to completely wipe the device , you would select " re-partition " in odin . however , this apparently can brick the galaxy s ii ! so do not do it . i guess it only works consistently with the original galaxy s .
that is something not easy to be simulated by tasker , but should be possible . the most likely trick is working with variables -- an approach you find described at google groups : how to default profile ? ( check the post by nikita popov ) . that example just defines a single default profile to fall back on if no other profile is active . a more complex example would properly make use of variables like %PACTIVE ( currently active profile ) , in the way that a " lower-priority " profile would contain the condition that the higher is not contained in %PACTIVE ( so it only becomes the active profile if no " higher-priority " profile is currently running ) .
chahk 's answer really deserves more attention , great answer . i would however recommend the app diskusage , which gives a better visualization of used space . for the best features , root is recommended , but not strictly needed .
if you are rooted , this is quite easy to find out . first you need to find the app 's package name , e.g. com.swype.android.inputmethod for swype , or com.google.android.apps.maps for google maps , for example . you can usually search for the app in android market , and the link will contain its package name , e.g. https://market.android.com/details?id=com.google.android.apps.maps would be the link to google maps . usually the package names are descriptive enough that you can simply guess which app they represent just by looking at it . you can do a few simple ls commands in terminal emulator or adb shell to find out the app 's name , and where it is stored . however , you will need to have root access to the device since app and data storage is protected . pre-installed apps are generally located in /system/app directory . use the command ls -l /system/app/ to find how much space a particular system app is taking up : on most stock roms you will see an . odex file along with a . apk file for each app - those are pre-compiled binaries optimized for your given device . you cannot remove them . 3rd-party apps are installed to /data/app or /data/app-private directories . command ls -l /data/app/[package_name_here]* should return the amount of space taken up by this app on internal memory . for example , here 's the output of looking at google maps apk : the app data and settings are located on /data/data/ partition . there you will find a directory for each installed app , e.g. /data/data/com.google.android.apps.maps/ for preferences and settings related to the google maps app . again , ls -l /data/data/com.google.android.apps.maps/* will return a listing of all files with their sizes : android 2.2 ( froyo ) introduced the ability to move apps to sd card ( or " external storage " on some devices ) . this introduces a level of complexity since portions of the app get moved around . for every app that you move to sd card/media area , the system creates a virtual mount point named /dev/block/dm-X , where " x " is a sequential number . it them moves the app 's apk ( android package ) file and some preferences there . you can view this by issuing a mount command in shell/terminal emulator . along with other usual mounts , it should show which apps were moved to sd card like in an example below : here i moved astro file manager and atrackdog apps to the sd card on my phone . use ls /mnt/asec/ to view the directories created for the moved apps . issuing command ls -l /mnt/asec/* will list the file sizes within those folders : the wrapper for the virtual partition gets stored inside a hidden " . android_secure " folder of the sd card : once moved the app 's apk will no longer be under /data/app/ or /data/app-private/ folders . another area of interest is dalvik cache - an area that contains cached data for each installed app . upon first boot-up or new app installation the system generates a . dex file for each app that it uses for quicker start-up . these files are stored on /data/dalvik-cache/ partition . command ls -l /data/dalvik-cache/*[package_name_here]* will return the space taken up by the app 's dalvik cache . for example , here 's how much space is taken up by google maps app : next , the /cache partition of the internal memory may be used by apps . the command ls -l /cache/ will show you all files stored there , along with sizes and owner information . for example , on my phone here 's the output : besides the standard directories , there is a file named downloadfile-1.apk that belongs to something named " app_13" . i can cross-reference this " app_13" name to the listing of ls -l /data/data/ to see that this file belongs to android 's built-in downloader : finally , apps can use the sd card for their own purposes , and there is really no way to track this , unless the app names its folders something recognizable .
there is option in settings ( auto link apps ) check that option . your apps will be linked automatically after install .
there is option in settings ( auto link apps ) check that option . your apps will be linked automatically after install .
gift cards expire after a year of not being used , i think . to check their value go to buy an app , and on payment methods , the card will be displayed with the value underneath . then cancel out of buying the app .
according to the tos , google play gift cards never expire . you can view your balance by opening your google wallet page ( you can also view your transaction history here to figure out where your money went ) or by contacting customer care at 1-855-466-4438 .
basically , as screen lock secures your data as long as the data chip stays in the phone ( as long as debugging is disabled [ or enabled with no trusted credentials ] and the phone is not rooted ) , whereas encrypting it secures it no matter what . old answer : it is possible to access some data via usb , however other data is not accessible , plug your tablet into the computer and wee what comes up under internal storage , that is accessible ( edit : none of it if the screen is locked ) . of course given enough time a hacker in possession of your tablet could access all the data ( as long as it is not encrypted ) ( edit : for example as you suggested by removing the internal storage and reading it with a different device ) . if your tablet is encrypted none of the data can be accessed without your passcode ( if the tablet is switched off ) . if usb debugging is enabled or you are rooted it is even easier to access the data .
you can use a wii-mote if you have one as it runs off of bluetooth and can connect to your phone , all you have got to do is download an app from google play ( there is plenty of free ones ) and it utilises your phones bluetooth just make sure that the wii is not plugged in when the remote is turned on , and then providing that you are able to map out hard keys ( as opposed to touch screen buttons ) through the emulators settings , you can then use that as you would any normal game pad/controller
i was testing ways to toggle the on-screen keyboard . in android 4.2.2 on a nexus 7 i had to go through the following steps to toggle the on-screen keyboard from the tablet while a bluetooth keyboard is connected : to activate the " choose input method " notification you need to have multiple keyboards available . on a stock nexus 7 you can go into settings then " language and input " . under " keyboard and input methods " check the box next to another keyboard like the " iwnn ime emoji input " or " google pinyin input " . ( optional ) if you do not have any other keyboards available you can install a 3rd party keyboard from the play store like the nullkeyboard or anysoftkeyboard . back in the language and input settings check the checkbox next to the 3rd party keyboard you installed . read the warning message and click ok if you agree . go to any text input box a new notification appears in your notification bar ( top left ) labeled " choose input method " , tap the notification ( not select keyboard layout ) the first item in the " choose input method " popup is " hardware " with an on/off slider , choose " off " use the radio buttons below to choose your software keyboard ( i chose the google keyboard ) tap the back button and the on-screen keyboard appears . the bluetooth keyboard is still functional .
i am using android 4.3 on a nexus 7 . i was able to configure android to use both keyboards ( screen and bluetooth ) simultaneously . with the bluetooth keyboard setup and enabled . . go into your settings then select " language and input " . click on " default " located just under the " keyboard and input methods " heading to open the " choose input method " dialog . turn the " hardware physical keyboard " off . that is it ! the bluetooth keyboard does not show up in the language and input screen anymore but i am still able to use it . in addition , the onscreen keyboard is enabled again .
the first thing you could try is to clear the android market cache and data . this can be done from Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; (All -&gt;) Market -&gt; Clear data . note that the " all " tab may not be available on your device , depending on your android version . if it is not there , then disregard that step .
is tasker installed on the sd card ? i have seen that issue with other apps where some resources do not load . try moving to internal storage .
from what google tells me , this appears to be a touchwiz issue . try a different launcher and see if that fixes it .
try using buttonremapper to assign a specific function or even to disable it . be warned , though that this does not work on all devices and you need a rooted phone to use it .
in google voice app go to menu -> more -> settings -> making calls -> ask every time i make a call . now you will be presented with a pop-up asking to choose whether or not to use google voice for this call . it does not show the name or number you are dialing , but at least it will give you a buffer zone , a chance to cancel a call .
have you tried 3rd-party solutions ? call confirm app on the market seems to do exactly what you need . i just installed it and can confirm that it works in conjunction with other apps ( voice search , google voice , etc . )
since you are rooted , you might be able to bypass activation permanently by killing the phone dialer app . this involves removing ( or renaming ) Phone.apk . i can at least confirm that this works on a droid 1 . definitely make sure you have a backup made prior to editing your system this way . you can rename Phone.apk with an app like root explorer , or with the terminal app by mounting the system partition as rewritable . this also works if you have set up ssh : su mount -o rw,remount /system cd /system/app mv Phone.apk Phone.apk.old pm uninstall Phone.apk  that disables the cdma adapter and gets rid of the activation screen that always comes up on boot . it should also save you a little battery life too , since it is one less app , and one less adapter turned on . you might get an error when you rename the file , but after rebooting ( forcefully , if necessary ) everything should be fine .
from droid forums to bypass activation : reboot the phone , when the green android shows tap top left tap top right tap bottom right tap bottom left must be done every time you power on the phone
found another way to do this besides noah 's answer : simply touch the android , and select skip activation . ~ android central forums ( brought to you by google and chrome browser ) i have not tested this out yet , so let me know if it does not work so i can take this down and it is not a nuisance .
i do not think the actual internal storage is full on the sgs ii . it is probably the data or cache partitions that are full . you can go in to the settings -> applications -> manage applications and clear the cache/data for the " high use " apps . i have a lot of apps installed but still have tons of " internal storage " space left , but i only have 11% ( 19.3m ) left in my /datadata partition . it was at about 2mb the other day , but i removed a lot of apps that i do not really ever use anymore . my /data partition , where the applications are installed , has a max size of 1.8gb , but my cache partition , where temporary data is stored , only has 80mb . the cache could fill up quickly if you use apps that cache a lot of data .
i was also facing the same issue and the below link helped : ) http://forums.androidcentral.com/samsung-galaxy-s-ii/272384-galaxy-s2-cannot-download-updates-new-apps.html this works ! !
i believe you can move apps to the " internal sd card " by going to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , selecting individual apps , and choosing " move to sd " if it is supported . though honestly i keep all my apps off the sd , so i do not know whether it tries to move them to external or internal sd .
check the space used up by your text messages , which is stored in internal storage . whenever i receive the " memory full " notification , i delete all text message threads , and that always fixes the problem , especially if it is been months and i have received pictures , etc . i also use sms backup + to backup all of my text messages in my gmail before deleting all of my text messages .
there is no solution to this problem . on the sgs2 , the move to sd button actually moves the apps to the external sd ( /mnt/sdcard/external_sd ) and not the interal usb ( /mnt/sdcard ) . this means that the application 's data is still on internal usb , but the application itself gets moved to external sd . the only solution to install large applications on the internal storage is to repartition the 16gb so that you have a much bigger phone partition and smaller internal usb partition ( they are both partitions of the same physical disk ) .
as the links in the comments are partly broken , i try to sum some things up here -- before the remaining links go to nirvana as well . global shortcuts browser shortcuts messaging shortcuts Press C to compose new message Press R to reply Press A to reply all Press F to forward  ( source : htc . com ) assigning your own shortcuts while on the home screen , you can quickly open an app or an item by pressing a keyboard shortcut . while on the home screen , open the slideout keyboard . press and hold any of the keyboard keys ( a ~ z ) . tap ok . tap apps or shortcuts , and then tap the app or shortcut that you want to assign to the selected key . if you are assigning a shortcut to an item on your phone , follow the screen instructions to proceed . while on the home screen , press and hold the key you’ve assigned a keyboard shortcut to . the app or item opens . ( source : htc . com )
on my phone ( i simply do not know if this is a default android thing or an sgs thing ) i have a widget for power controls ( i believe it is called " activation " , but my phone is in hebrew so i do not know what it is really called ) . in froyo this gives you buttons for controlling : screen brightness gps wifi bluetooth background sync in gingerbread it gives some other control whose meaning i do not know . this allows you to enable or disable sync at the tap of a button on the home screen . this is the same as enabling or disabling background sync from Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync .
" push " is actually more efficient than pull . with " push " your phone does not need to connect to the mail server every once in a while . instead , the server sends a signal to the phone telling it whenever new mail is available . if you are using the gmail app for accessing your gmail account , you are already using push and no extra settings are necessary . for other services you will need to go to each app that access them ( e . g . facebook , twitter , etc . ) and go into options to find settings for " refresh interval . " most apps allow you to customize this setting , and allow for a " manual " option , thus disabling automatic refresh .
for most apps , you will need to go into each individual app and change their sync settings . for example for facebook , open the facebook app , press back to get off the news feed page and onto the screen with all the icons , then press menu , press settings and change the refresh interval .
as well as the other answers , you can change the frequency that some accounts sync by going to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync . for instance , when i click on my facebook account from there i can change the " social networking sync interval " to none , 3 hours , 6 hours , 12 hours , or once per day .
see the section on automatic aggregation of contact data in the using the contacts api from the technical resources on the android developers site . as the article explains : when a raw contact is added or modified , the system looks for matching ( overlapping ) raw contacts with which to aggregate it . it may not find any matching raw contacts , in which case it will create an aggregate contact that contains just the original raw contact . if it finds a single match , it creates a new contact that contains the two raw contacts . and it may even find multiple similar raw contacts , in which case it chooses the closest match . two raw contacts are considered to be a match if at least one of these conditions is met : they have matching names . their names consist of the same words but in different order ( for example , "Bob Parr" and "Parr, Bob" ) one of them has a common short name for the other ( for example , "Bob Parr" and "Robert Parr" ) one of them has just a first or last name and it matches the other raw contact . this rule is less reliable , so it only applies if the two raw contacts are also sharing some other data like a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , Helen ["elastigirl"] = Helen Parr ["elastigirl"] ) at least one of the two raw contacts is missing the name altogether and they are sharing a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , Bob Parr [incredible@android.com] = incredible@android.com ) . when comparing names , the system ignores upper/lower case differences (Bob=BOB=bob) and diacritical marks (H\xe9l\xe8ne=Helene) . when comparing two phone numbers the system ignores special characters such as "*" , "#" , "(", ")" , and whitespace . also if the only difference between two numbers is that one has a country code and the other does not , then the system considers those to be a match ( except for numbers in the japan country code ) automatic aggregation is not permanent ; any change of a constituent raw contact may create a new aggregate or break up an existing one . the article then goes on to explain the various modes that an application can assign to the raw contacts that it creates . depending on the mode , the system will either : automatically aggregate the contact as similarities are found with other contacts . where similarities no longer exist , these aggregations will be removed . never aggregate the contact with any other . perform no further aggregation on a contact , even if that contact changes such that it would be taken out of an aggregate group . aside from this automatic aggregation , applications are also allowed to manually set up aggregate contacts . in these cases , the algorithm depends on the application . finally , you may manually join contacts in the people app by editing one of a pair of contacts , and selecting Join from the overflow menu .
the second user will have to explicitly install the wanted app ( in your example : facebook ) – as otherwise all accounts ' app drawers would be cluttered with a bunch of apps not wanted by everybody , except for those who installed them . but if the app already had been installed before by another account , it will rather be a " fake install " ( i.e. . it appears as if the app would be installed anew , but it is not downloaded again from playstore , and thus does not consume " double space" ) . one side-effect to that is : whenever a user decides to update the app , that update applies to all other accounts of the device as well .
you can install facebook once and log in with different user/pwd to have different setting for different account
a couple of points for those swinging in from google . . uninstalling an app in one user account does not remove it from the other , unless you use titanium or similar , in which case it is gone . if you install an app at the play store web site , it installs into the primary user " desktop " , even if you are logged into another desktop using the exact same account on your android device . theoretically , it should quickly appear in your " my apps " list , so it is easy enough to install into the second user desktop . so if you installed an app and see no notification or icon , this is why . switch to the primary desktop and there it is !
no need to root or anything . you can just simply stop it being running by going to settings> application> viber> force close this will close all the services related to viber . but remind you , you have to force close it every time after you use viber . oh there is another way to do that . start viber , then close it . then open your multitasking window/history window by pressing the home button . you should see viber there at the bottom . long press on the screen-shot of viber . you should be prompted with two option , app details/info and clear from list tap on app details/info and click on force close this will do your job . hope that helps .
this is an official rep . of viber . due to the c2dm feature , you are always available on viber , there is not way to " log out " and " log in " . please note that if you " exit " viber , it will open again only if you get a msg or call . let us know if you have any additional questions . thanks ! viber team
i have viber on phone and tablet and it behaves differently . by default , no matter how you stop the service it always turns on when you receive message . on phone when i go to settings - general - turn off " show viber status icon " , and then i just exit the viber ( via exit or stop service or clean task manager ) i am really offline . all messages are received after i turn on viber myself . i can be offline for days . it behaves like this only when i turn off the viber icon . i guess this is a bug but i like it and hope it is not going to be fixed . i do not know if it is bug just for combination of my phone and android version or if it " works " like this on every phone . on tablet this does not work , viber cannot be really off .
afaik you can not stop the process in the background without unistalling it . you can logout from your viber account , then it will not display you any notifications
there is an app for this if you have root : greenify
there are different apps to change rendering effects , i think , and there is also an app to dim your screen way more if you are rooted : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=mobi.pruss.superdim otherwise , cyanogenmod does not have widgets for this . i think certain custom launchers ( such as launcherpro or adwlauncher ) have the option to create shortcuts to certain activities , so you could possibly add a shortcut straight to the render effects menu .
i reinstalled cm7 on a spare htc desire to check the procedure : long press on spare space of homescreen select " widgets " select " renderfx widget " choose color ( night , red , etc . ) place widget . results in a toggle switch widget :
there is no option to set notifications on sub folders using the stock email app . you can set each folder to sync but only the inbox will throw a notification . there are some email apps that will do it though . touchdown does for sure but it is a $20 app . k9 is another popular email app but i have not tested for this functionality .
there are many email apps for android , each one should have an option within the app itself where you can check or uncheck to be notified of a new email arrival . this list covers the most popular ones : email allows you to have a notification on the status bar , when activated within the application : access the application ; tap your device " home " button ; tap " account settings" ; scroll your way to " notification settings" ; tick the checkbox for " email notifications " . gmail allows you to have a notification on the status bar for each one of the configured accounts . can be activated within the application : access the application ; tap your device " home " button ; tap " more" ; tap " settings" ; tap over the desired account ; scroll your way to " notification settings" ; tick the checkbox for " email notifications " . k-9 mail allows you to have a notification on the status bar for each one of the configured accounts . can be activated within the application : access the application ; tap your device " home " button ; tap " more" ; tap " accounts" ; long tap over the desired account ; from the popup , tap " account settings" ; scroll your way to " notifications " and tap it ; tick the checkbox for " new mail notifications " . maildroid allows you to have a notification on the status bar , when activated within the application : access the application ; tap your device " home " button ; tap " preferences" ; scroll your way to " notifications " and tap it ; select the icon for the status bar from the dropdown ; tick the checkbox for " show separate notification " , aditionally you can tick the checkbox for " show once" ; yahoo ! mail allows you to have a notification on the status bar for each one of the configured accounts . can be activated within the application : access the application ; tap your device " home " button ; tap " options" ; tap the desirable account ; tap " notification settings" ; tick the checkbox for " show in status bar " . hotmail allows you to have a notification on the status bar , when activated within the application : access the application ; tap your device " home " button ; tap " account settings" ; scroll your way to " general settings " and tap it ; scroll your way to " notifications and alerts " and tap it ; tap " email notifications" ; tick the checkbox for " message notification " . notes : some email apps , in order to notify you of the arrival of new mail , need to have the " auto-sync " and the " background data " active on your phone settings : this options are found on your device settings , under " accounts and sync " . " tick the checkbox " stands for having the checkbox with a green tick on it . the gray tick is the disable status . if your email app is not present on the above list , feel free to @zuul me and i will be glad to add it to the list . only email app with notification capabilities will be present .
in the email app in my android 4.4.2 , there is now an option for folder sync settings in each e-mail account . by setting a particular folder to push instead of manual sync , i receive notifications when e-mails arrive in a sub-folder as well .
since google did not seem to work on this feature , i have implemented it myself . you can download my app and my code changes in this xda thread .
if you are using gmail app : will notify only selected sub-folder open " settings " select account select " manage labels " select label ( sub-folder ) to get notifications for verify sync is applied ( all or last 4 days ) check " label notifications " you can also check " vibrate " and/or " notify for every message " as well . ( my gmail app version is 4.5.2-714156 )
a lot of things : traffic : if your data plan is pay-per-byte ( or has a data cap/limit ) battery life : updating apps uses the processor ( which consumes battery ) . the new version of the program may have problems , bugs , etc .
also , you might want not to update apps automatically if you have a old/cheap device . on my htc hero , installing apps kind of takes a lot of resources and i do not want the device to slow down randomly .
the main reason why i will not use the feature is traffic . in germany , we have mostly traffic limitated flatrates . so after 250 or 300 mb of traffic or something like that , you will be forced to only use 2g connections for the rest of the month . because of that limitations , i only update my apps when i have wifi access somewhere around me .
i leave it off so that i can review the list of pending updates and see what changed . of course , that only helps for the apps that list changes in the market description . every once in a while , developers do release updates that are a step backwards- either because of introducing bugs or major redesigns that lose features ( astrid , i am looking at you ) . if you wait long enough before updating , then you may be alerted to that situation via comments .
sometimes a developer might release a controversial update : interface changed , ads added , or a lot of bugs were introduced and therefore you may want to hold off before upgrading ( or at least give yourself a chance to back up the apk ) . a good example of this recently was psx4droid .
everyone offers plenty of good reasons not to auto update so i will offer a solution -- use a good backup app such as titanium backup , and you can safely leave autoupdates on and manually revert to an older version if an app changes in ways you are not happy with .
if you want to use your browser to upload the image , try switching out of mobile view from the page footer . then you should be able to upload it the same way as on a desktop browser . you could also use the apps ( either official or third-party ) for more upload options .
using the official facebook app you can upload a picture , either from the gallery , or live straight from the camera , it then allows you to pick an album to add the picture too . open the facebook app and click the camera icon in the top-left corner . you are now given a choice to either go to the camera and take a picture , or go to your gallery and select a picture to upload . while the picture is uploading , there is a text box that allows you to enter a caption for the picture , and there is an icon in the top right corner that will show you a list of all of your icons and pick which one to upload the picture to . once your picture has uploaded , you can go into the photos section of the facebook app , go into the album you picked , open the picture , and you should now be able to read/leave comments , or change the caption .
the charger needs to output at least 2a to charge . while by default usb ports do not output that much , asus has a bit of software called ai charger that should let you charge off some usb ports . lifehacker reports it works on other motherboards and some android devices . however in the long run , getting the charger is a much better idea . you can use it on other devices ( like future tablets ! ) , and you are not tricking your desktop or laptop into doing something it normally does not do .
i ran into a similar situation , i just bought a usb wall charger . this way you can charge your ipod , tablet or whatever all from the same usb socket . as izzy stated in the comments , you can always just plug it into your computer as well . http://www.bestbuy.com/site/gopro---usb-wall-charger/6608113.p?id=1218767500831skuid=6608113 i would not buy one online , just go to walmart ( or your walmart equivalent ) . almost all cell phone stores carry them as well , but they sometimes charge more for them .
do you use any task killer ? make sure you do not kill the " clock " apps . in fact , do not use a task killer at all , they are harmful to android .
yes , the phone has to remain switched on for the alarm to work .
if you are using swype simply drag from the swype key to where the 5 is ; swype will change to the numeric keypad .
all in all i found that pressing the ' keyboard selection ' box and choosing handwriting box 1 or 2 is the easiest way . not for entering 2 or 3 digits , but if you have to enter a lot of digits , this works quicker than having to type the numbers at the top row of the soft keyboard . a shame , you can not switch to the numeric keyboard though . hope this helps some one .
click the gear button next to the ? 123 button in the lower left , then click 3x4 keypad , then click the 123 button on the right . this way you will have a full 3x4 numeric keypad
i would guess that samsung failed to provide proper support for yahoo mail . therefore i recommend that you install the offical yahoo mail app . it should work out of the box . antoher approach is to forward your yahoo mail to your google mail . they advantage is that you do not have to use an additional e-mail app .
recommendation questions are not allowed here , but i will give this a shot because i have already encountered this feature . ezpdf reader supports this . assuming you have a table of contents ( toc ) , clicking on a chapter link will take you to a page far from the toc . if you click on the button encircled below , it will take you back to the toc .
google play store says the pogo pins are 5v , digital audio and gnd . so i guess the middle pin is the digital audio and that the phone finds out it is connected to the dock because there is a 5v tension between 1st and 3rd pin .
someone over at androidcentral built their own charging dock . according to the post , . . . the pin closest to the bottom of the gn is the 5v and the pin closest to the power button in the gnd . it is assumed that the middle pin is for letting the phone know it is connected to the dock and launch the needed activities ( enable bluetooth , launch apps , etc . )
success ! ! i went through a free web service called dnsomatic ( run by the folks at opendns ) it is as simple as signing up for an account and adding opendns to your services . no configuration beyond that . for android users busybox versions of wget are way behind and do not have options to use user names and passwords , so we will have to install and use curl the guide to install curl can be found here http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2362386 once you have curl you can simply do things like updating your opendns ip curl -u opendnsusername:password http://updates.dnsomatic.com/nic/update?hostname=opendnshostname  next you need to setup tasker to run this command when your device connects to wifi . make a net profile that runs a task when connected to your wifi ip or mac address . press the "+" button in tasker to add a new task and select " scripts " and then " run shell " add the line of code above curl -u opendnsusername:password http://updates.dnsomatic.com/nic/update?hostname=opendnshostname  this will make tasker execute the command when you connect to wifi
i have a similarly sized contact list and i have found that the voice dialer is both slow to load and slow to find responses on my moto droid ( on 2.0 , 2.1 and 2.2 ) . i stopped using the voice dialer and started using voice search ( aka . voice actions ) by saying " call jane smith mobile . " i have found voice search to open quickly and to find contacts quickly . both of those apps came preloaded on my phone and are from google . while i do not know the architecture of either app it would make sense to me that the voice dialer would be affected by the size of the contact list more directly than the voice search app .
rooting should not affect battery life , unless you have unlocked bootloader too and installed some mods/tweaks or whole custom rom . you can check the apps with root access , if they are not causing the problem .
in my opinion it sounds as though it is definitely your sim card . this can either be an issue with the sim card or the phone itself . if the phone 's applications are working fine , then it is probably the sim card . you should put the sim in another phone and see if it can read the messages . if not then you should contact your phone company and ask them to send you the texts they have stored on their system . it will either be a few or them all depending on your company . my logic of thinking is that if the texts were stored on your android phone itself , there would be something else missing that is not your texts . either way hope this helps .
as your computer is running windows , you need to install the appropriate device driver first . most manufacturers offer one for download on their resp . websites , specifically tailored for the device in question ; but that would also mean you had need multiple drivers if you had multiple devices . a good solution reported to work fine with multiple different devices , and also supporting windows 8 fine , is koushik dutta 's universal adb driver . this would hence free you from the hazzle of possible driver conflicts , if you one day decide to use a different/additional device .
there are several apps specialized on this topic . the probably best known is appmonster , which i use ( in the pro version ) for years now , very reliable ( and very active dev ) . for alternatives and more details , please take a look at : are apk files saved on my device when i install from the play store ? izzyondroid app lists : backups : backup apps
try go backup and restore app from playstore https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jiubang.go.backup.exhl=en
a very easy way is es file explorer from google play store . you can browse to your /system/app folder ( for system apps ) /data/app folder ( for user apps ; requires root to be accessed ) and copy them to your /sdcard ( or anywhere else ) . copying multiple files with es file explorer is very easy . just long hold one of the files , then put check marks on all the files you want to copy . then browse to the folder ( on your sdcard ) where you want to place them . connecting to your computer via your usb cable will allow you to backup your sdcard content to your computer . update ( accessing the protected data/apps area ) : i notice the /data/ directory is not readable . you can pull any of the content if you know it by name . i will describe a command-line ( cli ) solution to get the names and the files . however , the backup tools suggested by izzy are the easiest way to go . this is a step by step method to get the list of packages and pull the packages using the commandline : download and install the android sdk package ( or see is there a minimal installation of adb ? for a solution requiring much less space , if you are not intending to develop android apps ) . while you will have access to just about everything in the world ( android ) , do not be too overwhimed . . . just focus on an immediate objective , and all the other features can be for a different day . add a path to these two directories of the package install ( [installedpath]/tools and [installedpath]/platform-tools for a full sdk installation ) . now , with the android plugged in via the usb , run this to get the full list of installed apps : $ adb shell 'pm list packages' you now have a list the names of all your install apps . use the -f parameter to get the full pathname of a desired package by specifying a search string found in the previous list : $ adb shell 'pm list packages -f reader' now pull the full pathname of the package you want to get with : ## adb pull [filepathname] [destination path] ## $ adb pull /data/app/com.ebooks.ebookreader-2.apk ~/mybackupdir  the steps might appear to be complicated , but they are easier done than said . once you perform it a few times , you will find it very easy to pull any app from your device . you can also write a script to do this as your own personal backup utility . while there are gui alternatives as mentioned in the alternate answer , i strongly recommend looking at the features of the adb commands which includes full backups . . . the option for users to select precisely what they want backed up and where . installing the full android sdk will give fuller access to components of your android device ( from the commandline ) . look at the commands : $ adb -help  look at the backup section ( of the help screen ) : you can use the android backup extractor to explore the compressed backup file created by the adb utility . restoring the backup to the android is a simple "-restore " command : $ adb restore &lt;file&gt;  the android backup extractor provides a way to explore the backup and pick out individual files ( such as the apk 's as in the op 's objective ) to store or preserve . the explorer package includes a variety of multi-platform tools , such as java , perl , and cygwin . you can extract the backup with ( using the java extract opton ) : ## this line converts the android backup into a tar file ## $ java -jar abe.jar unpack backup.ab backup.tar  out side of my initial cli answer , the most precise gui app to accomplish the op 's specific question is airdroid . it is free , extremely user friendly and intuitive to use . to use , run the app . it gives a local ip address for typing into a web browser . the link will give you a ui that resembles and android home screen . click on the " apps " icon and select one or more apps to download . you can install or reinstall the apps using the same interface . there are several other gui alternatives ( graphical user interfaces ) available , e.g. qtadb ( multi-platform ) or , for windows users , also the excellent droid explorer by our member ryan conrad ( see e.g. full backup of non-rooted devices ; for more , also see our adb tag-wiki ) .
i have got ' avg antivirus ' installed . i just backup files from it and they get stored as apks .
then back up your app data after that go to settings-> application-> -> clear data ( clear the app data ) . after that you can able to get the apk for the selected application with the use of apk share/send application .
yeah , you can use apk share/send pro application to get the backup of application as a apk file
i am guessing that you are running sony 's timescape interface . ( as you not mentioned anything explicitly ) so here are steps : to back up contacts using a memory card : from the home screen , tap the application screens icon . find and tap contacts . press the menu key , then tap back up contacts > memory card > ok . tested on xperia neo , xperia neo v , xperia ray running 2.3.4 gingerbread to 4.0.4 ics with sony 's timescape ui . should work on tipo as well . here 's a page from sony 's site for further help .
same way as on any other android device : go to the android app store of your choice ( google play , appbrain , whatever ) and search for " korean keyboard " ( currently , 376 results ) install the one you find suiting your needs there are several keyboards shipping with korean language packs , so you might as well decide picking one of those . this might possibly even come with more functionality or better usability . not explicitly asked for , but it will probably be your next question : you might have to " activate " that " input method " for the keyboard to show up , or even make it the default one . this can be done in settings → languages and input ( by " settings " i mean the android settings ) .
you need root to do something like that , sorry to say . rooting is probably less intrusive than screwing with system services , though . you could use titanium backup to " freeze " an app which will prevent if from running or being altered . if that causes problems , you can simply unfreeze . you could use autostarts to control what events trigger what services . if a service is never triggered , it will not run !
root the device and then flash a custom rom . that will replace the motoblur . once you are running the custom rom , if you still see that these services are still running , since your phone is rooted you can uninstall the offending system apps .
ok , i have found a way to deactivate motoblur without rooting the phone ! reset the phone to factory Settings &#8658 ; Privacy or SD and Storage &#8658 ; Factory data reset when the phone reboot , cancel the configuration of motoblur take of the widget who remind you to configure it and it is done !
just discovered a much easier method . do a factory reset . then press the bottom left button , and select Skip Setup .
if fastboot is installed on the handset ( or commonly called bootloader ) , it might be best to re-flash via usage of usb cable and the handset with the cable plugged in . in order to achieve this , a original image file is needed for this to work . the essence of fastboot , is that from the command line , the handset can be re-formatted and told to boot specific kernels without touching the original on the handset . consider the options used in the fastboot binary command line application , as in : thus , the command line to wipe cleanly and flash the original image file would be this : fastboot erase system to wipe the /system partition cleanly . fastboot erase data to wipe the /data partition cleanly . fastboot flash system original_system_image.img the optional step may as well be , to flash the original boot image which can be achieved in this manner - fastboot flash boot original_boot_image.img . if you happen to have the original update.zip for your handset , it might be easier to do it in this fashion , instead of the three steps above listed , as in fastboot update update.zip .
open contacts menu -> contacts to display choose customize choose your email or g+ account select that groups to show hit ok and all the individuals with those labels will be shown source : tested on contacts app running on a kk 4.4
you have to turn off the keyboard trace . unfortunately through a very poor design , you can not have trace without the autocomplete .
if using the stock keyboard : Settings &gt; Language &amp; Keyboard &gt; HTC Sense Input &gt; Advanced &gt; Word prediction . uncheck the box .
appears that android still lacks some skills regarding bluetooth headset to voice input capabilities . i could not make it work either . but there is an app for everything , and this is no different ; ) skyvi ( siri for android ) available from google play store : key features : voice texting fast find and call places get directions call contacts play music local weather and time fun chats , witty remarks , tells jokes access facebook with voice access twitter with voice text by voice &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &lt ; - what you seek tweet or update facebook with voice ask questions with voice car mode
according to the comments of reviewers , it is streaming only audio . so , it is lighter on the download .
i am the developer . it was using the full video streams up until last week when i released version 1.8 . however it is possible that the android mediaplayer when given a video stream , does not bother to download the video too , but i doubt so . now it specifically downloads audio-only streams , however only on android 4.3+ devices . android 4.2 and lower still stream the full video because the os is not compatible with the audio only streams . to give you an idea of bandwidth consumption , a 5 minute song takes up about . . . 3mb video stream , hd audio disabled 12mb video stream , hd audio enabled 3mb audio-only stream , if your device supports it . the sound quality is about equal ( possibly a little better ) than hd audio with video . on android 4.3+ devices , the hd audio switch in settings does not really do anything . .
the problem was with the selection mode . apparently mtp does not work too well with ubuntu . when i switched to ptp the usb debugging started working .
that is usually the INSTALL_SHORTCUT ( resp . UNINSTALL_SHORTCUT ) permission – which might be present multiple times , as it is declared by the resp . launcher . to find out yourself , just follow the links i have given : ) edit : as stated in their faq , xprivacy is no " permission manager " , but a " privacy manager " , and thus only cares for privacy-related permissions . installing shortcuts is one of those permissions it does not care for ( explicitly stated ) , so this is rather an unintended side-effect to be dealt with an update ( fix ) from the xprivacy dev ( s ) .
i feel your pain , this has happened to me . it is very frustrating . i tried clearing cache for apps , removing them using the application manager and a bunch of other unsuccessful attempts . the only thing that helped was a factory reset . luckily i was able to backup my data prior to doing a full factory reset . i know you mentioned that it is something that you do not want to do . the only other option would be to root your device and flash your device with a new rom - but doing this would essentially be a pseudo reset , so if this seems like a valid option , i would play it safe , backup and reset . also , you mentioned that you were able to read the host file ? do you see any specific url 's or ip addresses in the " hosts " file ? if so , you want to clear anything that says google play . leave only the first two lines - which should be something like : 127.0.0.1 localhost x.x.x.x:port*  where x is variable and :port would be defined i found a thread on xda forums that might help - but it requires root . tested fix for google play connection error let me know if this helps .
it is probably too late to help the original poster , but i had this exact same problem for the past 24 hours or so on my htc incredible with cyanogenmod 7.1.0 . i was consistently getting sqlitediskioexception errors every time i tried to start an application , including even the keyboard and crash reporters . after stopping and uninstalling all sorts of applications , i finally happened to clear the twitter client data through manage applications . it immediately solved the problem . i am not sure if it is twitter itself , or if clearing the data managed to tweak something else . anyway , something for someone to try if they run across this error . i was one step away from reinstalling the os from scratch .
i encountered exactly the same problem as yours on my galaxy s2 with cm9 earlier this week . i figured out it might be the problem that the internal usb storage had some error on it . unfortunately , formate dalvik cache and cache will not fix the problem . you can try to mount your phone onto your computer and try to fix the error using some disk check utilities , which i tried but phone freezes after mount as usb . at last i fix the problem by doing a hard reset . so i suggest you start from trying mount your phone to your computer and do some quick backup first . if you cannot even copy out your files , it is the problem of internal usb storage with some logical errors .
for those of us who are frustrated in trying to alter the file system to mtp and cannot find how to change it . do not despair . if you have opened samsung keis and connected phone with a usb cable and got the error message , go to your phone and swipe top to bottom on the notifications list you will see the usb symbol on the left hand side and the line stating - connected as camera . if it says - connected media device - then your connected properly . to change from connected as camera , tap/select the line - connected as camera and you will be shown another screen with the camera option selected - just select media device mtp and you will be able to connect to samsung keis , and all will be calm and peacful , no more screaming at the pc or mobile phone .
for my samsung galaxy ace phone , i had to install samsungkies to be able to mount the sd card in the pc , didnt work alone . maybe is the same with you
you should be able to drop the rom image anywhere on the sd card and then use , for instance , rom manager to install it ; just open rom manager and select ' install rom from sd card ' and browse to where you dumped the rom remember to backup your existing rom before proceeding
easiest option is to shut the phone down , remove the sd card , and put it into an sd card reader in your computer . you generally have to reboot into recovery or a bootloader anyway , right ? typically the folder is /sdcard on the phone 's filesystem . if you can put the phone in " mass storage " mode ( as opposed to kies or mtp mode or whatever stupid your manufacturer does ) , it should just be the /sdcard folder . if you have to flash a recovery or a new bootloader first , you can flash from /data/local as it is supposed to be user-writable . if you have adb set up , you can use the adb push command .
yes , blocked contacts can still see your online status .
check this video . to remove a word press on - sign .
the prime uses a proprietary cable , but it supports a usb connection to a computer via that cable ( which you can see in this image from engadget which i posted in another question ) . the fact that the connector is not a micro usb port has no bearing on whether or not you can connect over usb ( see : every samsung tablet ) .
this device can be rooted using the zergrush exploit ( which is the base exploit in the gingerbreak app ) . to root : make sure you have the zte adb drivers installed ensure usb debugging is enabled on your device download this zip folder and extract the contents with your zte connected to your computer in usb debugging mode , run the batch file - this will use the zergrush exploit to gain temporary root , and will then push the su binaries , as well as setting suid to make permanent root work correctly source
well you can try managing battery life with juicedefender , which does a great job at disconnecting data connections when not needed and turning it back on when needed . i can personally attest to this fact although i use gingerbread on my xperia neo v . give it a shot and see
yes , it can . gsm and later phone protocols automatically adjust the phone 's transmit power according to the strength of the signal it gets from the cell tower . it is just like how , if you are talking to someone and you can not hear them very well ( because they are a long way away , or in a noisy environment ) , you will tend to talk louder or shout , but if you can hear them clearly ( they are right next to you ) , you will talk more quietly . the phone works the same way . of course , for the phone , " talking more loudly " means putting more power into its transmitter , so the battery will be drained faster . if you switch to a network that has cell towers further away from where you spend most of your time , your phone will be using more transmit power more often , so it will use energy more quickly . note that it is the received strength that matters ( i.e. . how much attenuation there is ) , not the quality of the signal , so you may find this happens even if you get a better signal overall . cell handover , when you move from one cell to the next one , also takes more power , and your new network 's better internet speed might be a result of having denser cells in your area , leading to more handovers . finally , the worst thing for a phone is being completely out of range , because it has to periodically transmit on the maximum power to try to get a response from a cell tower . ( this is why it is especially important to turn your phone off for a flight : once the plane gets out of cell range , all the phones will start blaring out as loudly as they can . ) it is possible that your new network 's coverage is much better at your home and your office , but during your commute , you have not noticed that you leave the service area completely , and so your phone starts draining the battery then . in summary , there are lots of factors , so it is hard to predict the effect of changing network operator , but it can have an effect . of course , that does not stop it being a coincidence in your case .
many other users experienced the same things however the suggested thing :- you may be satisfied by the provided solution . it is deep sleep related . please download cpu spy from the market , and take a look at % at a single frequency . reset the timers and immediatelly press on/off button to put the phone in sleep . after lets say one minute being in " deep sleep " , refresh the timers so you get the actual usage , and checked the deep sleep time . in gsm only mode , it will not almost one minute , as it should , maybe 30 secs . in wcdma you will get almost 1 minute of deep sleep . and this is the reason why the phone is draining the battery quickly . - says a user . check the thread below : http://www.modaco.com/topic/346890-gsm-only-mode-drains-battery-abnormally/
in my experience i found that a gsm internet connection consumed less energy than a wcdma . ( can not tell about lte , since the signal strength is insufficient in my area ) . so by having " faster " internet , this might be the reason for higher battery consumption . another possibility is signal strength . the stronger the signal you are receiving , the less battery is used . but since you spoke about having a stronger signal , this seems not to be the case . maybe you double-check if signal quality is also improved on wcdma , in contrary to gsm .
samsung 's kies software is the official way to download and install updates . these updates are released on different dates for different countries and networks and some countries/networks do not have all updates . it may be that your network has not tested and certified the update yet , or they might not be releasing this version at all . this page lists most of the official updates available via kies for the galaxy s2 i9100 phone : http://devsrom4android.blogspot.com/2011/10/samsung-galaxy-s2-firmware-updates-via.html
this was raised as an issue in june 2009 and despite being discussed extensively there does not appear to be any way to show the original timestamp in vanilla android . this leaves you with a couple of options : use a custom rom like cyanogenmod which supports this , or install an app like sms sent time which appends the message sent time to the message itself
the steps below will walk you through clearing the partition on your device . this process will not delete any information from your device . 1 . power up the phone by pressing the vol up + vol down key together + power key . 2 . the device will enumerate with different boot options 3 . use the vol down key to scroll and vol up key to select 4 . select recovery 5 . the device will start up , now power up to a little android man logo with exclamation mark 6 . press the vol up and vol down key together at this screen 7 . the device will display blue text on a black background . use the vol down key to scroll down and the power key to select the option desired . in this case , press the vol down key till the cache partition wipe is selected and press the power key to confirm the selection . use the vol down key again to select yes - delete all user data and press the power key to confirm . the device will then start performing the partition wipe once the formatting is complete , press the power key to confirm a reboot the message rebooting is displayed on the phone . the device will reboot and start the normal power up sequence .
may be it got stuck in boot loop . you can recover your phone . search the internet , preferably xda forum , for your phone model . they will surely help you .
try to install the email app directly from google play store . if this app is shown as incompatible on your device , side-load it by downloading it from here , enabling the Unknown sources in settings -> security , and installing the apk ( either by tapping the apk in the download manager , or via adb from your pc : adb install -r &lt;path-to-apk&gt; ) . keep in mind though that this version sometimes breaks the exchange functionality on some mostly non-nexus devices . in order to resolve this , you need to also install a copy of latest exchange2google . apk app that is available for download from here or here . you do not have to install it as a system app , just side-load it in the same manner as described above .
the xda article how to - connect nexus 4 to xp like mtp device describes the steps needed for windows xp as follows : connect your nexus to pc . go to my computer> properties> device manager and double click on mtp device go to details and copy ( ctr+c ) info like ( usb\vid_18d1 and pid_4ee2 and mi_00 ) ( you can copy it from here too , if it is identically ) unplug nexus from pc . go to c:\windows\inf folder ( it is hidden ) find a file " wpdmtp . inf " and open it with any text editor ( notepad ) modify or paste ( ctrl+p ) what did you copy at step "3" as bottom i showed . save and close the file . connect your nexus to pc go to device manager and update mtp driver . tick chekbox " install the software automatically ( recomenden ) " on driver installation dialog and install driver . wait for a moment and you can see nexus 4 like an mtp device . now you should see the mtp device , and be able to transfer files to it . hope this solves your issue : )
there is no such option at this moment . we can use " profiles active " variable ( %PACTIVE ) .
if you are asking for a remote desktop solution that allows you to view/control your desktop/laptop from your android mobile device over local wireless network , the answer is : any rdp/vnc app . personally i use pocketcloud by wyse . it supports both rdp ( microsoft windows , built into the os ) and vnc ( cross platform , if you have a linux computer or apple toy you want to view/control , or you prefer vnc on windows ) protocols . either rdp or vnc will work over a local network and , if you have proper firewall configuration and dns setup , can be used over the public internet as well with reasonable security . vnc requires a server to be running on the computer you wish to control . there are several " flavors " of vnc out there , and many of them are free ( as in beer ) . check out tightvnc for a pretty solid version . rdp requires you to enable remote desktop on your computer . in later version of windows it is disabled by default . the good thing about both these tools is that they are protocols , not confined app systems . as in , you do not need a microsoft app on your android tablet to view an rdp session , and you can install any vnc viewer app on your tablet/phone to view any type of vnc server . ( note : with certain types of authentication in vnc , i have found some viewer apps do not work . just find the right combination for what you need . ) if , however , you are asking something different , please clarify your question to indicate what it is you are actually asking .
it is up to the app ( developer ) to set when the notification is dismissed ( automatically when you touch it , or at some other time ) , so it sounds like the difference here is not between the two android versions , but between the calendar app you were using on your old phone , and the one on your new phone . because it is up to the app , it means you just need to find a calendar app where the event notifications behave the way you want ( or where there is an option to control it ) .
if you use nat you must add the right forwarding rule : go to your network configuration . select nat , put pcnet-fast iii as adapter , and deny in mode . then click in the button to add the rules and add a rule for tcp where the host and guest ports are 5555 . always the most sneaky part is the network configuration of the vm , try with this one . if you still have issues check this tutorials : speeding up android development with android-x86 and virtualbox
as far as android sdk documentation goes : hence theoretically speaking , if the app developer had used appropriate methods this app should work normally . in that sense , i do not think you have any better way other than reporting this to the app developer . rooting your nexus 7 does not going to solve this issue - in my opinion . update : i sent an email to the support team of the app developer quoting this question . i received a reply as : Thank you for your information. We have filed the issue with engineering team. We'll try our best to fix them ASAP.  which in my opinion supports my assumption .
there is an app called mono for bluetooth that allows you route the devices sound via mono bluetooth headset . i am sure there are other apps , but this is the first one i found and it seems to work fine . it also does the following : sound indication when routing is switched on restores sound volume after switching off the routing indication when routing is on in status bar restores bluetooth routing after phone call supports android 2.2 and higher .
any recovery , be it clockworkmod or twrp , or others , must be specifically created for each device ( or sometimes device family , if their hardware is similar enough ) separately . picking a random device off a list in rom manager will not work , and may even damage your phone . quick google , xda , and rootzwiki searches do not bring up any relevant hits for " innos a35" at all , so it is safe to assume that this device is not supported by any well-known recovery makers . this may be because the device is too new , or there simply is not enough interest in it from the android developer community .
after updating to a 2.3.4-based rom that is not 2.3.3 , this issue seems to be solved . see more details in the answer to this question .
its a faulty phone . take it back and get a new one . but you can turn off mobile data and it will stop rebooting . or search google for " motorola defy+ rebooting " for other opinons
you will have to understand , that bluetooth is based on a master-slave structure , and so are it is drivers and protocol stack . most of operations you have specified use existing bluetooth protocols and profiles : hands free => hfp music streaming => a2dp music control => avrcp tethering => bnep making calls = tcp contact viewing => pba the problem is , the tablet can act as a master for these protocols , but is missing the stack and drivers for slave functionality . you can , for example , connect the tablet ( master ) to a headset ( slave ) over hfp , but you can not use the tablet as a headset . until someone develops a more complete bluetooth stack for android , which includes both master and slave profiles , you can not do this over bluetooth .
quoting the answer from xda forum . in linux or windows with cygwin . $ tar -H ustar -c recovery.img &gt; recovery.tar $ md5sum -t recovery.tar &gt;&gt; recovery.tar $ mv recovery.tar recovery.tar.md5 
i am not sure i understand the reason for the 2nd pc . you can push and pull from/to multiple android devices ( emulators and physical handsets/tablets ) connected to one machine via adb . command " adb devices " will return all of the connected physical devices as well as emulated ones , e.g. : List of devices attached emulator-5554 device HT035P90XXXXX device  where " emulator-5554" is the emulator , and the other is a physical handset . from there on you can target a specific device with adb 's "-s [ serial_no ] " switch . for example : adb -s emulator-5554 shell  or adb -s HT035P90XXXXX pull /system/app/Music.apk c:\  or any other adb command .
yes . on your second pc , set the environment variable ADBHOST to the ip address of the first pc and run the adb server and client . related steps ( more detailed ) are here . although you are not connecting to a physical device , it is apparently also possible to do so over the network without using usb . instructions for that are here .
hboot is bootloader . it lives inside nand 's first partition , mtd0 ( if partition map is mtd ) . it is loaded in memory ( ram ) when device is switched on . its jobs are : check the hardware . initialize the hardware . start the operating system ( either android or recovery ) . hboot can also support doing more than this like flashing roms . something more : nandroid backup and restore do not touch hboot .
no , not all apps have demo or trail versions . though amazon 's android app store has an on-line emulator that lets you try out thousands of different apps in your browser before purchasing .
you get 15 minutes trial of all paid apps listed in play store . its google 's policy to refund money if you are not satisfied but you will have to claim refund within 15 minutes . after purchasing an app , just look for Refund button on app page in play store app .
if your device is rooted , you could use AdAway to block advertisment of almost any kind on your device . the app uses android 's hosts-file to block/redirect queries to online adresses hosting advertisments . in other words , every time an app tries to load advertisment from a specific online source , it is very likely that AdAway successfully redirects or blocks that attemp . in that case , the advertisment simply will not appear at all , resulting in an ad-free experience while using your phone . sadly , though , google decided to take down ad-blocking apps like AdAway for violating android 's developer distribution agreement . if you wish to use AdAway anyway , you will have to resort to third-party-sources . please note that this bears significant security risks . proceed at your own responsibility ! make sure the installation of apps from unknown sources is allowed in system settings under security . download and install F-Droid open F-Droid , search for and install AdAway . open AdAway and grant root-access when asked . click on Download files and apply blocking . that is it , you are all set . you can refine some of the app 's configuration under settings , e.g. automate the update of hosts file process .
better way - block it on that site . try installing adblock plus for android . according to adblock plus official website it " blocks banners , pop-ups and video ads - even on facebook and youtube " .
look under settings > wireless and networks . you should see a vpn option . assuming you already have a vpn server running on your ubuntu machine , it should be pretty self-explanatory from there
there no official upgrade of 4 . x . x for samsung s5302 . however you can install custom roms like cyanogenmods to upgrade your phone . but you need to root your phone before installing custom rom . check this out custom rom for galaxy y duos lite gt s5302 also this : cyanogenmod 9.0 [ ics 4.0.4 ] for galaxy pocket
32gb is the maximum capacity for a card following the sdhc standard found in version 2.0 of the sd standard . cards larger than that are sdxc cards . unlike the compatibility issue between sdsc and sdhc , an sdxc card is likely to work on an sdhc device , especially if you reformat the card to use the fat32 file system , rather than the default exfat , though a high performance card ( e . g . uhs ) will be limited to sdhc levels of performance .
the stack exchange sites provide a " mobile " link in the footer that will give you the mobile layout . it should work regardless of your browser 's settings or which browser you happen to be using , so in that sense it is actually a very portable solution .
as the link you provided mentions , " printer manufacturers can use new apis to develop their own print services — pluggable components that add vendor-specific logic and services for communicating with specific types of printers . " this means that the printer manufacturer has to supply an app to enable direct printing over wifi . without this , cloud-based services like google cloud print are you only options .
i am using cm10.1 with my s2 . i have chinese songs ( with chinese text ) , and can play them on apollo . your player probably can not see the files . try to re-scan them using the rescan sd card app .
absolutely . well . . . almost . just make sure you set the partition from rewritable to read-only once you are " unrooted " . however , once you are unrooted , binaries like su and the superuser apk will in all probability removed , so you will in effect be dropped to a lower privilege level . this will have the side-effect of having the apps installed in the system partition as being uninstallable . a workaround is to remove/uninstall apps from the system partition , remove root and then add the apps as user apps - this will ensure that they can be updated in the future without the need for root .
you can access a memory stick via otg cable if your phone supports it . see compro1 's answer to check if your phone supports otg ; you may need to specify the correct code / model in the usb host diagnostics site . in case your phone supports otg but does not support it directly , check out my answer which involves using usb otg helper . as to your last question , yes . you can watch videos from the memory stick .
i am not sure where you got those figures from , they seem a bit too good to be true . 370 hours is next to impossible for li-ion batteries ( when they are attached to smart phones ) . 370 hours is more than 15 days . as of 2013 there is no android powered smart phone that can last in standby for more than 15 days . it does not cost a ton of battery to be connected to a cell tower , but over hours and hours of being connected , it adds up to be a lot . plus add in a ton of background processes to the mix and you have yourself a battery eating machine . and your figure is not really practical anyway because i could not think of anyone who could let there phone sit on standby for 15 days without using it . i know 2 people who have the s4 and both of them said that they can not get more than 2 days out of their charge with practical use . so to answer your question , there is not a big difference between the two , but the s4 does come with some nice software to help you make the most out of your battery with practical use : if i had an s4 i would definitely check this out because if you want to get the most out of your battery , this " smart screen " is a great start . from wonder how to i think that this is the article you were referencing . this artical states that the " average " battery life is 57 hours : now 57 hours is a more manageable number . i was interested in how the s3 did in the same test . here are the results : now all of that said , the difference between the two is only 14 hours . 14 hours is a great improvement for samsung 's next s generation phone . do not always believe things you see on the net = )
you are comparing usage time with stand-by time and talk time witch is incorrect . first of all you will never get a clear answer when comparing battery consumptions , not even when you compare 2 identical phones , because for you may by talking is a priority and for another browsing the internet , and when you would compare battery life with him there will be a very big difrence . now talking about general battery consumtion , for the this example assume that exactly the same operations are done at a point of a millisecond . now what you have failed to mention , and it is one of the most important thing , is the screen size . you will find that the screen size is one of the biggest power eater that you have on a phone , the bigger it is the more it will eat . to answer your question ( partially answer it ) may by the phone with the 2600mah has a smaller screen then the one with 2000mah and it is normal to see such a big increase in battery life . then there is the software . witch even tough they are all android device the way that they handle things when you close the screen is different from manufacturer to another . and again that can be a diference to , a very big actually . one more thing , you are comparing usage time with stand-by and talk time . witch both require the screen to be off , while usage time requires the phone to be on and allways use it like send a email , open a photo , then send a tweed , etc , that is usage time . now keeping that in mind we cannot make a decision for you if it is a big difrence or not , you will have to take a decision by your self , but one thing is for sure , do not compare usage time with stand by time .
check out forwarded call alert free root . it also has a paid version , and an xda thread . there may also be other apps that can do this that i may not be aware of .
yes , you can - details here : http://www.makeuseof.com/tag/why-you-dont-need-third-party-apps-to-manage-background-data-use-in-android-jelly-bean/ from the article : " to access the data usage screen , open your android phone’s settings screen , and tap data usage under wireless and networks . you’ll see a graph displaying how much mobile data all apps on your phone used over a period of time . specify the “data usage cycle” time period that your carrier uses to determine your monthly data usage and you should see the amount of data you’ve used in the past billing cycle . " hope it helps !
things that i tried that did not fix this problem : restarting the phone removing and reinserting the sim card uninstalling the skype app calling at and t support ( 611 ) and asking for them to reset the network registration of my phone restarting my phone in safe mode booting my phone into system recovery mode and wiping the cache partition solution : at and t indicated that it was a problem with the network registration , given every piece of my phone 's communication worked except for receiving sms . this turned out to be true . the solution was to put the sim card in another phone , which overrode the network registration for my number . after about a minute , the second phone received all of the texts that the first had not been able to get , and then i could move the sim card back into my regular phone and receive texts as normal .
check what input methods your device has by following the screen shots- you should be able to see all installed keyboards by following the guide , and select the one which suits you . or if you do not have much options there , install a new keyboard input method from market or install swype beta by registering here .
i believe its being caused by a certain combination of buttons at the bottom of the screen . i have not found a workaround , but here is something you can do to , at least not to store images ( its not much , but something ) . it creates a directory " screencaptures " to store images in ; if you delete it , it will be simply recreated . so , instead , in the same directory , create a file with that name . every time a screen is captured , it will complain that it cannot be stored , so at least you will not have to worry about deleting those images .
because google text-to-speech is not really an app : it is a library app . that is , it does not have a user interface for you to interact with ; rather , it offers an interface to other apps to use its functionality . other apps on the phone can give text to google text-to-speech for it to speak out loud . it is up to the author of the app in question to use the facility offered by google text-to-speech : only apps that have been written to use it can do so . so if you want firefox to use google text-to-speech to read out web pages , you need to file a feature request with mozilla ( the organization that develops firefox ) asking them to support this . for the same reason , the way you use it in an app that does support it , such as google play books , is different from app to app . there might be a button or menu item to read text out , or there might be a setting to make the app read things out automatically .
like you , me too got fed up with all these text to speech apps available and features . i just want tts to read a blogpost on google chrome . . . . but cant help . all these apps are of no use for screen reading or webpage reading since almost all thegood ebook reader have this feature and google text to speech is of no added advantage . in my iphone3gs i could do this just by selecting the text , either on whats app , fb , browser etc but not in android . somehow after trying more than 11aps i just found an app called " speakit " . i hopethis will solve the purpose .
gmail app did not have this option yet . you can try this app . its called contacts GroupU . it will list all groups and just press and hold on any group and select send Email . then there will be a pop up with Gmail app listed in it . select it . you are done .
aha ! ok i am no where near a cellular expert but based on a wild guess i searched for carrier apns and found here a list of apns per carrier per country . i guess these are always required but somehow cyanogenmod is not configured to determine these codes automatically . while this may help others facing the same problem , i hope someone with real insight shares the knowledge
you do not need to root your kindle fire for this -- as long as the following source is still valid : install android marketplace and google apps on amazon kindle fire . as that howto speaks about " android marketplace " ( and not " google play" ) , it may not be up-to-date -- but i doubt the change of the name affected the procedure of installation . a more up-to-date tutorial is install android play store on amazon kindle fire - the easiest way , but that involves rooting the device . maybe it has to do with the framework and a newer android version , which makes rooting a necessary step . edit : you may also want to take a look at these video tutorials : how to install google music / play on your kindle fire ! and gapps on kindle fire without rooting . looks like you can still have google play installed this way without rooting .
the necessary . apk files for google play store , services framework , etc . , must be installed in /system/app and doing so requires root access . so , you must root the kindle fire in order to do so . however , you do not have to leave the kindle fire rooted . after you have installed it , you can always unroot the device ( though i am not sure why you had want to do that ) .
unfortunately it is a common policy for resellers to cancel the warranty if the buyer upgrades the rom . several manufactures though allow upgrading for their official roms , but i am afraid this is not the case for freelander , for which unfortunately i have not found any official rom ( at least not in chinese ) . i am not sure what are the legal aspects of such policies . in any case there is a risk involved when upgrading a device that the device may be ' bricked ' , ie be rendered unusable if something goes wrong . now regarding the roms for the particular device , i believe i have found mainly two alternatives . the first is to use a rom from a similar ainol device . the link for the rom is http://pan.baidu.com/share/link?shareid=352175935uk=420337580 ( use google translate to identify the download button which should be the second at the right hand side ) . the update procedure along with some testimonials can be found on : http://www.slatedroid.com/topic/82866-android-422-on-freelander-pd80-wise/ according to those testimonials , the only thing not working properly after the upgrade is the front camera . the second alternative is to use one of the cyanogenmod roms ( 10.2 or 11 ) for allwinner a31 device . in the above links you can find all relevant information , along with whatever may go wrong . i have not yet evaluated any of these but i will eventually as i own such a device and the existing rom is nonsense . please provide any feedback when available .
no i do not think you can do that directly with vlc . but you could use another app like bubbleupnp or upnplay , they are made for the purpose .
well you can play music with vlc but only through another app . i did it like this : downloaded es file explorer on your android device of course : ) when you open the Es File Explorer you will see 3 icons top center ( local , pc and cloud ) : click on the middle one ( pc icon ) a new page just opened . bottom left corner click on new : after that just fill in the necessary fields and save . now you can brows through you nas and listen to all the music and even watch movies if you have any :
you are correct . the external storage directory is classed as an ' external sdcard ' . anything with sdcard in the title is not wiped during a factory reset . when you go to factory reset , you will be given the option to wipe your sdcard as well as the internal storage data directory .
( if you have got adb enabled on your tablet and installed on your pc , skip the next two paragraphs ) if you have only been replacing apks , you will need to enable developer settings ( settings -> about tablet -> scroll down to " build number " and tap seven times ) . then , go back , and into the developer options panel , and scroll down to the " debugging " section . enable the " android debugging option " , and plug your tablet into your computer . you will also need the android sdk . after installing it , navigate to the sdk folder , then the ' tools ' subdirectory and run ' android ' . you will need to wait for it to load , and then check the platform tools package . click install , agree to the license , and it will install . open up a command prompt/terminal ( windows : win+r cmd , mac : launchpad -> ' other ' -> terminal , linux : you know how ) , and navigate to the folder your sdk is located in using cd ( i.e. cd C:\Users\bobby\android-sdk or cd /Users/bob/android-sdk ) . then , run platform-tools/adb devices . it should show up your tablet . if it does not try unplugging your tablet and repeat , and then try double-checking that you enabled usb debugging . now , simply run platform-tools/adb logcat , and run the misbehaving apps on the tablet . you should see lots of lovely stacktraces and whatnot .
yes . from the widget , select the contact name ( not image ) . this brings you to the contact info . select the chain link in the upper right hand corner ( it should say linked in your specific example ) . finally , select the image in the upper left corner . you can select the image source from there . i tested it on the htc incredible . edit : i was originally referring to the favorites widget but basically , the favorites widget is just an example of the people widget which can be the any-group-at-all widget . ( i apologize if this is obvious , caffeine has not fully sunk in yet . )
i have been using the touchdown client for the past month and have been very pleased with how will it works with our exchange server . not free , but worth a look imho .
i really like enhanced email . it is a paid app ( though i got it free from one of the amazon app of the day promotions ) , and i have used it as my main client for over a year . i really like all the options and customizations you can set , and it syncs with exchange as well as standard pop and imap protocols .
i doubt that there is one one and that there will be one in the ( near ) feature . a look at stackwrap4j , the only java stackexchange library that runs on android , shows that the body ( the content ) of a post , which can be a question or an answer , is returned as plain string . the tex equations are just included as plain tex in that string and get rendered on the client side by the browser . so , for example , droidstack would need a tex library that parses the tex code and returns a picture with the compiled tex . and i am not aware of such a library for android .
sounds like the sdcard is corrupted so other than trying to use a data recovery tool via usb from your pc to your phone to recover it it looks like you will have to either 1 ) format the sdcard storage via the settings or 2 ) do a factory reset both resulting in losing all the data on the sdcard , sorry :' (
as previously mentioned it is from go launcher . there is , however a setting to disable it . go to preferences and there should be an option to disable the christmas animation . i can no longer find it in mine but i do know it was there when the animation was appearing .
welcome to the club -- it is from the launcher , i have got that one as well since about that time . as golauncher also started spamming my notification area , i used lbe to forbid it going to the network , which worked fine -- but the xmas stuff stuck since then . so , common issue : golauncher not going to the net ( i forbid it , and you do not have network connection often ) . solution : enable network once again , update the golauncher . at least here , santa seems to be gone .
download flash from here : http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/archived-flash-player-versions.html . the stock browser is best but if you can not use that firefox is 2nd when it comes to
the following browsers does not support flash : chrome ( as mentioned by eldarerathis ) dolphin ( because it crashes the browser ) i think uc browser no longer supports flash video as well .
you will need a ms147 . be careful , you might kill your internal antenna connecting an external one .
as far as i have read ( in some instances ) rooting the droid x can prevent an ota upgrade from being applied . if that is the case here , you can perform an operation to return the phone back to its stock state . in the case of the droid x , this would be referred to as sbf . an sbf file is used with a corresponding piece of software ( like rsdlite for windows or sbf_flash in linux ) to completely reset the phone . here is a site with the files and tools used - droid x sbf files . there are many sites and videos that can walk you through this process . your best bet is to sbf back to . 602 and then you should be able to take the update , but you will lose root and your phone will be fully reset . as with everything root-related , you are fully responsible for any issues with the phone . i , nor any others members of this site take responsibility for any issues or damages you run into with your handset .
i never actually found the underlying problem but by deleting all contacts on the sim i at least did not have to scroll through hundreds of duplicates anymore .
are the contacts also duplicated in your gmail address book ? if it is just on your sim , it might be worth going into your carrier and getting a new sim card . it is possible that the sim card itself is corrupted somehow .
as you can read in the wahtsapp faq , current chat history will be lost upon restoration . anyway , you could follow these steps . for every older conversation : 1 ) use the " email conversation " function : to export a copy of the history of an individual chat or group , you can use the email chat history feature : tap and hold on the conversation or group . select email conversation choose whether to attach media or not . an email will be composed with your chat history attached as a . txt document . if you choose to attach media , the most recent media sent will be added as attachments . 2 ) send the composed email to yourself . after you did that for every older chat , restore the newer ones using your backup . this way : you will be able to read your newer messages on whatsapp normally . you will be able to read your older messages opening the attached . txt file in the emails that were composed
you could use a so called " app locker " like e.g. app lock , which allow you to protect selected apps with a pattern lock . a more restrictive way would be to turn your tab into a " kiosk device " ( details can be found following the kiosk-mode tag ; just 6 questions , so it should be easy to browse ) .
rssdemon imports opml files . justreader says it does , but i could not find it and have asked the dev about it .
android does not have a built-in rss feed reader , but there are many rss feed reader apps ( and websites ) that will happily import an opml file . if you want to use a website , or an app with a website-synced back end , then google reader is very popular , and you can definitely import opml files into google reader . on your device you can then either visit the google reader webpage , or use the google reader app , or one of the other many android apps that sync with google reader . to import an opml file into google reader , click the cog/gear icon in the top-right of the page , then click reader settings and then import/export . you should then see the option to upload your opml file .
there is the bluetooth pan profile which allows just that . it is included with cm7+ and from android 4.0 onwards ( or already 3.0 ? ) . bluetooth pan 's host ( the device that provides the internet ) acts as a router which does nat + issue dhcp adresses for its clients . there are also bluetooth dun profile apps that allow this ( they provide a virtual gsm modem and may also allow for more than 1 connection at a time ) : see host+client bluedun apps from mirko solazzi
there are several " silent cameras " available on google play , as e.g. silent camera and silent camera ( and many more ) for photos . i remember there was some settings app to completely silence the camera ( regardless of the camera app used ) , but i currently cannot find it .
as far as i know there is no way of doing this directly . however you have a few options : enable google 's backup ( Settings -&gt; Privacy ) . it will sync your settings and app list to the cloud , as well as any app data for apps that support it . if you are rooted , use titanium backup . it can save all your apps and data , and you could put the backup on your sd card . you will not want to restore the data for system apps between two different phones though , since they are unlikely to be entirely compatible .
a launcher will not put the whole system in grayscale , only your home screen . the samsung galaxy s5 has a true grayscale function you can enable system wide . if you do not want to buy a samsung galaxy s5 then try cf . lumen https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=eu.chainfire.lumen it can color the screen to a specific tint . as a side effect the battery life will increase a lot . if you have a samsung phone , but not necessarily the s5 then you can use this root app to put everything into true monochrome ( grayscale ) : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=mobi.pruss.galacticnight
there is no built-in function that does this on an android phone . the bast way to achieve this is to install a custom launcher . check on the play store , there are a bunch of them .
i think you need this root your phone and install the following app from play store by famous developer chainfire https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=eu.chainfire.cf3d then change the setting to grayscale
yes you can , but the steps may be a little bit complicated , see the following blog post about ssh-ing over bluetooth .
how to find the activity ? activities are listed in the .apk file 's Manifest . this is e.g. explained in run android application from command line . the linked page gives a short example : the activity is listed in the &lt;activity&gt; element , which also holds the intent to be called ( in the contained &lt;action&gt; element ) . how to investigate the Manifest ? now for the tricky part , as we are no developers : how to view the Manifest ? luckily , we can get some help from the playstore for this -- e.g. in the form of an app called app detective : app detective and appexplore ( source : google playstore ; click images to enlarge ) as you can see in above screenshot , this app allows the user to investigate the Manifest files of installed apps , but does not stop at this . ressources , libraries , signatures , and more can be looked up . alternatives worth mentioning are the manifestviewer and the appexplore . pick your choice : ) so what is the main activity of google keep ? using above " investigation methods " , kevin figured out it is com.google.android.keep.BrowserActivity ( see below comment if you do not believe me ; )
note that the html5 client-side storage is not in either of those locations . to clear that , you need to go into your browser , press the menu button , select , more , then settings then scroll right to the bottom where you can see ( under the advanced heading ) website settings , now you should be able to see which websites have stored data on your phone ( shows as a rectangle that fills up , the more they store ) , as well as what other permissions you have given websites , like which ones can use your location data .
to reset the flash based data storage ( technically like cookies ) , you have to wipe the data for the flash plugin . home => settings => applications => manage applications => adobe flash player => clear data . i would do the same procedure for your browser application , too , if have nothing valuable saved in the browser settings/passwords . i wish adobe had provided some form of privacy configuration application as they started to include with latest flash plugin for desktops .
if you root your vibrant , you should be able to get hebrew characters support , as described here . basically you are just overwriting a system default " fall-back " font with the one that has hebrew . this will get your phone to recognize the incoming text . next you can install a virtual keyboard with a language pack , such as anysoftkeyboard and the hebrew language pack .
unfortunately i do not think you can . it looks like samsung has not released a hebrew version . see this related question : does froyo include full hebrew support for all devices ? as well as is hebrew support built into android ?
hi you may also wanna check rawvision : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.caketuzz.rawvision cheers
i just released a raw viewer for android . it has a very basic importing tool ( it is something that i did for myself to be able to review the pictures in a bigger screen ) but the best thing is that it can be used as one of the possible actions for images from your favorite filebrowser . it is name is rawpal gallery . you can find it in the market : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.rawpal.gallery i will apreciate any comment or sugestion . regards
searching the market , i found rawdroid demo . it says it'll open raw files from dslrs including canon . i have not tried it and it does not seem to have many downloads , so i am not sure if it will work .
you can clear the market data from the command line like so : rm -r /data/data/com.android.vending/*
if the problem is limited to large apps , maybe the problem is the following : http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/17824-google-maps-wont-install/page__p__175751#entry175751 the market uses the same folder for cache as dalvik does , so you are limited to 5mb apps !
there is an app on google play store for disable and re enable the music button . music button disabler for android hope this help .
sorry , this is a bit of a half-answer - i have not worked it right the way though yet - but i think you could do something like the following using the ( amazing ) tasker app . ON 'Screen Off', IF current music track = "", SET Media Volume = 0 ON 'Screen On' set volume back to normal  by checking for a currently playing track , it will not mute whilst you are genuinely listening to something just because the screen is then turned off . whilst it does not disable your phone as such , it would stop the music blearing out . you could also add a vibrate notification to warn you if this has happened .
you can try button remapper , but i am not 100% sure if your device is supported . if its not , you could contact the dev and see if he can add support , he recently added support for the galaxy s devices . edit actually , from looking at that thread , it may be supported already . i see there are " media " actions that can be changed . . .
the critical failure seems to be the use of a usb hub . on my transformer i can mount two different thumb drives and an sd card at the same time . the left port us usbdrive2 , even when only one thumb drive is plugged in . so it appears to me that it is a honeycomb thing mapping each port to a specific directory , ignoring the possiblity of usb hubs . unfortunately i no longer have a usb hub to test this theory on since my wife has watched one too many hoarders shows . the a500 only has one usb host , but it also has a microsd reader in additon . so an alternative solution you may want to consider is using a micro sd card in your camera in a sd adapter and then popping that into the a500 . a microsd card is quite a bit cheaper than a transformer + dock .
there is a " beta " version of cyanogenmod 7 for the optimus one over at the xda forums which you could try out . there also appear to be a couple of builds that are derived from cm but mix in different tweaks and patches to the kernel and whatnot ( one such build here , also gingerbread ) . cyanogenmod - if you are not already familiar with it - is essentially a vanilla android experience but with some nice additional settings and improvements . they build from the android source code and then add some patches of their own . i think one of the few plainly noticeable differences is that they use adw launcher as a home app instead of the stock gingerbread one , but i think the gb launcher is floating around on the market somewhere . adw is nice anyway , though .
you should not worry about art or dalvik since you have no control over which one they are using . assume they are using the slower one and go from there . art is far off anyway and even after its out as the default for android it will still probably be years before its the biggest chunk of the market . and art is still in beta so who knows how good or bad it will be after they optimize/fix all bugs , etc . do not worry about art right now unless it causes your app to crash . scala can be slower but if it decreases your overall development time then just use it . scala 's compiler is still evolving and the possible gap in equivalent code is shrinking .
not in the internal filesystem , but it may leave files on the sd card . apps on android are only able to write on two places within the filesystem /data/data/&lt;packagename&gt; /mnt/sdcard/ or /sdcard the /data/data/&lt;packagename&gt; directory gets deleted when you delete the app , so the only place where file cruft can be found is the sd card .
that depends , a lot of developers do not properly take care of their associated application 's data and may leave them lying around . the package manager uninstalls the apps from /data/data/..../ depending on the package name . for example , application myfoobarapp whose package name is org.foo.bar.app then this would be the spot - /data/data/org.foo.bar.app/ which would have the following : those five sub-directories are standard placeholders for the apps to function . and package manager will only remove those files and sub-directories upon un-install of said application . all too often , out of hindsight or bad code , the apps would not automatically clean up after themselves , such as placing temporary files on the /sdcard or heavens-forbid , in /data/local/tmp which incidentally , is the worst abuse of it as it is world writeable !
i found this thread : http://forums.androidcentral.com/verizon-galaxy-s-iii/297744-calendar-event-how-add-bridge-numbers-easy-dial.html it looks like you can make a contact with a complex dialing code and then link to that contact as an attendee on the calendar event . then click the attendee link to dial the number .
if i had to guess , i would guess it runs fsck . on linux and ext3/fat filesystems there is no way to check the file system when it is being used , so it is usually checked on boot . however , it taking 5 minutes on such small disk sounds abnormal . be sure to have backups of all data you have on your phone , it is possible that the hardware is failing . if you have a memory card in it , it might make sense to take it out and run some diagnostics for it on a real computer . if the problem is in internal memory of the phone , then , well , apart from rooting the device it is hard to know .
download and install the android sdk . on your handset 's manufacturer website find and download usb drivers for your device , and install them . on your phone go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development and enable the USB debugging option . now when connect the phone to your pc via usb , you should see the " usb debugging connected " ongoing notification . on your pc ( i am assuming windows ) start command prompt by going to start -> run , typing " cmd " and pressing enter . navigate to the " platrofm-tools " sub-folder of where you installed the android sdk ( e . g . " c:\androidsdk" ) by typing the following : cd c:\androidsdk\platform-tools and press enter . now issue the following command : adb devices and press enter . if everything was installed correctly , the adb service will start and show your connected handset 's serial number : * daemon not running . starting it now on port 5037 * * daemon started successfully * list of devices attached ht035xxxxxxxx device you can now issue the adb logcat command to review your handset 's logs in real-time . reboot while your handset is still plugged into usb ( you will need to re-issue the adb logcat command when the phone restarts ) and you will be able to see what your phone is doing during those long boot-up sequences .
try using temporary lock . it allows you to lock the phone on an as-needed basis . ( there is a free trial . )
all you have to do is make sure that it is set to ' immediately ' and then when you turn your screen off ( by pressing your phones power button once ) , the phone will lock at the same time - and the screen will still be off .
you can press the power button or use program like screen off and lock . the advantage of software lock is it will prevent wear and tear of your hardware button .
the setting you have mentioned there will work when you manually turn off the screen - on my htc desire it is pressing the power button . with " lock phone after " set to " immediately " it will lock the phone once the screen turns off ( manually or after timeout ) to set the screen timeout go to settings | display | screen timeout and set it to however long you want the screen to stay on for until it automatically turns off . the two timeouts work separately : screen timeout is for when the screen turns itself off ( for the battery conscious ) lock timeout for when the lock screen will be shown ( for the security conscious ) for example , i have screen timeout set to '2min ' , and lock timeout set to ' immediate ' . so if i leave my phone without touching it , 2 minutes later the screen will turn itself off . if i immediately turn the screen back on , i will be challenged with the lock screen . if i keep screen timeout as '2min ' and change lock timeout to '5min ' , then like before without using the phone , the screen will turn itself off in 2min . however if i immediately turn the screen back on , there will be no lock screen . only after 5min of not using the phone will i be challenged with the lock screen when i turn the screen back on .
i have a samsung s3 mini ( android 4.2.2 ) . i prefer to lock the device manually . i also prefer to turn the display on and off manually without locking the device . to keep these functions separated , i made three configuration changes . i set a long lock timer ( 15 minutes ) . i set a long screen saver timer ( 10 minutes ) . i installed a widget called screen off . touching screen off locks the device instantly . pressing the power key turns the display off and on , but does not lock the device . the long timers eventually turn off and lock the device when i forget .
this should be possible using tasker . while it might be a bit expensive if used for this one purpose only , there are so many other things you can solve with it , so it finally is definitly worth the money . a free trial is available at the dev 's website . but back to your question . i did not try it out ( yet ) , but basically it should work like this : tasks you first need three tasks , to enable/disable/delayed_enable the lock : task " activate_lock": display -> keyguard : on variable -> variable set -> name : %mylocker , to : 1 task " deactivate_lock": display -> keyguard : off variable -> variable set -> name : %mylocker , to : 0 task " delayed_lock": task -> wait ( configure the delay time here ) display -> keyguard : on variable -> variable set -> name : %mylocker , to : 1 profile a single profile should take care for the automated locking : condition : variable -> variable value -> name : %mylocker , op : " math : is not equal " , value : 1 state -> display -> display state : off task : delayed_lock widgets tasker allows you to create widgets for tasks . so you create two of them : one for " activate_lock " , and one for " deactivate_lock " . configure your system for immediate lock . what will happen ? if you hit " activate_lock " , your screen will be locked . unlock it and work as usual , and as soon as you turn your display off , it is locked again . this is the " immediate lock " you wanted . if you hit the " deactivate_lock " , you get your present state back : once you turn off your screen , both conditions of the profile are met -- and after the configured delay , keyguard ( and thus the locking mechanism ) is switched on again -- your screen is locked .
here is what i have done so far for each thing to backup ( for reference i am on droid 2 global cdma , os 2.2: contacts : open " contacts " i.e. " contacts a-z " click the menu button click " more " import/export selected " export contacts to:" -> " sd card " the file will then be exported to "/sdcard/00001 . vcf " . every time you export it will increment . the vcf file is one of the those standard types of files and is human readable , so even if you have problems later you can at least salvage the information . just connected by phone to pc via usb and copied . photos : i am not sure about third party apps or other versions of android , but it seems all of my photos are stored on the sd card using the dcim folder "/sdcard/dcim " which is easily accessible upon connecting with usb . calendar : it looks like it was using one of my account 's google calendars , i do not know if they permit a local only option with the default calendar . i plan to just export using my private feed to the next account or dealing with this separately since its not " not on the phone " http://www.google.com/support/calendar/bin/answer.py?answer=37111 after backing up the above and some specific apps with dumps , i decided to just go the root route ( z4root ) and i am now using adb to backup files (http://jonwestfall.com/2009/08/backup-restore-android-apps-using-adb/), i might also try titanium or make a image once i figure that part out . i will update others as i go .
i went into the gmail app and turned off the alerts there under settings , reached by the menu key . that way , they both receive the mail , but only one sends the alert . do not know why i did not think of this before , thinking it was going to be much harder .
there is a similar question which covers some of this : security risks of rooting your android smartphone . however , since it does not really explain how you manage access to the root user , i will expand on that here . when you root your device , you basically always ( technically i suppose you do not have to , but you should ) install the superuser application along with the su binary . superuser 's sole purpose is to manage which applications are permitted to elevate to root and which are not . the default behavior is that superuser will prompt you whenever a new app tries to execute a call to su , and you can then allow or deny it using the prompt . it can save your decisions so that you will not get prompted more than once for the same app , but you can erase this saved data from the superuser settings page . it also provides a log viewer which keeps track of when su is accessed and by which applications . now , the tricky part is that many of the newer malicious apps will actually perform an exploit to gain root access rather than simply trying to make a call to su . there is really not much you can do about these aside from being careful about what you install and where you install apps from since they are not even using su to begin with . however - to directly answer your question - apps which require legitimate root access can be easily managed by superuser as explained above . if you are rooted but do not already have superuser then you should be able to simply install it from the market , i believe .
you can not push to the sdcard 's root , but you can push in any folder found in it , except /sdcard/Android/data .
app permissions are defined in the code of the application ( the manifest to be exact ) and cannot be changed without actually " un-building " , changing and then rebuilding the apk again . the solution you are looking for is using permissions controlling/restricting applications . here are some examples for these kind of apps : lbe privacy guard pdroid app ops - permission manager
to provide some background on this question , google talk uses xmpp ( aka jabber ) which is an open instant messaging standard . as a part of this standard , every instant messaging client ( chat in gmail and the android talk app ) is assigned a resource . the server then uses the resource to know which client is communicating . this is how the interaction works : say your gmail account is bob@gmail . com . then gmail chat might be bob@gmail.com/gchat and the talk app bob@gmail.com/talk when your friend sue ( sue@gmail . com ) wants to send you a message , she simply sends it to bob@gmail . com . at this point , the server either sends the message to whichever client you used last , or sends the message to all currently connected clients ( google does the latter ) . when you reply to sue using the talk app , she receives the message from bob@gmail.com/talk . now , instead of sending further messages to bob@gmail . com , sue 's client now sends messages directly to bob@gmail.com/talk and will continue doing so until a message is received from some other client . this means that what saiboogu said should work . that is , to switch between clients , send a message to the person you are chatting with from the desired client . tl ; dr : this happens by design , saiboogu 's workaround works .
i do not know if what you propose is under consideration -- it would be nice . your summary of how it all works sounds accurate . i handle the transition by sending a new message from whatever new location i am continuing the conversation in , to manually force it to redirect . as you say , you will not get the history but it is the simplest method .
there is no other way to change the " unknown sources " setting , but if you root the phone you can find apps to toggle usb debugging simply by searching on google play . there is no way to replace the settings app without replacing the whole rom . the settings app is just too closely tied to the rest of the system : it is not designed to be replaced .
it might be a wise idea to do a backup , and reinstall your rom . it sounds like you somehow or other got the settings app switched from a system app to a user app . without debugging enabled , it will be a slight hassle , but this is fixable . type in terminal emulator app : am start -a android . intent . action . main -n com . android . settings/ . developmentsettings to get debugging to work . from there you run a log cat , and see what is holding the settings app from running correctly this should work w/o root
that is not how nfc works . the n stands for " near " , and it really means that : the tag has to be touching the back of the phone for it to be read . sometimes even putting a case on the phone stops it reading nfc tags . if you want something like this , you could buy a samsung galaxy note 2 or later . these phones have a special feature using the phone 's stylus ( s pen ) , where if the phone gets more than about a metre from the stylus , it will start to bleep . it is mainly intended to stop you forgetting the stylus , but it works just as well the other way around . some newer bluetooth headsets have this feature too : the headset alerts you if it goes out of range of the phone .
with the note 3 do the following : open -settings -general -accounts -google uncheck 'sync picasa web albums ' the " gallery " button is found in general> applications manager select all scroll down and select gallery tap clear data
from my tests , data usage still show normal usage . e.g. using firefox , firefox data usage increase , using google+ , google+ data usage increase , etc . . . also , it is not double counted for adblock plus . ( i used ~15mb total , and data usage report 340kb for adblock plus ) . tested on android 4.1.2 .
short answer : no i do not know how to see per-app data usage when using abp . long answer : i am running rooted 4.1.2 on a samsung galaxy ace 2 ( gt-i8160 ) and i have deleted or frozen most of the bloatware with titanium backup and configured auto-update off and syncing off for everything that is left . so i can run a browser test with abp on and off without other apps chewing up background data and invalidating the results . the android os used about 10kb of data on each test run and google services used about 1kb ; all other data usage was either abp or the stock android browser ' internet ' . test procedure : wi-fi off . open browser , load about:blank , clear cache & history & cookies , exit browser . take first set of data usage readings . ( settings - data usage ) open browser , load www.theregister.co.uk from bookmark . wait for full page load . back button to about:blank , clear cache & history & cookies , exit via home button . take second set of data usage readings . toggle abp filtering on or off and repeat from step 4 . i did 8 tests , alternating bewtween abp on and off each time . here are the results : abp on browser used 40kb and abp used 350kb . total 390kb . browser used 40kb and abp used 380kb . total 420kb . browser used 50kb and abp used 360kb . total 410kb . browser used 40kb and abp used 350kb . total 390kb . abp off browser used 620kb and abp used none . total 620kb . browser used 530kb and abp used none . total 530kb . browser used 490kb and abp used none . total 490kb . browser used 520kb and abp used none . total 520kb . i do not know what the 40 to 50kb browser data usage when abp is on represents . it cannot be the actual volume of data flowing from abp to the browser . the register 's home page is 53kb of html source ; that is ignoring all the linked images , scripts , css , etc . the true size of the page with all that stuff in is much larger ; the web archive my desktop browser generates when i save that page is 681kb . note that i am running abp in my desktop browser . i can only assume that the browser is managing to bypass abp for some small number of its data requests ; perhaps for those on non-standard port numbers . i am definitely not seeing the real data usage of the browser ; that should be around the same size as abp 's data usage during my test runs . abp needs a stats facility that reports the data usage of each app that is using it . unfortunately it does not seem to have one . on the plus side , it is reducing total data usage according to my tests . page loading was quicker too .
downolad any rom and flesh via cwm recuvery ( http://www.techtuple.com/919/list-of-best-custom-rom-for-htc-desire-bravo/ ) this site and copy zip file and flesh ur htc desire a8181 . . . . . .
you can follow this link depending on your htc , your phone model is htc bravo you can download your roms here your edit : official ruu 3.14 desire gingerbread--- [ v1.2/1st/august/2012 ] this is best rom it also give you more then 100mb free space . i used it for my device too
it depends on what keyboard app you are using . if you are using google keyboard ( the default on nexus devices ) , go into its settings . go to the text correction section and click auto-correction . choose off from the list . if you prefer , you could install a keyboard that supports using multiple languages at the same time , such as swiftkey .
short answer with two letters : no . tl ; dr whatever app you use to work with your contacts , sms , and phone – they will need to access your contacts , sms , and phone ( how else should that work ? ) , so alternative apps for that will not be much help . with the exception of those few which use own databases ( i know of some calendar apps that do this , but did not yet encounter any such contacts/dialer/sms app ) , which would not work with contacts ( how shall the dialer or messages app then access them , except it is built into the very same app ? ) . let 's assume you find such an all-in-one contacts app using its own storage : you had to trust it as well that it does not initiate calls to some premium numbers ( or send sms there ) in the background , and ( in case it has the INTERNET permission ) send all your private data " to some cloud " . so as dan pointed out in his comment on your question : if you have concerns about an app that asks for permission to access something , do not install it . with root if , on the other hand , you decide to root your device , there are several solutions available to restrict apps . just to name some : lbe , pdroid , xprivacy . for details , please check with what information does stock android send to google by default , and how do i opt-out ? and how to fake my personal information .
no piece of software that you install on any hardware of any form is 100% safe unless you are the author or you have read all of the source code , verified its safety , and built it yourself . okay , so this may be something of an oversimplification , but it is actually not too far off in most cases . custom roms are no exception to this . yes , a rom author could put spyware , a backdoor , or just about anything else they wanted into a rom if they wanted to maliciously exploit it . with aosp roms i suppose the possibilities are somewhat magnified since the android source itself could be modified to contain some kind of exploit or spyware . it is also worth noting , however , that running a manufacturer stock rom is not necessarily a safer option if you are concerned about privacy . the question " is android safe by default " is in some ways kind of a meaningless question . is it designed to be safe ? well yes , data is protected at the application level and apps are sandboxed . any os is intended to be safe , but all of that goes out the window when you run a rom that is not pure aosp . on top of that , the nature of code is that it has bugs , with android being no exception . custom roms and manufacturer roms alike can absolutely have the potential to introduce ( either intentionally or unintentionally ) ways for your data to be sniffed or stolen .
while this question is not often asked , it is one of the best concerning android safety out there . custom roms are not safe at all . ise only official firmware and os .
charging and playing heavy games damages the battery very quickly . it is caused due to the overheating while charging , short recharge n discharge cycles while charging n playing games and heat due to the gpu . heat is the sole enemy of battery . this is the same scenario in most of the mobile devices . i recommend you to first fully charge the device n play until the charge drains out . i know it is a bit harsh .
this problem seems to have resolved itself over night . this is only speculation , but my guess would be that some of the processing involved in converting a non-gmail google account to a gmail google account happens overnight . i woke up this morning and everything seems to be working perfectly again .
the " draw over other apps " permission ( known to developers as android.permission.SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW ) only lets the app create a window of type TYPE_SYSTEM_ALERT . this is the same type of window used by the battery warning , amongst other things , and is shown on top of any normal window , whatever you are doing . drawing this window on top of the other windows is done by android itself . an app with this permission still can not read other parts of the screen or read other apps ' data . this permission does not even let the app see ( the names of ) what other apps are running , which is controlled by a different permission called , " retrieve running apps " . facebook messenger does not use that permission , but the main facebook app does , in order to support facebook home . even so , this permission is far from harmless . an app might use this permission to display pop-up ads when you are doing something else : ads that you can not dismiss , not even by pressing home . with a bit of cunning , it might even be possible for an app to place a window that conceals an important confirmation dialog , so that while you think you are answering " yes " to a harmless question , the button belongs to a warning about installing further apps or deleting your data , which the system alert has hidden . this was a common tactic used by windows malware a few years ago ( before uac arrived in windows vista ) .
when you set the alarm , select the alarm sound that you like best , at the same time activate the volume control . i had a similar problem with my htc hero before i realised that the volume control had someohow been set to its minimum . i must stress that the volume must be activated whilst selecting the required sound . hope this helps .
i had lots of problems with this myself , as you suggest my taskkiller was closing it down , on changing an alarm setting it would start back up . you should be able to press and hold on a task in advanced task killer and tell it to ignore the alarm task . this seems to have done the trick for me anyway .
you are certainly not the only one with alarm issues . check out this list of defects related to the alarm on the issue tracker for android os . unfortunately it seems like the symptoms vary depending on a lot of factors or do not seem to be consistent at a glance . the symptoms you described for the htc desire running 2.1 are exactly what i experience . funny thing is . . . i have an htc hero running 2.1 ( same as your wife 's ) ! i can also tell you that the alarm used to work on my htc hero before upgrading from 1.5 to eclair . i do have a workaround that worked in my case that you might want to try : i found that the alarm was not going off if the phone is not plugged into a charger . once i started leaving it on the charger at night it works 100% of the time for me . if this does not work for you , or perhaps you already leave it on the charger and it still does not work , i would suggest doing some research on the issue tracker . if nothing there seems to help maybe enter a new issue to bring it to the android team 's attention .
yes , you can do this . here 's how : note : i am on froyo ( android 2.2 ) , so if you are on a different version it may be slightly different . go to your home screen . choose settings from the menu choose language and keyboard choose android keyboard choose input languages select the english and german languages exit out by pressing the home key you are now set up for german and english . here 's how to test it : open the browser tap the address bar to bring up the keyboard long press the address bar ( or text field , whatever you want to call it ) look at the the space bar : it will have the following : &lt ; english > now swipe/slide your finger over the space bar , you will see it change to &lt ; german > once &lt ; german > is selected , you are now using the german keyboard . swipe again to return to english . enjoy .
what about installing an alternative keyboard , like anysoftkeyboard with appropriate language packs . ( it is free/libre/open-source software , and it is available from http://f-droid.org , which means that it was independently rebuilt from the sources . so you have another guarantee that it does not spy , by the way . ) configure it for multiple languages , and choose it as your default one .
as bryan has rightly said by installing third party keyboard apps will be helpful . try an app like the swiftkey keyboard . it has a multilingual keyboard support and is much better in typing when compared to the stock keyboard provided .
there are several rdp/vnc application on android , which can be used to " run " any windows application . what you basically need to do is fairly straightforward : setup a server or virtual machine running a windows machine install a rdp/vnc viewer on your android configure the viewer to connect to the server citrix and azure virtualization platform can be accessed by regular off-the-shelf rdp viewer . as an alternative , many open source or off-the-shelf virtualization software like virtualbox or vmware also supports rdp or vnc protocol for remote displays of their virtual machines . how to set up the server is outside the scope of [ android . se ] , try [ superuser ] or [ serverfault ] . once the server is setup , it is fairly straightforward to setup the android part , come back with a more specific question if you had trouble when you get there .
assuming that it has not changed since ics , you can go to : Settings \u2192 Language &amp; Input \u2192 Android Keyboard settings  you can enable another languages over there and then you can quickly switch by long pressing on the space bar or by tapping on " select input method " entry on the notification bar .
you have to uncheck the box that says " use system language " . i had the same problem , i had not seen that !
most likely . if your phone is rooted , you can install an app that will sync the clock using ntp . ( just search for ntp on google play : there are many such apps . )
if you run xposed framework , nfc lockscreenoff enabler is your method of choice .
@damryfbfnetsi . . . seems you can offer a solution to my question . how can i unlock blank screenlock enabled on my andriod device by mistakenly used andriod device manager on my itel it1401 mobile phone ? it is all black blank screen and nothing seems to respond pressing keys , but only the power keys seems to switch on/off ! help plesse !
as it seems you have tried resetting to factory defaults and re-flashing same update , i believe the causes might be caused by updated baseband . i would try reflashing different original firmware . you can also flash baseband only via flashtool so maybe it might be worth trying to flash baseband from the firmware that worked . ymmv . you can find links to download ftf ( original firmware ) for your device : build 4.1 . b . 0.587 - http://d-h.st/vft build 4.1 . b . 0.626 - http://goo.gl/hafwi build 4.1 . b . 0.631 - http://d-h.st/ivf sources and more info : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2047914 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1952333 http://www.flashtool.net/index.php
simple solution , just reflash radio for your device and it should work . if not contact your provider .
try flashing the latest ftf file from here . if you are already in . 631 build try flashing the baseband alone . ( try downloading the ftf file again and flash ) .
i see . . your main concern is to save battery life and identify which app consumes the most of your battery . you can use the hidden built-in android battery usage monitor using the guide below . dial this code in your phone dialer * # * # 4636 # * # * then press on usage statistics from here you could see how long your app is running even if it is running as service ex . ( update gps position , get movement xyz axis for pedometer , compass , wifi/network location , barometer , ambient light sensor or etc ) .
if you go to settings -> battery ( settings -> about phone -> battery in &lt ; ics ) . you will see battery usage by everything running on your phone . if some certain application consumes very high battery , it will be listed there along with battery usage . you can then minimize use of such application .
if you have a newer version of android ( ice cream sandwich ) you just go to settings > battery , and you will find a list of what is sucking the most battery .
you can visit the accounts page in your computer and click on " settings " tab . under " my devices " section you will have all the devices that your account is being tied with .
common causes that prevent your device from being presented at your devices list are : you are using the google play website before using the google play store app on your device . you are signed in with a different account on play . google . com than you are using on your device . your device isn’t supported . ( droid razr is supported ) the first one probably solves your issue of registering the device within google play store . after , you can manage your devices and disable the old one . access your account , click the " settings " tab and untick the " shown in menus " checkbox . references : google play help
passmark has a quite comprehensive list of android devices with cpu , memory , storage , 2d graphics and 3d graphics benchmarks . if your device is not on the list , you can use the free app on google play to measure your device ( and contribute to the public list ) .
i fixed the problem by the following steps : clear data of the xpressconnect app , then uninstall it . this step alone did not fix the problem . reboot my nook to recovery mode , and clear/wipe the dalvik cache . restart . to start fresh , i also clear the cache of all my web browsers .
the problem is caused because the os thinks you connected your headphones . i saw that problem in ios some years ago . use this app to solve it : wiredheadphoneroutingfix
i assume the usb connection is not the main point ? you could look into a trrs splitter to fit your 3,5mm plug into the headset jack on your phone . here 's one example , just to give you an idea of what i mean . this way you can use a normal recording app to capture analog audio from your soundboard . just be careful to check the levels since the jack is not a line in jack , but a mic in jack .
this sounds like a file permissions issue on the data directory . the only fix would be to wipe , however if rooted and/or have a custom recovery , you should first try the fix permissions option . otherwise , you will have to do a factory reset .
you may want to read this blog post . you might get a way with simply trying to access any web site and waiting for the Buy Web DayPass prompt . otherwise you might need to do the trick mentioned in the blog , which is trying the above on a non-android phone and then swapping the the daypass enabled sim .
i reproduced the exact same issue on my nexus 10 after upgrading to kitkat . cycling power on the device after the update resolved the problem for me .
solved myself : i tried after reading a lot of stuff to tweak my router and do a firmware update and i totally messed it up and almost destroyed it . it actually will not work at all and will not be found by wireless or anything , but it was already 5 years old , so i did not mind too much , i went and bought a new one ( logilink - heard this brand for the first time , but works like a charm ) . i installed my new router ( even though it asked for some things i heard for the first time in my entire life ) and it runs on 802.11n perfectly fine for all my 3 computers and all my 3 phones . so turns out my old router was too old apparently . in conclusion , for anyone reading the question , i believe a firmware update on an old router if done properly ( in which i failed horribly ) can fix this problem , also as @matthewread pointed out in the comments mixed b and g was fairly worse than g only , so you can try this . in any case ,
very likely nothing at all got hacked . dlna is a standard used for devices like phones , smart hard disks , smart tvs , and pcs to browse and share media files ( videos , photos , and music ) . it looks like your phone came with a dlna server to make it easier for you to play/show media files on ( for example ) your tv . normally , you had go to a menu on your tv of connected dlna media sources ( devices offering media sources ) , and select your phone . your tv would then connect to the phone to get a list of what media files it has , and this warning would come up before the phone responds , to check that this is a device you were expecting ( and not , say , someone 's laptop on the wi-fi network in starbucks ) . if you have identified this device as your laptop , then it must be some software on that that is making the request . it is possible that it is malware running on the laptop , but more likely , it is some normal media-player or photo-manager software . even if you have not explicitly told it to scan for files on your device , it simply be trying to connect to your device when you are browsing for an unrelated media file , or indexing in the background to help you find files more easily in future . if you have left the dlna server in your phone turned on while travelling , then you certainly are not paranoid about security . it defaults to on to make it easier to use - most people would never realise it was there to turn on - but it is safer to leave it off until you actually want to use that feature .
you could probably start the application with the abd shell in the shell type am start [DETAILS]  the usage is some examples can be seen on this page . it would require you to know a few details about the launcher in question though . it may be worth reading this thread about am usage from the android-framework google group .
pressing the home key on my dell streak prompts me to choose a launcher program if there is not currently one running after it is crashed or re-installed .
the product description on brookstone 's site ( and the amazon one mentions this , too ) seems to indicate that you can not . they specifically list that there are receivers for iphone 3g/3gs and blackberry curve 8900 . you can not charge something without the receiver/case , so if they do not make one for the eris ( which it appears they do not ) then it will not work . that being said , you could always stop by or call your local brookstone and ask , i suppose .
eldarerathis is right . the powerplate is a two part system . 1 . the base and 2 . the receiver . the receiver clips onto the phone and is specific to the phone . it looks like the powerplate system replaces the battery cover on the blackberry and is a snap-on cover for the iphone . duracell makes an inductive charger that is compatible with the eris . powermat does not have an eris receiver but they have some universals . or you could hack your own solution .
maybe you try two avenues : dolphin browser ( which does prompt for to clear cache , etc on exit ) , there is the mini version , this version as linked to the play store , and the hd version . history eraser - this clears all the history of sms , calls , browser history etc in one swell foop .
the pc / desktop opera version has that feature . unfortunately , it is not available in mobile versions . you can try the following browsers instead : dolphin Settings &gt; Exit Settings &gt; Clear Cache When Exiting Settings &gt; Exit Settings &gt; Clear History When Exiting Settings &gt; Exit Settings &gt; Clear Cookies When Exiting uc browser Settings &gt; Clear Data &gt; Clear data on exit Settings &gt; Clear Data &gt; Cookies Settings &gt; Clear Data &gt; Form Settings &gt; Clear Data &gt; History Settings &gt; Clear Data &gt; Cache as of this time , i prefer to use uc browser , because dolphin is giving me a lot of issues on my samsung galaxy s2 , running cm10.1 .
format the sd card and flash the stock rom again . this would guarantee clearing out any spyware . here is a tutorial describing how to take it back to stock . "…i say we take off and nuke the entire site from orbit . it’s the only way to be sure . "
i would suspect that there is no spyware on her phone . whatsapp shows when a contact is online or has last been online , so it is possible that the person assumes that when she is online , she is chatting with you . you can prevent this by opening whatsapp and going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Contacts -&gt; Blocked contacts and adding the stalker to the block list on her whatsapp account . this should prevent him from seeing her whatsapp activity . otherwise , designerwhocodes 's answer is the only certain way of removing spyware .
hold volume up and back key . have you tried this ?
looking at the developers website it should be as simple as copying the gallery vault backup data folder .thinkyeah/ to your new device 's sd card . you should then be able to install the app on your new device and open the vault with the same password you previously used .
in android , the dns cache is not on the os level ( linux ) , but on the java level ( managed by java .net. inetaddress ) . therefore , it is not possible to list the cache contents from the shell , however you can access it from the java code . please see java dns cache viewer question on stackoverflow , one of the answers has a sample java code that prints the positive and negative dns cache . you can incorporate that code into whatever solution you are building .
galaxy s has a notoriously bad gps . i changed from s to now s3 , and there is a huge difference . the s3 is extremely fast to get a gps lock , and incomparably more precise . so do not expect wonders from a galaxy s .
this shows the difference between agps and gps . agps ( assisted gps ) uses a small amount of mobile data to establish a rough location fix ( about 1km-100m accuracy ) based on the cell towers near you . this gives a faster initial location fix than just gps . since you had roaming disabled , agps was not available and getting a location fix on just gps can take a while , especially on some firmware versions of the galaxy s .
i have actually been writing an application that uses gps , so i can shed some light on this . onik is correct about the agps vs gps . additionally , though , gps can be affected by a number of factors which can reduce accuracy or the ability to receive a signal at all : gps accuracy is affected by a number of factors , including satellite positions , noise in the radio signal , atmospheric conditions , and natural barriers to the signal . noise can create an error between 1 to 10 meters and results from static or interference from something near the receiver or something on the same frequency . objects such a mountains or buildings between the satellite and the receiver can also produce error , sometimes up to 30 meters . the most accurate determination of position occurs when the satellite and receiver have a clear view of each other and no other objects interfere . as well with agps is dgps ( differential gps ) . ( but i do not believe phones have this , only agps ) . like the agps , the dgps uses a fixed gps location ( such as a cell tower ) to send information to the gps receiver . dgps , however , looks at both the satellite and the fixed location adjusts for any difference between the two , and then sends that information to the receiver . dgps is particularly helpful when atmospheric conditions interfere with reception . source/more information . in short , make sure you are outside and have a clear view of the sky . the initial lock will sometimes take quite a bit of time , but subsequent locks should not be nearly as bad .
create a new profile . the context has to be application -> co pilot . leave the tasks empty . ( you actually can not leave it empty but you can add some dummy task like : alert -> notify and add an if clause that will always fail . ie %asdasd12eqwe is set . when finish with the dummy tasks go to the profile and click the task ( where is the green arrow ) . in the opened dialog click " add exit task " . here you should add the task to close dailyroads voyager : app -> kill app -> dailyroads voyager . this should do the trick . although i must add that it is not really recommended to kill apps . i am not really sure why .
mugen power batteries released a usb desktop cradle with hdmi support for the s4 . unfortunately , it seems to be out of stock right now . you can try and tweet @mugenbatteries when they will restock . i bought extended batteries from them , and will usually give you a discount code if you ask . : )
a solution is a dock or mhl ( micro-usb form factor ) to hdmi adapter . a quick google or amazon search should find what you need under $20 usd if you go with a 3rd party and not samsung . note : some roms on some models of phones do not support hdmi out ( e . g . cm10 on the i9100 i have ) probably not be an issue on your s4 but if you have flashed a non-samsung rom you might want to double check .
you mentioned in your question that you do not want to buy any additional connectors . any reason in particular ? how unwilling are you to spend money ? resolution is not going to be the problem , it is latency . if you are absolutely adverse to paying , try running a vnc server on your phone then connect to it using a vnc viewer program on your computer . laptop magazine has a very good walkthrough here : how to control an android device from your pc . they reference vmlite vnc server which is $9.99 but you can find other vnc server programs that are free ( though several do not look terribly trustworthy , imo ) . you are getting what you pay for , however ; a cheap wireless solution means input lag . your games are going to be very hard to play and the experience will be generally poor . if you can manage a few dollars , then an micro usb to hdmi mhl adapter ( with 5pin to 11pin micro usb adapter for your s4 - be sure to read the fine print ! ) as referenced in gt7599a 's answer is the way to go . $15 ( ish ) plus an hdmi cable gets you a wired solution with very low latency . if you want something wireless but are also wanting to be able to actually play games , your best bet is an adapter that takes advantage of the s4 's wifi direct/miracast capabilities . that means a samsung wi-fi all-share cast hub ( $55 ) , netgear push2tv ( $60 ) , or similar . how much is it worth to you ?
i have had a similar problem on my optimus v , and according to other users of the rom , it is specific to the rom . sometimes the volume is max level no matter what . the temporary workaround is to actually turn the volume up all the way , then turn it down . as soon as i hear the volume blasting , i have to go against my intuition to turn the volume down ( as it usually is in the lowest setting already ) and turn it all the way up , then down . try that and see if it solves the symptoms . if so , the developers of your rom need to fix the underlying bug that causes the volume indicator to be out of sync with the actual volume .
i reccomend you contact the makers of pandora about this issue , as this looks like an app bug rather than a phone issue . i would suggest emailing them with as much info as you can possibly fit in . another option would be to check the settings in pandora - you may have missed an important setting that is causing this issue .
as you did not mention your phone nor the android version , we can only make wild guesses . simplest case : it is de-activated on your android device most likely you unintentionally deactivated the usb mass storage ( or mtp , depending on device/version ) mode . to get it back : when you connected the usb cable , wait 2-3 seconds , and then pull open the notification area . it should show an entry with the usb symbol which lets you chose the action to perform ( "charge only " , " usb mass storage " , " mtp " , . . . ) . chose the one you want . now your computer should see the new device . simple case : your usb-cable got " broken " of course another possibility is your usb cable " got broken " ( e . g . due to physical stress ) . if the above did not solve your issue , you might try with a different cable . more difficult case : ubuntu messed up third option i can think of is that ubuntu somehow messed up . to rule this out , try with a different computer ( e . g . visit a friend if you do not have a second computer ) . you can also try booting from some live cd/dvd on your ubuntu machine . using the same machine for the test bears the risk that , if it is a hardware issue with the machine , results are simply the same ; in case your usb port might be the issue , try a different port ( and try a different device on the same port to cross-check ) . if it is ubuntu messing things up , our sister-site askubuntu might prove helpful , and we are not any more . . . hard case : usb port on your computer is broken i already showed above how to rule this out : try connecting your android device to a different usb port . if it works there , the former port most likely is broken . if not , try connecting some other usb device ( external hard disk would be ideal ) to the former port . if that works , the port is ok . ultra-hard case : usb port on your android device is broken if you cannot get anything to work on your devices usb port , it is a case for the repair shop . . .
some developers use the android id as a way of verifying who you are . so if you do not restore the android id , you will have to re-validate certain apps . for example , google play music and netflix will see a new device tied to your account ( source ) . google play music limits the number of devices you can have attached , so people who wipe their phone multiple times to try out new roms may have problems trying to sync with google play music as they reach the 10 device limit ( source ) . you can deauthorize devices if you have reached your limit . in practice , it is generally best to restore the id if you are going to also restore apps via titanium backup . there is no upside to keeping a new id , and there are potential downsides if you do not restore .
gallery> clear cache and clear data> uncheck and recheck notifications .
the problem was a silly one . when you try to select a wallpaper you are given two choices : full wallpaper for the virtual desktop ( option 1 , scrollable wallpapers ) and a fixed wallpaper ( the second option ) . if you select the second option , it will ask if you want to use the same wallpaper for the lock screen . however , if you select the first one , it will not ask you anything ( because it can not be set ) — ths was the root of the problem . i am assuming that , if you do tap the " do not show this dialog again " can be reset by tapping " clear defaults " in the gallery app .
as far as i know , this is just the way motorola designed their blur interface . see , for example , this screenshot from a blog post on motorola 's dev site : this basically appears anywhere that a developer uses a ListView object , which is fairly common as it is the native way to display . . . well , a list of things ( appropriately named , no ? ) . motorola describes their reasoning as such : the gray background at the bottom of the list is inherited from the device theme . its purpose is to show users where the list ends . in your case , the gray is instead white ( which i have also seen on the droid x ) , but the same concept applies . if you want to get rid of it you basically need to re-theme your device and get rid of the blur ui , which is generally not possible without rooting and using a custom rom due to how tightly integrated it is into the system . alternatively , you could email the developer and politely ask them to re-theme the ListView , since they have the option to explicitly override the default theming if they want . whether or not they think it is worth the effort is kind of out of your control at that point , though .
developers do not necessarily have to re-theme the listview to fix this - it can also be done by not forcing the listview to fill the screen . the problem is on the listview below - if layout_weight="1" , or layout_height="fill_parent " , then the listview takes up any unused space , and you get the ugly white background . setting layout_height to " wrap content " and getting rid of the weight solves the problem .
hmm , actually just tried again a few hours later and it works now . . . odd !
that is the sd card icon not the sim card icon . perhaps your phone does not recognise the sd card , or the card needs reformatting to be used with the phone . or you do not have an sd card inserted . edit after further research : that icon is called " stat_notify_sim_toolkit . " it is used in just two places , both methods inside com . android . server . mountservice : notifymediaunmounted ( ) notifymeadiachecking ( ) tracing these methods backwards , i see that the mountservice calls them when either : 1 ) a volume is detected as not mounted 2 ) it is checking to see if a volume is mounted num . 2 should only take a few seconds at longest . so , " something " is not mounted properly , though i cannot guarantee that is the sim that is having a problem . you should remove and re-insert all plugable items ( sim , sd ) . another option recommends : settings > applications > manage applications > sim toolkit > select force stop button if this removed the icon ' temporarily ' at least it confirms it is a sim problem and not sd . edit 2 someone has a recommended solution for non-rooted phone 's here : ( i cannot verify this method as i have not tested it ) simcard notification icon fix for rooted phones simply use titanium backup and freeze the app : sim toolkit
called customer support and it sounded like a defective unit . they covered it under the 1 yr included warranty . they pay for the shipping label as well , all you need to supply is the box .
currently there is no way to share notes on keep in the same way that you can share a document . however , if your goal is to share notes between a fixed amount of persons ( e . g . family members , ) you can always create a new google account , add it to all android phones that you need to share on , and enable sync of keep only on that account .
i think the app has an inbuilt functionality to share to your google+ profile etc update to the latest version if you have not seen the option .
try wunderlist , they have a great ios and android app that does it . i know some people who use it and they really seem in love with it .
> is that really how it works ? yes , i think it works very like that . > what happens when a dex file downloads and opens a new dex file from the internet ? is that optimised as well ? i think it is not possible for an application to open a dex file directly . > also - the system , afaik , keeps the original apk around , right ? i think that is kept at /data/app/myapk-1 . apk . is that used in any way by the system ? when ? yes , apk file contains all of assets and resources needed by the app when it runs . so , as an android developer , i am pretty sure that apk file is used everytime an app runs . > can you somehow manually force regeneration of the odex file from the stored apk file after installation ? yes , if you clear dalvik-cache folder manually ( your device should be rooted obviously ) , then system regenerates needed odex files when you run apps . some apps , like titanium backup , has an option to clear dalvik-cache . also , i remember that there was same option in recovery menu of my device .
for general information , you might want to refer to the odex tag-wiki and the tag-wiki for the dalvik tag . but your question even covers some parts not contained there -- and only now i realized that indeed all .apk files seem to include .dex files ( i always thought only the " odexed apps " do that ) , and you seem to be right about what the " o " stands for -- at least it makes much sense . so forgive me , i am not a developer : ) but still i might be able to answer at least a part of your question . yes , your description seems to match how it works ( until the question mark , at least ) . but , to my knowledge , no app should download and install .dex files separately . if not running with root permissions , that would even be difficult ( as the app could not write to /data/dalvik-cache , lacking the file-permissions ) . so we can skip the second part as , according to aristotle 's logic , from a wrong assumption one could derive everything : ) second : yes , the system keeps the .apk files . if your device has a custom recovery installed , you could manually wipe the dalvik cache from there -- which would force the android system to re-generate it on its next boot . basically , this is even done for the system-apps ( .apk files are located in /system/apps for those , and thus survive a factory-reset ) , namely when you do a factory-reset . third : oh , already answered . yes , by wiping the dalvik-cache .
one solution would be to use an app like auto mount your sd card , which would automatically switch to ums ( usb mass storage ) mode when your device gets connected to a computer via usb . if you still want to manually decide , this seems to be provided by mountusb widget ( which is not free , but costs ~eur 1 ) .
a possible cause would be using a custom launcher ( adw , go launcher , apex , nova , launcher pro , etc . . ) . some of these launchers allow you to hide the status bar at the top , and trigger it with actions like double tapping the home screen , swiping up or down , swiping with two fingers , etc . . what might be happening is that you are unintentionally triggering the show/hide status bar . when hidden , you can no longer pull it down . if you are using a custom launcher , go to the launcher settings , there you will find an option that allows you to customize behavior . i can also tell you if the issue is with the status bar , it is most definitely not a hardware issue .
when you are done transferring these files , it is more important that you eject the device from the computer than it is for you to unmount the sd from the statusbar . once your computer says the device is ejected , the problem should be resolved after you unplug the phone-- if not-- you can transfer files via adb without ' mounting ' the sdcard . in this case , you would not disable the debugging option ( which you do not really need to do in the first place , btw ) . =d
you either have to restore it from backup if you have one , or reflash the phone , either with a third-party rom or an official one from your phone manufacturer . can not go into specifics unless you mention your phone model .
well . . . you have experienced a soft brick ! you did some thing you did not need to do , but it is not the end of the world and you can fix it . you flashed an ics kernel on a gb device - big no no , ics kernel goes to ics rom only you used odin 3 when you should have used 1.8 so , how to fix this ? download speedmod kernel for i9100 ( i prefer his work ) from this site and flash using the correct odin version if , as you said , cannot go into download mode you need to get a jig that will force your device to go to download mode ( you have to go into download mode or you can not fix it ) by the way , can you go to recovery ? vol up + home + power ?
like it was pointed out , the Galaxy Tab was not designed in a way for it is battery to be easily removed . here 's a video on removing the case and exploring what is inside . hope this helps . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urgukerjohg
spyware . ( in all seriousness , htc has pledged to " fix it " but it turned me off of running sense on any phone i would purchase from htc . ) update : this bug has been fixed .
integration with social networks ( facebook , flickr , twitter ) , including down to the contacts application , with contact pictures and everything free " lost phone " functionality , without the need for a third-party application ( eg . lookout ) , including remote lock and wipe an ( arguably ) easier to use keyboard , with quick access to numbers and common symbols htc-specific applications ( navigation , sync , launcher , widgets , etc . ) keep in mind that all of the eye-candy features offered by sense do reduce battery life , so it may be desirable to install a third party rom or remove them from the existing rom using titanium backup .
try Settings &gt; Language and input &gt; Samsung keyboard . click the Settings icon (right side) &gt; Predictive text , and turn it on .
i had this same issue . in my case i had a bunch of words i did not want and did not realize there was the options to reset the learned words . therefore , i used the system 's application manager to clear cache and data . after doing this it broke the ribbon . no matter what i did i could not get it back . i tried just about everything , but the only way i could get it back was as follows : ( please note i am rooted ) 1 ) switch default keyboard to something else 2 ) load " titanium backup ! " 3 ) browse to the " samsung keyboard " app and " wipe data ! " 4 ) switch back to samsung keyboard and the ribbon is back ! : ) i am not sure why titanium backup ! ' s " wipe data ! " worked better than the " clear cache/clear data " from the android settings menu . i am wondering if clearing the data from the android menu a second time would have worked . i just wanted to post this information to help whoever has this issue next . it definitely can be fixed by wiping the data for just samsung keyboard ( no factory reset needed ) . i just did not narrow it down to if you need root access , and if you need to use titanium backup ! good luck !
the thing that worked for me was downloading and using english ( uk ) as default .
i have no idea why , but rebooting second time and trying to turn off/on the wifi icon on the homescreen several times did finally work .
this is one of the reasons a smartphone without a sdcard slot is an absolute no-go for me : if you cannot access the device anymore ( e . g . the device no longer powers up ) , and do not want your data " in the cloud " -- you can say good-bye to your data . . . but to your issue : sim card as you state all your contact data are on the sim card -- no worries for those . as soon as you stick the sim card into the new device , those contact data are there . unless you have used a minisim until now and the new device only supports microsim ( or any other reason you cannot simply put the sim card into the new phone ) . so in case of that , you can . . . open your contacts app on the old phone tap the menu key select export/import export all contacts to your sdcard then , we handle those data together with the other sdcard stuff . text messages they are a completely different issue . here you would need a special backup app to retrieve them . as with the contacts " export " , this would also require you to at least be able to use your old phone somehow . if your pc runs windows , you might want to take a look at myphoneexplorer , which comes with an android client ( the link points there ) and a pc component . not running windows myself , i can only report hear-say -- but it should be able to synchronize your android device with your pc , including contacts , text messages , and more . it even lets you remote-control your device to a degree , according to the comments . a similiarly powerful tool for windows users is moborobo , also worth a look ( see addictivetips for a description ) . not being on windows , but being able to use your old device 's screen at least basically , message sync can export your messages on the old and import them on the new device ; sms backup and restore would be an alternative choice . sdcard take out the sdcard from the old phone , put it into a card reader , and attach it to your pc . your pc should show this as a new drive . attach your new phone to your computer using a usb cable . it should offer you to select a connection mode . depending on what is available , chose either usb mass storage or mtp . again , your pc should now offer this as a new drive . use your favorite file explorer on the pc to copy all the data from the sdcard to your new device safely remove and disconnect both devices from your pc if you had to export your contacts on the old phone via the contacts app , use the same procedure to import them to your new device
i do not know if you have tried it or not , but use kies or mobilego . i think your phone will be automatically detected ; no need for touch screen . then , backup all the things you want . then , unplug it and connect the new phone and restore the data .
google have removed apps from the market in the past for security related reasons but this does not normally remove them from devices when they are already installed , and there was also a case a few months ago when there was particularly misleading software that google removed from the market , and also forcibly removed from people 's phones . * however all of this only protects you if you get your app from the standard android market . if you use an alternative market , or side-load the app then you are on your own , i do not believe that there is an in the os blacklist to block malware , it is all handled at the market level . *androidguys.com: android team employs remote application removal android developers blog : exercising our remote application removal feature
the problem with something like this is it is really hard to keep up . somethings are easily seen as bad , but others , are harder to judge . would you black list a twitter client that has access to your location ? that is a feature since people can attach their location to their tweets . it is not one i use , but it is one some people do . what about a note taking app that has location and camera access ? is there any use case at all for something like that needing your location or the camera ? you would need to create a standard for what is not acceptable and what is . the sad corollary is , do people installing apps really pay attention to what permissions their applications want ?
maybe you want to try a anti-malware app ? e.g. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ikarus.mobile.security or https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sophos.smsec
i believe fennec ( firefox mobile ) will have this feature , but it is currently only in alpha . you can get a copy of the alpha here . note that you will need about 40mb+ of internal storage space free to install it .
i do not see a firefox extension that bring bookmarks to your phone permanently . there are a few suggestions in this question but they are designed more for sending links on a one-time basis . getting the del . icio . us firefox add-on and the del . icio . us add-on for the android dolphin browser might be the best bet . ( i knew i saw this somewhere on here . . . props to this answer which mentions del . icio . us for android . )
if you have a htc phone and windows , then htc sync will do this .
xmarks premium allows to synchronize all bookmarks between different pcs ( supports chrome , firefox and more ) and different mobile phones/tablet ( android , iphone , blackberry ) for 12$/year .
there are several approaches to accomplish this . ready-to-use tools like juicedefender or greenpower " stutter " data ( i.e. . turn data and sync on only in certain intervals , as you requested ) . the same could be accomplished using an automation tool like tasker or llama , which then could be used for other automation as well . apart from that , you might want to check what you have enabled to sync ( see : settings→account and sync ) . maybe you do not need to sync all of that , so you can uncheck parts . i found that about have the stuff enabled there by default i did not want or need . less stuff to sync also means less power needed for the job . and bandwidth saved as a side-effect .
afaik pdroid is the best solution . ( except you need to be rooted ) you could even set a custom gps location per app . permission explorer is a good alternative .
the only reason you lost your user data was because of the oem unlock command - the documentation says this will erase all user data for security . you can install cwm using fastboot fastboot flash recovery &lt;path to recovery image&gt; , and to will not erase userdata . recovery is not a must for root - but it is recommended .
fastboot oem unlock always deletes userdata for security reasons , so it must be used only once ( until you lock again manually ) . cwm is needed if you want to flash a root package ( you can not push it via fastboot ) , but that is not usually the only way to root a device . the cwm install needs only the fastboot flash recovery recovery_name command , which does not affect user data .
i do not know the exact answer , but you can always manual link contacts , which is a workaround i use , in contacts , open one contact , then click the broken clip icon in the top-right corner ( i am using sensation xe ) . in the pop up screen , choose all contacts search for the one you want to link to and click it then the two contact items are linked if you click finish . you can click cancel if you do not want them to be linked .
try this widget for locking your screen with just one click . what exactly do you mean by your second question ?
the app is called advanced screen control , the feature is called proximity wakelock and its based on the proximity sensor . its my app . :- )
i am not aware of such an app/feature right now , but you could use the collective effect of a couple of apps to get almost the desired thing . lightning bug : this is a cool free app that has always-on display feature and shows the clock , ( and weather , etc . ) and more . screen filter : this app will allow you to reduce the brightness even lower than what the android system would allow you to . however , when you want to put your device into standby , you will need to open these apps to get the effect . also , running these apps does not mean it is in " lock " mode . i see a great potential for an app that does both of these together and also put the device into lock mode at the same time .
as far as i know , you can not transfer files over android beam , just urls/locations etc . this is because android beam does not use bluetooth or wifi direct in addition to the nfc transfer , which means that an average photo would take 30+ seconds to beam . in android 4.1+ ( jelly bean ) you can transfer files with nfc+bt , and s beam uses nfc+wifi direct .
you can install the official ' htc transfer tool ' from the google play store on your old s3 and new htc one . pure simplicity : )
windows its easier , what you can do is this , from the cmd window , adb logcat &gt; my_logcat.txt and just let it run , now , you can pause , resume the scrolling , in that cmd window , same keystrokes for linux terminal , iirc , now launch an editor and open the file ' my_logcat . txt ' and there the results will show , had there not being a pause/resume in the cmd window , the file will get updated , such as using ' notepad2 ' , ' notepad++ ' or similar , the in-built windows 's version of notepad would do very little justice . linux from a linux terminal under a gui such as kde/gnome , using the two utilities combined , found on most distributions , multitail , which is like a tail unix utility , only more powerful ! adb logcat # want to see the logcat on the screen  using ctrl+s to suspend , then ctrl+q to resume the display , and simply mouse scroll the terminal to back-track seeing the logcat output . the other way is this . . . adb logcat &gt; my_logcat.txt 2&gt;&amp;1 &amp; multitail my_logcat.txt  the first line above creates a background process by using the &amp; at the end of the command , redirecting any errors to /dev/null hence 2&gt;&amp;1 . as the process is forked into the background , using multitail can perform , scroll-back on the logcat .
i do not know what logcat does so i can only guess you should use it the same way you do with any other command that spews out text . redirect the output to a file you can read in an editor or view with less $&gt;logcat [&lt;option&gt;] [&lt;filter-spec&gt;] &gt; /path/to/a/file-to-open-in-an-editor 
if you are using logcat viewer in eclipse you can click the " scroll lock " button to prevent it from automatically scrolling down . it is the icon on the top right in the screenshot above .
i tried this from my samsung galaxy ace plus and it worked : from ur mobile , click menu > settings > applications > development untick usb debugging , stay awake , allow mock locations insert usb cable from mobile to pc/laptop > " enable usb debugging " > ok drag down the the usb icon from the upper left part of the screen tap on " connect usb " > " connect to usb storage " then , automatically , ur pc/laptop will now detect ung mobile/sd device from the laptop/pc , select " open folder to view files " there , u'll see memory card storage and mobile storage as " removable disk . . . " ( mine is g ) you should now be able to transfer files from pc> mobile and vice versa hope this helps .
try to key in this in dialer *#7284# it has 4 option there . . uart modem pda usb modem pda for usb . select the pda . if it already selected to pda . reselect it by select modem and then pda again . . only change the usb setting . . andthen press back . try reconnect to kies again . . hope it helps . .
hey you can try to solve this in two ways either you can download samsung kies and using that you can connect your phone , or if not by that way then u can check in your phone that is your usb debugging on its in settings option > application > development see that is it checked or not , if its checked then it means its on . . you can also download pda net and install in your pc thats also one of the way if you dont want to install samsung kies
when windows sees it as " the device has malfunctioned " it is a different issue than when it says " drivers were not installed , your device may not work properly . " if it says " malfunction " it is a problem with the usb hardware connections themselves , albeit the cable end or the device port . try using some electrical contact cleaner and a soft tooth brush and the clear the port with a compressed air duster can . just spray a little of the cleaner on the brush and gently clean your port and/or cable . then spray area just enough to dry with air duster . worked well for me . if you take it to a service shop they will do it for you for a minimal fee .
this problem might be because you dont have the neceasary drivers . make sure you have the USB debugging mode on for your device . then use Samsung Kies , a software like itunes , to detect your device .
i had the same prob as my s3 is not deteced on my mac , but it is very easy to solve : connect your s2 to your pc using a datacable now in your phone , go to settings&rarr ; more&rarr ; usb utilities turn on usb mass storage button . it works .
are you sure that usb debugging mode is on ? under Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Development you should see an option for USB Debugging -- if that is not checked you will not be able to mount your phone .
is not it so strange that on some computer config it is not a problem ? ? ? in many cases a third party software is the badass ( e.g. firewall , antivirus apps . ) always try on another machine before you go back to the shop:- )
in addition to what the others have already answered , if you just want to access the files on the phone 's storage and sd card , you can just mount the file system . unplug the usb cable , then settings > wireless and network > usb utilities > connect storage to pc
i have had the same problem . i was so annoyed that i did a factory reset . it clears all your data , but it also solved my issue .
please be aware that home screens do not rotate . as well as this , developers can request their apps are only to be used in portrait mode - they therefore will not rotate automatically . if you really want to rotate your screen , you can download the set orientation app , which will allow you to force your screen to rotate , based on a default orientation setting , or your sensor .
you can choose when , and how often , you want your application to check its license and you have full control over how it handles the response , verifies the signed response data , and enforces access controls . from http://developer.android.com/guide/market/licensing/overview.html so yes basically whenever the developer wants it to . i would imagine the most common time to check is when the application is first opened . your application does not query the licensing server directly , but instead calls the google play client over remote ipc to initiate a license request . in the license request : your application provides : its package name , a nonce that is later used to validate any response from the server , and a callback over which the response can be returned asynchronously . the google play client collects the necessary information about the user and the device , such as the device 's primary google account username , imsi , and other information . it then sends the license check request to the server on behalf of your application . the google play server evaluates the request using all available information , attempting to establish the user 's identity to a sufficient level of confidence . the server then checks the user identity against purchase records for your application and returns a license response , which the google play client returns to your application over the ipc callback . so : the information about the application , the device and the user goes off to google 's servers . google then checks your name against the list of people it knows have paid for the application on google play . ( it could also check the name of the application against a list of applications it knows that you have downloaded from google play ) if it can see that you have downloaded ( and paid for ) the application from google play it sends back that you have a license , if not then it tells the app you do not . obviously this is all done online so if you are offline then it will not work . if i was writing the application i would have a counter to let the person to use it offline 3 times or so before having to go online to get the license check in order to stop the kind of thing happening to you where you can not play offline . of course if someone digs into the file where the counter is stored they could change the value back to 3 tries every time they use it and never have to pay but that is probably beyond the technical competence of most users .
if you are on android , twonky beam may be what you are looking for . it is specifically intended for moving streaming video from online sources .
hmm . . i do not know if that suits you , but you can send youtube videos through web protocol . from your pc you can add an extension to chrome . and for android there is yatse you still have to install youtube plugin for xbmc .
i think google calendar sms reminders are supposed to come from only one number ( or only a few numbers ) , which might be different from user to user . for example , you would get reminders from numbers a , b , and c , while i would get reminders from numbers d , e , and f . so , if you add a , b , and c under one contact , that should solve your problem . however , there seems to be a recent issue causing reminders to be sent from many random numbers . the issue has been recognized by a google employee ( katherineg ) , so hopefully they are working on a fix . you might want to head over to that thread and add your country / carrier to the list affected by this problem .
in short , if you want to flash kitkat android 4.4 , you will have to upgrade to a version of cwm greater than v6.0.4.5 . or , use an alternate bootloader . for the galaxy tab 2 gt-p5113 or gt-p5110 you can find the instructions here .
you did not mention which country you are from . as much as possible , use the version that is intended for your country and your network . I9500XXUEMJ8 and I9500XXUEMJ5 will most likely have the same features , but different modems ( using a modem that is not intended for your country can give you a poor signal or cause other issues like heating ) . I9500XXUEMJ8 is obviously more recent , based on its naming convention . if you are trying to flash the rom from sammobile , you can still get the firmware that is not for your country . but you risk two things here ( and possibly others ) : it may not have the region / language you want it may not have the correct / suitable modem for your country . in the second case , you can always flash a modem for your country ( after you flash the rom ) . but if you do not want to deal with possible issues ( and headaches ) , better get the version that is intended for your country and your network .
for a start , you can not install " vanilla android " on a non-nexus device . see flash a smartphone with vanilla android rom for more . the closest you can get is a custom rom that was originally based on aosp and then ported to your device , such as cyanogenmod . the custom rom 's documentation should say whether it has the drivers for the stylus , and if so , it'll work just like a more precise touchscreen . you still will not get any special stylus features ( like extra buttons or pressure-sensitivity ) in this case , though . there is no standard android interface for such features , so they rely on the vendor 's proprietary library and interfaces for apps to support them . again , you should check the custom rom 's documentation to find out how much is supported .
you could try to " repair " the bad blocks and see if that works . below is the windows and linux methods for doing it . repairing will not fix damaged parts of the card but flag them to ignore . windows : plug your device into a windows pc . Start&gt;Programs&gt;Accessories-&gt;Command Prompt if on vista or newer , right-click and choose to runs as administrator . if on xp , just run it . find the drive letter for the device . let 's say it is " g:" drive . enter chkdsk G: /r linux open a terminal ( applications-accessories-terminal ) and give the command sudo fsck -a /dev/sdd1 ( replace /dev/sdd1 with the actual partition device for the micro sd card ) ( fsck = file systen checker . ) failing that you will probably need a new sd card . if it is the ' usual ' fat32 corrupting ( which it does a bit ) then you may be ok , but if any of it is damaged then it will need to be replaced .
i had a problem like this with my sprint evo shift , except toggling 3g would usually get things to work . while i was debugging i found a free app called reset connections that was at least faster than toggling data services off and on again . i do not know if that will solve your problem , but it is something to try .
have you tried force closing ? Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage Applications &gt; Browser &gt; Force Close ?
i had the same problem with my galaxy s and home wifi , but it got fixed by disabling and enabling wifi to register it again to my router . maybe you could try to go to flight mode and then back to normal mode to re-register with your network ?
it is generally below 5 minutes , anything over 10 minutes is probably considered a wrong flash . read the instructions given by the developer and than try again . if it still does not work as for help in the roms thread ask they will be better suited to help with specific questions about your rom than us .
hangout is the replacement to google talk . and on hangout you can see people online . go into hangout , click the + sign to have " new hangout " ( + sign is on top right , or simply swipe from right to left ) , and all people with a green hangout sign are online people . all people with grey hangout are offline , but you can send them ' offline ' messages so they can see it as soon as they are online . unfortunately this is only half the answer as i do not see a way to remove hangout back to google talk . if anyone can add to this answer , please do .
if you did not install hangouts via play store , it was supplied by the update . in that case , there is no way to get the old google talk back . an alternative would be installing a messenger app that supports gtalk and/or xmpp ( xmpp is the protocol gtalk uses ) . some messaging apps : xabber is an open-source , fully configurable xmpp client imo . im is closed-source and displays ads in the non-paid version im+ is closed-source
wifi direct can be used on all android devices . android 4.0 and higher comes with this feature pre-installed . if your device runs an older version of android , you can find many apps in the google playstore to enable direct file sharing service over wifi . go for superbeam , fast file transfer , wifi file transfer , etc .
create a new task list just for groceries in your google account at calendar . google . com . there are several apps that will sync the google tasks on android and iphone . one downside is that each device must be logged in to the same google account . they do not have a way ( yet ) to share task lists .
google drive ( née google docs ) . just create a simple document . there is a google drive app for android , of course , but even without the mobile web version works pretty well ( which i would expect you had use with the iphone ) . windows and mac can use the desktop browser version of the web app .
use astrid . its native app is available for both android and ios . you can access your to-do list on pc/mac using web . collaborative sharing is allowed with unlimited no . of users . users can also leave notes on tasks for other users .
there are about one bazillion apps like this . i have got a ( somewhat outdated ) list at google docs .
create a profile that is active when connected to the bluetooth device and set up an exit task to run whatever you want when the profile becomes inactive due to the device disconnects .
you could try to use default app manager to remove the association for flash video ( . flv ) files . this should tell the browser ( s ) to play the video without to open a new app .
well i kinda ' fixed it . i changed the user agent setting in my opera browser from mobile to desktop and every flv file now works . as you might expect there are side effects ( i am getting dektop sites instead of mobile sites - they are bigger , harder to use and they take up more space so they load slower ) . this will be a good work around at leas .
this is because you have installed some other apps that are capable of opening the same media . previously , only your stock video player was associated . now i guess soapcast can open it . this is how android works normally , but if you want the old behavior at all times , select the checkbox that says " use by default for this action " and then click on the stock video player or " movies " .
this appears to be something of a bug , either in ics or the galaxy nexus ( though i am unsure which ) . unbeknownst to me , there is a " system volume " level that controls , among other things , the output of ui sound effects . this volume level does not appear to be modifiable within the normal system settings , but you can modify it with third party apps . based on this information ( which i obtained from an xda thread ) , i downloaded volume control + from the play store and launched it . the very last slider on the interface was for " system volume " , and it was set to a value of 0 . once i cranked it back up to the maximum , my ui sounds began playing normally again . i do not know what causes this to become muted inadvertently .
while websites can not directly access the gps , then can get the current location from the device ( but of course only if the user has granted the permission ) . i think that this is done via html5 's gelocation api , but i am not sure .
try any audio manager app from play store . audiomanager audio manager
from settings , go to general:accounts:google : and then disable everything from being synced . as soon as this is done , the password prompt will stop popping up . after password is changed , sync can be enabled again .
if you are using Xamarin.Android in Visual Studio 2010 , you can enable Keyboard Support as follows : close your avd in vs2010 , go to Tools &gt; Start Android Emulator Manager select the AVD Name that you want to add Keyboard Support for , then click the Edit button in the Hardware area , click the New button in the Property dropdown , select Keyboard support , then click the OK button the Keyboard support Property is added to the Hardware list . change the Value from No to Yes click the Edit AVD button
i had the same issue after upgrading the developer tools ( v20.0.0v2012 . . . ) . all of a sudden none of my android virtual devices would accept any input from my physical pc/mac keyboard . this is how i fixed it : eclipse > Window menu > AVD Manager select your virtual device and click Edit under Hardware , click New select Keyboard Support then click OK edit its value to yes now you have to click off onto another item in the list , like " abtract lcd density " or something . this seems to make the ui keep the " yes " change . my other avds that do not have this " keyboard support " hardware property added do not accept my physical keyboard input .
please try the following settings . my environment ( target : android 4.0.3 - api level 15 ) successful . avd - edit - hardware : - new . . . - keyboard support - yes avd - edit - hardware : - new . . . - keyboard lid support - no
you need to change the config . ini file in your . android directory . this file is found under the main hard drive directory . from there , open the avd file and you will see a list of virtual devices . open the desired device and then open the config . ini in notepad . then copy this text : " hw . keyboard = yes " ( minus the quotes ) and then save and close . the next time you open your emulator , you should be able to use the keyboard . you can also open up the hardware-qemu . ini file in the same directory as the config . ini and then you can see a list of all the hardware options . change the hw . keyboard from " no " to " yes " . hope this helps !
as a few have indicated here , the pc keyboard should be enabled for the avd emulator instances . judging by what the emulator page on android developer says about key commands and such , it does not appear there is a way to enable/disable pc keyboard usage within the sdk . your best bet is re-installing the sdk then , and try again .
this answer is for those who built the emulator from source ( i.e. . following instructions from source.android.com ) . you need to modify a property in the following file : external/qemu/android/avd/hardware-properties.ini  in the following section of that file change the default value from no to yes : then rebuild ( using make ) . at least this worked for me .
try ctrl + f11 or numpad 7 . that should enable your keyboard , unless is disabled from somewhere else .
are you sure that you are not seeing locally cached data ? i just tried it my self and changed my google password . directly afterwards the gmail app was not able to send or receive any mails on my desire with 2.3 custom rom . warning to everybody who want to verify this on his own : if you try this on your own remember that you can not change your password back to the original one . google saves it and you can never use it again !
your phone does not store the password , it has some kind of session key . i would have expected it to be invalidated when you changed the password , but apparently google does not do that . you had have to ask them why .
probably you werent running the specific firmware on which the cm port for your phone was designed to be installed on . check if you had missed any steps in the tutorial . if your phone gets stuck at the bootlogo or bootanimation , you can try to do a factory reset from the recovery mode . if the problem still persists , try flashing the stock firmware and then installing cm . if your phone does not respond at all while attempting to switch it on , its hard-bricked . the only way to recover it is by using jtag . you need to disassemble the phone for this method , so it is better to take it to a service centre . here the bootloader is rewritten to the device using a riff box . watch this video to see how it is done : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_zaehafjme
select the settings button ( ) on the top-right corner . in the settings screen , scroll down to the " relays " section and tick the box next to " relaying - enable your device to be a non-exit relay " . the relay will listen to port 9001 by default , but you can adjust that by changing the relay port .
navigate to Settings &gt; Application Manager &gt; All then select Reset App Preferences from the menu . try if this works , it worked for me for some other apps .
lets say if your play store is also showing the same disabled beside the app ( for the default app of yours ) then you have to reset the application preferences of the other messaging app . in order you understand this first let us understand the concept of android preferences android preferences come into picture as your device is having more then one application that does the same task and the operating system has to decide which application must be used as a default ex :-let 's say you have the default music player and for some issues you have downloaded another music player application from the play store . due to this there is a conflict arising for what should be the default task to be done . this is shown by the os when you click on an . mp3 file . if you choose to open the downloaded mp3 player as default . it will show how to reset your preferences in the future . ( application> preferences> de-select the default app for the task ) i suggest you can simply reset your other messaging app preferences for you to enable the default app . as doing the complete reset is troublesome for you to set your preferences again else if your default app is not showing disabled for both the messaging apps then there is a problem with your android operating system for which you need to do a simple factory reset .
see here for a list of sites which may contain custom roms and recoveries for your device .
imho there are these ways to decrease the latency : use cyanogenmod ( it is much faster than stock android ) get a faster phone ( i . g . nexus one ) remove appkillers else you might just have to wait for an update of the gallery app .
heres an alternative to the 3d gallery its a 2dgallery they updates very fast ! http://forum.xda-developers.com/attachment.php?attachmentid=377221d=1281435373 enjoy ! p . s - if t does not work you might need to login / register on xda and then download it but its worth it ! i download this and then just remove the other gallery since its laggy .
there are certain actions that always set the media scanner running when you carry them out . if you attach your phone to a pc and mount it as a usb drive , the media scanner will run after you unplug . most file managers will notify the media scanner if you use them to move files around . a couple of the other apps i use , like image transfer set the media scanner runnning ( presumably to check that they have got up to date info on what media has changed recently ) .
the delay is because the android media scanner process does not run constantly . there is an app in the market to force it to run -- http://www.appbrain.com/app/com.addz.mediascanner i have not used this app personally , but it is highly rated .
an alternative until google gets their act together is to use an cache clearing app like clean master ( i have no affiliation with it ) . you can set up an app like this so that it will automatically remind you to clear your cache , whether it be by date frequency or by size .
unfortunately , there is currently no way to limit the size of the cache for the google music app . people have been asking for it since it came out though , so hopefully it appears in a future update .
" just make sure you use a usb port on the back of your computer . front ones can be less than perfect as there is cables , noise etc . " this fixed my usb connectivity and transfer problems .
do a factory reset through privacy menu of settings . it will solve your problems
on your phone got one software call " kies " try to using wifi to connect to the computer and the phone where in the computer you key in the ip address shown on your s2 and after that the driver will automatic installed its work fine for me after i use kies to connect to the computer and again the computer usb can recognized my phone = )
worked for me : unplug the usb cable on the cell phone , dial the following number : *#7284# once the last # is hit , the phoneutil application is launched . choose usb -> modem and then usb -> pda mode . the good mode should be pda . even if the mode is pda , switch to modem and then back to pda . plug the usb cable . note : repair usb connection for any samsung android phone reference : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kv2h5o_qdpe
try installing kies ( check the " software " subtab under " downloads" ) . it should install the drivers automatically but if not it has a menu option to install them .
this is normally face detection that turns the screen off so that you cannot press buttons with your cheek . if moving the phone away from your face does not turn it on , then you should be able to turn it on with the power button .
did not dropbox native client worked for you ?
you can use dropsync . it can sync any specified folder and you can setup a schedule . recent update of free version of the app removed limitation for the schedule .
if you have google account , you do not even need a . csv file . you may sync your wm phone with google then when your android mobile syncs , it will get the calendar entries . this way you will have the two mobiles in sync and not just for calendar .
easy if you have a google account . open google calendar on your pc and import the csv file . calendar import functionality is in settings > calendar settings page . depending on your sync settings your android device will autosync entries .
you can use nandroid to do this . if you update your recovery image to cyanogen 's 1.4 recovery then it has nandroid built in . these are tools from the community and are not officially tested or supported so make sure you fully understand what you are doing before using them .
there is a pretty thorough response on what is the right way to backup my whole phone ? with more indispensable information at why can&#39 ; t i boot into recovery mode ?
yesterday i had the same problem , and finally i found the solution . flash twrp recovery on your one x , and power off . then connect your phone to your pc by using usb cable boot into twrp recovery select mount and storage on twrp menu and the select mount usb storage , after doing this your pc should see your phone as usb storage . copy your rom file into sdcard on your pc . disconnect the phone from pc , reboot your phone into bootloader and then run twrp recovery . before flashing rom full wipe is recommended to avoid problems , so full wipe by twrp recovery or by fastboot commands ( fastboot erase cache ) flash compatible boot . img by using fastboot commands ( fastboot flash boot bootfile . img ) full wipe your device then flash the rom . zip by using twrp , that is all .
that is a soft brick , for the reasons below : handset is still powering on adb is responding handset recognizes usb cable plugged in ( how else were you able to adb ? ) handset recognizes the sdcard look at this question to see izzy 's answer on what is classified as a " brick " . something went awry there and it clobbered the recovery environment . . . mind giving a bit more details . . . ? edit from the comments below , it transpires that the op pushed over the shell binary file sh from the root of the phone , ( either overwriting it and or/had incorrect permissions ) and ended up with a " locked-out " of executing shell commands and fail . by the way , there is no way to set the permission as the sh interpreter does not have the appropriate permission for executable bit ! so executing any commands on that will fail . the only remedy is to re-flash the recovery image directly onto the recovery partition , by going into fastboot mode on the handset , usually power + volume up , armed with a fastboot binary that must be entered on either the linux 's terminal or windows 's cmd , i.e. two operating system environments , choose one of your own preference : linux sudo fastboot flash recovery recovery.img  windows fastboot-win flash recovery recovery.img  that will restore the recovery environment and then the shell interpreter should work from within adb shell session next time recovery gets booted into .
as long as your wifi has internet connectivity , android will be able to communicate with google 's servers . there is one thing that people get wrong when it comes down to contact suggestions , be it facebook or google : they imply that they are the only ones that have saved the contact somewhere . but it is also the other way round . which means that , the contact that was suggested to you has most likely your gmail e-mail address saved in his address book .
try flext9 . it is a bit pricey , but has the same functionality as swype , with some great added features ( dragon speech support and trace input ) and a better layout ( in my opinion , let me know what you think of it ; ) ) . here 's a screenshot from the app page :
per this link you can create a profile that defaults to phone silence and changes the ringer to not silent when someone you want to take a call from or is not a person you blocked and then when someone you have blocked calls it will answer the call and hangup . here is a summary create new profile allow calls add context --> state --> incoming call specify who to allow calls from ( ex . c:fav ( for favorites ) or ! ) " ! " reverses logic ( such as is not contact ) and 0 can be used for anyone calling from a restricted or unknown number add task --> audio --> ringer volume select ringer level ( 7 is highest ) add exit task --> audio --> ringer volume select ringer level 0 ( to silence the ringer once the phone call is done ) create new profile blocked calls add context --> state --> incoming call specify who to block ( ex . ! c:fav ( is not on favorites ) "0" ) add task --> phone --> take call add task --> phone --> end call this should allow your phone to ring when a favorite is calling and pickup and hang up on someone you wish not to talk to without you even knowing .
this booster probably deleted all the cache files from your phone and as a result you do not see the thumbnails of your previous photos . go to sdcard/DCIM/  and delete the . thumbnails folder and restart your phone . that should bring back your thumbnails .
no . installing packages is still a privilege reserved to the package manager , which is a system app ( i.e. . it is inside the rom ) , and the package manager does not offer an interface to avoid the confirmation dialog . this is by design . that said , if usb debugging is enabled ( in the developer options ) , you can use adb to install an apk file from a pc , with no user interaction . this possibility exists regardless of whether installing apps from " unknown sources " is enabled . usb debugging is a so-called secure option : only system apps can change it .
the vendor id that @matthewread mention is used for the pc drivers . what you are talking about is a dhcp vendor class identifier . from microsoft technet ( not android specific , but has the same meaning ) can be used by dhcp clients to identify their vendor type and configuration . when using this option , vendors can define their own specific identifier values , such as to convey a particular hardware or operating system configuration or other identifying information . to answer the question if you can change this , i do not know of any configuration settings anywhere within android that let you change this . based on the one you put in your question , it looks like android creates the vci from the following : <code> &lt ; dhcpcd and version&gt ; :&lt ; kernel and version&gt ; :&lt ; processor type&gt ; :&lt ; device board type&gt ; </code> for the board type , you have herring , so if you opened up a shell and typed getprop ro.product.board i am willing to bet that the value that is output is " herring " . can i guess that you also have a nexus s . i believe the galaxy nexus has a board named " tuna " .
(Menu button) More -&gt; Find on page .
if you do not mind rooting your phone , perhaps the easiest thing to do is to flash cyanogenmod on it . the htc magic is supported up to cm6 ( android 2.2 , froyo ) . you can find more details here , be sure to read up on the wiki . it is not supported on cm7 or later ( android 2.3 , gingerbread ) .
if your phone is actually a developer phone supplied through google ( and not a consumer phone bought through a phone company ) then you have actually got an adp2 , not a magic , beware of that when looking for roms as they are some subtle differences in the hardware . official adp2 images are hosted by htc at http://developer.htc.com/ but only up to android 1.6 for adp1 and adp2 . if you do actually have an htc magic ( aka mytouch 3g ) then depending on your phone company there are official froyo releases for the magic which have been pushed out ota by some phone companies , see this previous question for more info when will my phone get the android 2.2 update ( froyo ) ? . if going for unofficial roms then be careful again as there are ( at least ) two hardware variants of this with incompatible roms , the magic a , and magic b .
i suppose you prob got a new phone by now or fixed it . but if you say the "The new battery charged once successfully" you mean you were able to charge it only with the phone off ? if so , sounds like you might have had a short circuit somewhere near the battery 's usb port connection , and only occurs when a certain circuit is on due to the phone being on . or it could be just something is loose . . . hard to tell from the details given . what i would do is try and take it apart again and see if anything got damaged or loose around that area . gotta keep in mind these devices are very delicate and use low voltages . you gotta do fixes like this as if they were " surgery " and take all precautions , proper tools , etc . a bit of static electricity discharging from your hand or even damaging the track in the board somehow can cause big time damage . tiny transistors are easily damaged by static electricity so always wear a anti-static wriststrap when doing these repairs . let us know what happened ! ?
from wikipedia : battery life ( talk time and standby time ) of active dual-sim mobile phones is reduced , typically by about a third . for instance , device manufacturer samsung declares a standby time for its champ duos e2652 dual sim phone of 476 hours when used with one sim card and of 322 hours when used with two sim cards . to compensate the shorter battery life , some dual sim phones ship with better capacity batteries , for example newer lenovo p780 have a 4000mah capacity . wikipedia also describes different types of dual-sims , such as : pseudo-dual dual sim shift : accepts 2 sims ; only 1 active at a time ; 1 signal bar dual sim dual stand-by ( dsds ) : both active ; 2 signals , but only 1 call at a time dual sim full active ( dsfa ) dual sim dual call/dual talk : both active ; 2 signals , and can process both calls at the same time . i think this one would consume the most battery . update 2013-09-23: the answer to your 1st question is no , as described in the quoted wikipedia text above . for your 2nd question , i do not know , but i assume it would not run since there is no sim . probably also the reason why it consumes lesser battery .
this depends upon the rom that you are using . if its stock , you are stuck , for most oems do not allow sending big reports as such . if its a google device , or any other device running aosp , then , the link you have posted is appropriate . be sure to provide as much related and useful info as possible . if you are running custom roms , they had often provide you with links , so as to where to post bug reports , ( most often being the thread itself ( assuming that you are using a custom rom taken from a forum ) ) , which is where you ought to be posting bug reports .
the dropbox app for android does not save files to a " folder " like the pc version does . android has stronger security and does not let apps access other apps ' files , so even if it did do that , the browser would not be able to read the image . when you choose to open a file that is listed in dropbox , the dropbox app creates a special uri that points to that one file . it uses an intent to start an activity to view that uri , and sets a special flag to say that the new activity ( in this case , the web browser ) has permission to access only that uri . that means that there is no path you can put in the html file that lets the browser read the image : it has dropbox 's permission to read only the file you clicked on . if you want to have a directory of html files and images that all load in the browser , you need to store it on the sd card ( rather than in one app 's data ) where any app can read and write any file . i do not believe the dropbox app has the feature of being able to sync directories on the sd card , but you could use another app to achieve that . for example , you could use an ftp client to sync the directory with one on an ftp server . the answers to this question have lots of suggestions for how to keep directories in sync with dropbox or another server .
i have dropbox installed on my moto droid v1 ( android os 2.2.2 ) . i placed an html file that referenced an image in a dropbox folder . the image was in a sub-folder . dropbox\folder\index . html dropbox\folder\img\image.jpg i first downloaded just the index . html and opened it in the htmlviewer . the image link is broken . i then downloaded the image.jpg file , then returned to index . html and viewed in htmlviewer . the image now appears properly . i am not sure if it has anything to do with it , but you may want to try switching your file extension to . html , and verify that the doctype of your file is set properly : &lt;!DOCTYPE html&gt; 
the numbers in " app_xyz " name will be different on every device , since they depend on the order of installed apps . in adb shell or terminal emulator perform the following command : ls -l /data/data/  this should return a listing of installed apps ' directories that contain their data and settings , like so : the 2nd and 3rd columns list the app 's owner , while the 5th column contains the app 's package name . find the line corresponding to the " app_132" from your logcat entry , and the package name will help you figure out the responsible app . once you have the package name , try searching for it in the google play store . just use the link https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=xxxxxxx , where " xxxxxxx " is the package name you found . for example , on my phone " app_70" corresponds to " com . android . chrome " , which corresponds to google chrome browser in the play store : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.android.chrome
wifi analyzer is a great app for viewing wifi information
i did faced the same problem , but resolved successfully in second attempt . see if you have any usb autorun restrictions for usb devices , i do have usb security software installed , which disables autorun feature for all external devices connects to pc either usb or any optical drive . try lengthened the display timeout for your mobile device ( i set it to 30 minutes ) to ensure your device do not got disconnected and system re-connects it during upgrade process . there was a failure for my first upgrade attempt , i waited for around 40 minutes ( after firmware download completed from samsung server ) , then i removed the usb cable and kies asked whether i want to stop upgrade process or not ? i chose yes and closed the program . after that i restarted my device and i saw an empty battery and the device went off , i restarted the device after connecting the usb cable and now i saw a green battery with small dots below showing progress , simultaneously i saw a window showing me to enable emergency repair for firmware , i followed steps and that was not successful , but my device was working perfect after that process . i followed the first 2 steps mentioned above and then ran the upgrade process again and it was a smooth process upgrading the firmware successfully . thanks .
i disconnected the cable kies popped up an error message which said , the upgrade failed and offered to try to recover for me . by following the instructions on screen i was able to recover my device .
galaxy s 's are nearly unbrickable , i have never heard of one being bricked apart from the ( very few ) hardware locked ones . firmware updates have quite often failed for me and worked the next time i tried . so i would go ahead and unplug it and retry . the likely worst case is that you will need to use odin .
i had faced same problem on windows 7 . then i tried updating firmware from windows xp and it worked without any problem .
if you are encountering issues or lack of update make sure that your kies window is maximized before proceeding with the update . the hidden popups do happen and you will otherwise not be able to find them . once the window is maximized the popups get focus and you should be able to proceed with the update .
i had the exact experience tramster had . i did not wait nearly as long however . in all i tried about 5 times . my best theory is a loss of connection through a flaky usb connection . i switched from the front usb port on my computer to the back one . eventually it crashed during an emergency reset . i thought i was in trouble . i the emergency reset again , which completed . i was shocked to see that it did not revert to the previous version , but installed the update instead ! bonus . another kies problem ; long file extensions . remove or rename all files with a period ( . ) followed by more than 16 characters . this is particularly common with imported music files . " dance by dr . know featuring rx-man " for example has what the device sees as a very long extension . remove the dr . and you are good to go . connect in usb mode on the computer and do a search for * . ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? * to find all the offending files . i found . one . file . that . had lots of periods . that will not be a problem though because none of them are longer than 16 characters .
i just did a test and got it to work . thanks to trebor rude for the clue . you need to save your camera zoom fx photos to the same place as the default camera . you will end up with the untouched photo as well as the photo with the applied effects in your instant upload on google+ . to change where camera zoom fx saves its photos . . . choose Settings | All Settings choose Save change the " camera folder:" to Default . ( it is probably on CameraZoom . ) it will now show a save location like " folder = /storage/emulated/0/dcim/camera "
there are two ways i think you can do this , in the android app , click on the layer selection and go to the my maps layer , where you should see your private maps . if you want to access your bookmarked address , from the main maps screen , click the menu button and choose the bookmarks option . ( not sure about bookmarks , i have a french ui , so it shows as ' favoris' )
you might try the ultimate rotation control app -- when i tested , i found that it could force any of the apps i tested to rotate . it is a seven day free trial , then requires a license purchase ( us$2.99 ) . it turned out that i did not really consider the app that inspired me to download this any better when force rotated , so i did not purchase , but your mileage may vary .
i have not tried this myself , but it seems to be possible using the xposed framework and its appsettings module – provided your device is rooted . from its announced features : force orientation ( portrait/landscape/auto )
many ways lead to rome : try a rom that specifically fixes your problems : i use an ics build , sandvold 's ics for desire which comes with 4 different app2sd methods included ( xda thread ) which i find rather stable . you can have a look over to xda 's desire forum , to search for more roms . use link2sd , create a 2nd ext2/ext3/ext4 partition that a choice of your apps get moved to ( manually ) and symlinked from /data/ to . see app on google play , official faq . cm7 also supports the standard move to sdcard method that you can also use ( and might already be aware of . downside : /data get 's full anyway really soon ) you could try to flash a different bootloader ( called hboot on desire , that has another partition layout . see alpharev for instructions and downloads , there is data++ with 180mb and cm7r2 with close to 300mb free for apps at the expense of shrinking other partitions ( /system , /cache/ , . . . ) . not every rom fits all of these though . warning : not for the faint hearted ! read about the risks !
there is a post on the cyanogenmod forum that explains how to solve the problem . i followed it and have had no more problems ! it boils down to this : use the rom manager to partition the sd card install s2e and use it to move the caches to the sd card
i was exactly like you but with cm7.2 i partitioned my sd and mounted it easily using terminal emulator writing only one line of on each boot and then quick reboot from link2sd then everything is completely fine that line is : mount -t ext2 /dev/block/mmcblk0p2 /data/sdext2 but before all that you should open link2sd and select the ext2 then reboot
your computer’s usb port have lower energy output than your wall charger . there is nothing you can do about this other than getting a new computer with higher power usb power output . do note that your phone is actually charging even when it says it is not . it is just slower . if you keep the screen off and the device idle , it should be fully charged after some hours . this will be much slower than using a higher power output source .
open viber . tap the group that you have made . tap the gear icon on the top right on the app window . select leave/delete group .
sadly that is a limit of android kit-kat the " options " i see are : not to use mysms for sending via web , and have gosms as default sms app set mysms as default sms app , in order to send via web wait until and if in the future mysms support that feature ie . sending via sim without having the default privileges find an other app that may fit both of your needs . eg . a quite similar app is hola sms but it also needs to be default in order to work properly : ( on the other hand if you buy credits for it you can send web to sms with sender your phone number so nobody can understand that it is not a sim message . then setting it as default once in a while the messages will be synced and added to your phone .
the app is not being removed from your device , but it does get removed from the launcher . this means that the icon to start the app has been removed . you can add the icon back again by going into " all apps " and find its icon , then long-press it to drag it onto a home screen or folder .
i had this same problem today on my s3 , although it was not just deleting that did not work . nothing i did within my phone 's gmail app would sync properly--archiving , marking as read , etc . i was able to fix it by clearing cache , and clearing data ( both found on the app info page--settings-> manage apps ) . once i did this , i had to reboot , as gmail kept crashing . after a reboot , everything was back to normal .
are you using the gmail app or the htc mail app ? the first one , gmail app , will have everything synced right away . the other option , using htc mail will be using a pop/imap account for accessing your gmail . in that case you can update the pop/imap settings in your gmail account logging in with a browser and going to your settings . there you can choose if you want messages to be deleted or not .
try this : on the messaging app , ( without opening any thread ) , tap on the menu key and go to settings . scroll down to multimedia message ( mms ) settings section and turn off " auto-retrieve " next time you view the message , the message will display a download button . make sure your mobile data is on , and tap on the button . the image will be retrieved and displayed inline on galaxy s .
try to use the original earphone . the original earphone has volume control on it , if you use different earphone you can get this problem .
samsung devices have download and recovery modes with buttons combo to enter them . i do not know what it is for your tab , but usually for samsung devices it is vol up + home button + power button . make sure the device is off before doing so . once you enter recovery , just factory reset the device . as long as it is bootable , this could make it work .
if it has a removable battery , remove the battery , put it back and run it . else wait for it to discharge then charge and turn it back on . if none of these solve your problem , boot to the recovery menu and factory reset your device .
try checking the limit box and then setting limit and warning bars higher some other forums have said it should work
use the android kitchen . there is an option to unpack/repack boot . img there , under Advanced options .
from google : to see some sample cards from the main google now screen , touch Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Sample cards . when you’re finished and want to get back to the main google now screen , touch Hide sample cards .
you need to flash this google apps ( gapps ) from this site here . installing just one apk for play store will not suffice and will fail as it has dependencies on other components that makes up gapps .
htc provide ota-update to 2.2 for htc desire . you do not need any special ( root or goldcard ) to update your phone . just connect your phone to wi-fi or 3g
you should try tasker for simple interface and quick setup . if you are willing to do something by code and very specific , a good alternative is onx by microsoft , you can write your code to do exactly the things you wanna do . also there are some ready recipes that you can quickly setup .
for newer phones , you can use automagic , which has almost all of the functionality of tasker ( at the time of this writing , and expanding ) and has a much better interface for editing your sequences . it also makes use of the newer holo themes on android 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) and later .
very possibly my solution has nothing to do with the real problem of this person , but the topic is the same , so i consider this answer may help someone : it is very common nowadays for ap 's ( access points ) to have dual-band frequency 2,4ghz and 5ghz and to assign same ssid for both bands . not all devices have 5ghz support and , even having it , they may choose the 2,4ghz band , since they may have bad signal at their current spot for the 5ghz . the point is that if you are accessing your lan from a different ap , or using different bands in the same ap with each device , your devices will not be able to use wifi-direct without engaging an adhoc connection between them , thus they will disable the wifi connection to your ap . the simple solution is to use different ssids for each band , and connect with both devices to the same ssid ( if both can connect to 5ghz , go for it ) . different combinations : a ) different ap 's same local network - wifi turned off to adhoc between devices b ) same ap different band - wifi turned off to adhoc between devices c ) same ap same band - bingo ! wifi stays on in infraestructure with my ap
compass calibration works by detecting the magnetic field intensity of earth . but sometimes due to strong interference from other electronic devices like transformers compass sensor may get wrong idea about the magnetic poles of earth and can point in wrong direction . so to ensure that it asks users to recalibrate compass by rotating in figure 8 direction so that it can judge the magnetic intensity in all directions and then from that data it deduces the actual poles of earth .
at any point in space , the magnetic field strength and direction is the net effect of all the magnetic field sources affecting that point . the earth 's magnetic field is one of them . magnetized screwdrivers , cars , refrigerator magnets , etc . all produce fields . fields are also produced by current flowing through wires . it is like pouring water into a glass from multiple sources . once it is in the glass , you can not tell where it came from . there is no instrument that can determine the " actual poles " of the earth by measuring the magnetic field at a point . what the phone can do , however , is sense the point where the phone axis is parallel to the n/s magnetic force line and determine which end of the phone is north-pointing . if you do your dance far away from objects that might be magnetized , like cars and steel fences , the field the phone is measuring may be primarily the earth 's field and hence the phone compass will be properly calibrated . if you then put the phone into a magnetized car , however , it will point the wrong direction for north . the steel in every car is magnetized to one degree or another . high-precision compasses such are used on aircraft and serious maritime vessels actually have tiny correction magnets that are adjustable with screws for n/s and e/w errors . they are calibrated after installation by turning the vehicle onto known headings ( a compass rose painted by a surveyor on a taxiway far from metal buildings , for example ) and fussing with the magnets until the compass error is minimized . then the residual errors are recorded on a " compass correction card " for use in correcting the indicated readings . google for " compass correction card " to see images . in theory , the gps could be used to calibrate the compass when walking or driving since the instantaneous gps track is accurate . i have not heard of this being done , though it possibly is common . it would work even in a magnetized car . in an airplane or a ship this would not work , however , because the vehicle 's heading is to one degree or another usually crabbed slightly into the wind and the gps has no knowledge of this .
there are some apps for pgp on android : openkeychain agp
you do not need to do anything . every device using google backup with the same google account keeps its own separate set of data . when you sign into your google account for the first time after a factory-reset , the device will look through all the backup sets and try to pick the most recent one from the same device . it'll restore from that set of data , and use that to create a new backup set . only if you sign in on a completely new device that you have not used before ( not even before a factory-reset ) will it choose a set from a different device : in that case , the most recently backed-up set . so , you can leave your galaxy nexus backing up to its own set , and your galaxy s5 backing up to its own set . if you factory-reset one of them , it'll restore the apps and data from the same device . for a much more complete explanation of how google backup keeps track of different sets of backed-up data , see my answer to google backup : multiple devices using the same account - what happens on restore ?
you should " root " your nexus to gain superuser privileges , that way you can delete all unnecessary apps and data that does not correspond with its new uses as a mobile streaming media device . http://lifehacker.com/5886876/how-to-root-the-samsung-galaxy-nexus if you are unsure what an app does , before you delete it you can google the app name and find out its function . it would be better to save the app or file to your computer instead of deletion in case you need it its easily retrievable .
the minimal requirements for building an android app are usually the android sdk and ant . then , you are able to build the majority 1 of projects with the following steps . if there is no build.xml generate it android update project -p . -n $project_name -s then build the project with ant debug which will create an .apk signed with your debug key . all other dependencies range from the used vcs ( e . g . git ) , over the required 3rd party libraries , up to other required build tools ( e . g . android ndk ) . 1 why did i write majority ? because there is no definitive answer for such a question , as it simply depends on the used build system and the overall build setup of the project . let 's have a look at f-droid 's metadata , which is a big database of build recipes for foss android apps . you will find that there are many ways how an android app can be build . for example goo.TeaTimer has a very clean and short build recipe , namely none , which defaults basically to f-droid using ant debug to create the .apk . on the other hand , org.transdroid.full requires a few more steps to create the .apk: first the transdroid core library needs to be created , that is the ant -f ../lib/build.xml line in prebuild , then options are disabled with the sed command . now the final .apk can be built .
there is not a system setting , so the app smart rotator is probably the closest thing you can get , but yes , in the beginning , you have to set everything up yourself .
alternatively , my default recommendation for cases like this : tasker . use a profile like this ( abstract ) : condition : app ( select " youtube " , and optionally other apps you would like to have autorotate turned on ) task : display-> display rotation : set on this way , whenever one of the selected apps runs in foreground , autorotate is turned on -- and as soon as that condition is no longer met , autorotate is turned to whatever it was set to before . to make sure to have it turned off afterwards , you can add a so called " exit task": exit : display-> display rotation : set off hm , looks like currently i answer every 2nd question with " tasker " . . .
they are included in android . the correct settings are determined by your sim mcc and mnc ( mobile country code and mobile network code ) . if you want , you can view the list of preset apns by looking at the source code , for example at android-source-browsing . the file name in this case is /etc/apns-full-conf . xml , but apparently it varies .
next to the pre-configured settings from /etc/apns-full-conf.xml as described in onik 's answer , some providers offer to send you so-called " service sms " for an automated configuration . opinions on those are quite confusing : some say those do not work on android or ios devices , and you had have to enter apn data manually ( e . g . simyo in germany ) , while others even let you select your device in advance to send you a tailored service sms ( e . g . t-mobile gernamy , where i selected an sgs3 and then was asked to enter my phone number to receive the sms ; or base germany , which is the same provider/network as simyo ; one might say that is due to the fact that simyo is a discounter brand ) . i am with mentioned provider named base ( belonging to the e-plus group ) . when i got my new optimus 4x , inserted the sim , and started it , i immediately got 3 service-sms , which were " executed " on my device . i unfortunately did not check the configuration before , so i cannot say what effect they had ( if any ) -- but at least i have got no error messages , and everything was working fine . edit : comments from onik ( on his answer ) and compro01 ( here , see below ) indicate : whether those " service sms " do work or not , might well depend on the ( device and ) rom used .
yes , and no . if an app had root access , then it could cause untold damage - but you have to specifically give it that access . the supersu or superuser apps allow you to specify which apps have root access , and what commands they run . you can use this to stop malicious apps , and to also determine malicious apps . so , to conclude : root access can be dangerous apps can only get root access if you allow them to you can see the commands the app runs as root
with root privilege , a malware app can certainly do heavy damage , but it does not work like that . just because an app is on a rooted device , it does not mean it gets root privilege automatically . with modern rooting standards , you will have to permit it . when an app requests root access , a pop-up from superuser or supersu app appears asking to allow it or not . if you do not know much about the app , simply block access . if you do not pay attention to this , you deserve to experience bad things . update : as a last line of defense , i would like to add that nobody knows from where nasty malware apps can exploit a loophole . you find un-rooted devices secure , but there're apps which are able to even root a device from inside ( there was a positive-purpose app named Root Exploit in google market which was later kicked out by google ) . so , if you want to be secure , do not install unknown apps . and , if possible , use play store only . these suggestions are irrespective of your device is rooted or not .
terminal-ide does not appear to have that feature yet , but it does have an issue tracker where you could request it . as it is an open-source program , you might even be able to add the feature yourself if you know ( or are willing to teach yourself ) a little about how android apps are written .
deriving from the link given in comments : answer by richard you are not able to play the high resolution videos in your mobile . your device should be able to handle videos up to 640*360 , this is the resolution of hq youtube . note that there is absolutely no point in watching hd videos on your phone . it has a screen resolution of 240 x 320 . anything above this will be scaled down to fit the screen . comment by ce4 in general , hd videos need to be decoded by a specialized companion chip ( h264 decoder ) because the cpu is not powerful enough . for price reasons , only a subset of h264 's features may be supported leaving you without hd support
just install mx player on your android phone . then , you can play any video format on your samsung galaxy y duos .
try mx player from google play . it can play almost all the video formats in my samsung galaxy y duos . review
it seems that , as noted in the comments , changing my keyboard app has solved this . i was having trouble with my default kb app going to 100% cpu when entering text lately , so that prompted me to try a new one , finally . i have tried multiple times while typing this answer to get the behavior to occur again , and it will not . yippee !
settings -> wireless and network -> wi-fi settings -> ( menu ) advanced -> wi-fi sleep policy -> never .
you should try another aux cable , it is possible that the trrs layout does not match the phone 's jack layout .
looks like this is a pretty common problem . one of the comments in the second link says that you need to change /sdcard to /mnt/sdcard . apparently android 2.2 changed the way the sdcard is mounted and the error you are receiving comes from /sdcard being a symbolic link in 2.2 rather than an absolute path . http://code.google.com/p/swiftp/issues/detail?id=86 http://code.google.com/p/swiftp/updates/list
i think you should try mail alert in the market ! it s a pager , where you can choose the ringtone / vibration / visual notification according to various filters such as from / subject / cc fields etc . for imap account , you can choose the folder to be checked , which seems to be your need if you created a folder by account .
by consolidating , i am going to assume that you are having gmail do a pop download of those other email accounts and bring them into your gmail inbox . if that is what you are doing , then i think the easiest way to have those accounts not notify you is to have them skip your inbox entirely and have a separate label applied to them . in your gmail settings , under " accounts and import " --> check mail using pop3 , you will have your accounts that you are downloading . for each account you do not want to be notified , use the " edit info " button , and set the account to be labeled , and to " archive incoming messages ( skip the inbox ) " .
i would suggest trying priority inbox , which can notify , vibrate , or ring on just your new important mail . switch to using the gmail app , instead of the standard email app . then go to Menu > Settings > Priority Inbox . additionally , mail filtering is a more " hands on " solution for this problem that both complements priority mail , and helps resolve the issue when using other email applications . for instance , in my gmail settings i created a filter for incoming mail addressed to one of my aliases . i set that mail to Never mark as important , Skip Inbox and apply a label . when email addressed to that alias arrives , i am not notified . but i can use that label to go back and read that mail at my leisure . the same can be done for your mailing list accounts , using the list: search parameter . gmail provides a few other useful search parameters such as has:circle and has:attachment .
i do this with multiple gmail accounts . load the email account that you want to skip notifications . click menu , then find settings . uncheck the box labeled " email notifications " . that account will no longer sound a notification , nor show up in the notification bar . you can still browse and read all email just like you would expect .
enotify from verietas provides this exact capability . it lets you create alerts that match various rules . one of the available rules is the account . so you can play sound x if from your gmail account . play sound y if from your yahoo account . but it lets you do so much more than that . . . you can play different sounds based on the sender and subject and all sorts . . . there a free lite version too if you want to check it out . cheers .
i would simply turn off email sync for those accounts specifically . you can do that by going to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync , selecting the account , and unchecking sync gmail . you can still check mail manually through the gmail app , of course . edit : the newest version ( 2.3.5 ) of gmail now supports turning off alerts for particular gmail accounts .
the prompt that appears is from the superuser app , which regulates root access for other apps on your device . it is a third party app , and is not part of the android system itself . to modify the apps that are approved for root access , simply open superuser from your app drawer . there is a tab which lists the currently approved apps , and tapping on an app will allow you to change its approval status or " forget " the status altogether ( which will bring up the prompt the next time you run it ) . there is also a setting that changes the behavior when you tap on an app in the list . you can set it to give you a prompt where you can select the approval status you want for the app ( as above ) , you can set it to " forget " an app when you tap on it ( with no prompt ) or you can set it to toggle between approval states when you tap ( again with no prompt ) .
you could try to use a third party emulator which by my experience , works very well . i am not going to tell you that it will not lag from time to time , but take the trial and you will see how much better this emulator runs . it is not a free application , but it is not expensive either . you can find it at youwave android emulator . give the trial a try and get back to us ; )
the emulator is slow because it is an qemu that emulates a whole different cpu architecture as it is used by consumer pcs : arm ( vs . x86 ( _64 ) on your pc ) this means that every cpu instruction on the emulator 's arm cpu has to be emulated , which is per se slow . also the emulator is afaik single-threaded . this means that speed-up can only be achieved by fast cpus cores - multi-cores will not help here - and a reasonable amount of ram .
honeycomb ( 3.0 ) is notoriously slow in the emulator . you could try to get most of your functionality working for the phone first , to minimize using honeycomb . there are some bios settings to enable virtualization support in your cpu . i think turning these on may speed up the emulator , but i am not sure . ( the exact names for your system i do not know , but they will have " virtualization " or " vt-x " or something in the name . you could also try dedicating a processor to the emulator . you can change the " processor affinity " for processes in windows using task manager . if you change it so that your emulator prefers one processor and your other main tasks ( like eclipse ) avoid that processor , you may see some gains . if your processor is hyperthreaded , make sure that you treat the two virtual cores as one core and assign the emulator to prefer both virtual cores . ( finding the processes may be easier with processexplorer because you can click the target button and then click a window and it shows you the process for that window . ) update : see the using hardware acceleration section on the android docs to see how to use your gpu and virtualization support in your cpu to speed up the emulator .
short answer yes . it should act exactly like having a second browser . . . until you set it as your default android should prompt you to pick what client you want to use . if you choose k9 as your default and then delete it android will be smart enough to revert back to the default client .
when you first install an application that can handle the same intent as another application install ( for the sake of this example , let 's say a home launcher , but this works for any similar apps ) , then the first time you had press the home button ( which calls an intent to go to the home screen , which you now have 2 apps that could handle it ) , you will get a selection screen of applications that can fulfill that intent and you will have the option to set one of them as default . if set an application as default and you no longer wish to use that application as default you can either uninstall the application or you can go to settings --> applications --> manage apps --> go to the app in particular --> and click on " clear defaults " . this will reset the default application for that intent , so the next time you had press the home button you would again get a selection of home launchers to choose from .
one svn app is available in google play . but i think it can work as svn client only , i have not tried it though .
have you tried the " apollo music player"-app by the cyanogenmod team ? as far as i know you cannot read and play music from the external memory if the application is not able to . so you will not fix it by installing the app on the external sdcard . the appolo music player is : free great equalizer high quality this cannot be downloaded from the google market , but you might grab it from xda ( just be sure to enable to permit installing from unknown sources ) : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2196385
i had problems with my texting immediately after leaving the cricket store . this may not be your problem with the conversion , but as far as people not receiving mms , try fixing your apn . you will have to research how to do it on your phone and get the correct apns for your phone carrier , as i do not have access to that specific phone . this may at least help you with people not getting mms from you .
emails should not be stored on the sd-card , but if they are then they can be easily extracted . i would say that your emails on the device are not safe . i would recommend an app like webroot mobile security . you can wipe all your data or locate your phone with this app . there are other apps just like it . this is the best bet to keeping your data safe unless you are a spy then the only way to get ride of your data is through burning the phone .
by default email will be stored in the phone 's internal memory , not on the sd card . ( though you can ' move ' the app to sd storage , so it is possible that the sd card gets used ) . as others have said , once your mail is on the sd card , there is no protection as the sd card is removable ( since the data is unencrypted ) . for mail that is stored in the phone 's built-in memory , an attacker would have to unlock the phone to get the data . either directly through the mail app once unlocked , or to put the phone into " usb disk mode " to read the phone 's state from a usb-attached computer . ( a really sophisticated attacker could probably disassemble your phone and wire the flash to a custom reader , by passing the phone lock and read your unencrypted emails off of the flash . ) note that the exchange connection allows the exchange server to send a command to wipe your device . ( i believe this is contingent on some setup by the exchange admin . ) in the web ui for my exchange email server , there is an option to list authorized devices and to wipe them remotely . of course , the phone needs to be on a network to receive this command , so an attacker could delay this command by preventing the phone from using its networks .
i believe this is device-dependent and is not necessarily managed by android . the template wpa_supplicant.conf in /system/etc/wifi/ on my vibrant says this : by default , wpa_supplicant requests driver to perform ap scanning and then uses the scan results to select a suitable ap . another alternative is to allow the driver to take care of ap scanning and selection and use wpa_supplicant just to process eapol frames based on ieee 802.11 association information from the driver . this is controlled by setting the ap_scan variable in the in-use configuration file , /etc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf . mine is set to 1 , which is the default above . so i guess the question is , at least for my device , how does wpa_supplicant select a suitable ap ? it selects between networks based on explicit priorities given in /data/wifi/bcm_supp.conf . for networks in the same priority group it selects based on " security policy , signal strength , etc . " though the exact algorithm is not given . in the case where ap_scan is 2 and scan_ssid is 1 , the algorithm is simple : the first available network in the list is selected . new networks are added to the file in the order they are encountered from what i understand ; it does not list individual aps , so i assume they are handled dynamically according to whatever algorithm the supplicant is using . i know that does not fully answer your question , but hopefully it is useful .
summing up from the comments , and adding a little . directory structure there is no complete documentation for the entire cards structure , that seems not to be fixed . however , some directories seem to be more or less common : the developers guide suggests app specific data should be stored below /sdcard/Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt;/files/ ( &lt;package_name&gt; represending the name of the package the data belongs to , which looks like com.example.android.app ) , and /Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt;/cache/ for external cache files ( basically , this corresponds to the /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt;/ directory on internal storage ) same source recommends a bunch of directories to store files intended to be shared among apps . all of those directories are located in the root of the card , and include : Music/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as user music . Podcasts/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a podcast . Ringtones/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a ringtone . Alarms/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as an alarm sound . Notifications/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a notification sound . Pictures/ - all photos ( excluding those taken with the camera ) . Movies/ - all movies ( excluding those taken with the camcorder ) . Download/ - miscellaneous downloads . excluding directories from media scan if you wish to exclude a directory from the media scan ( i.e. . from being indexed for the gallery ) , you can place a file named .nomedia there . this will tell the media scanner to skip this directory ( including all files and subdirectories ) from a scan -- thus neither images , nor audio or video files stored here will turn up in the gallery . you however can still access them by looking them up manually . up to my knowledge , there is no way to restrict this to a certain media type ( i.e. . having the media scanner index audio/video , but skip images ) . important : note the " dot " at the beginning of the file name ( making it a " hidden file" ) . this must be included with its name .
you could use an " overlay " like e.g. ulysse speedometer , map speedometer , gps hud speedometer , digihud speedometer , or navigation speedometer : digihud and ulysse as map overlays ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) though above screenshots are not from osmand , the overlays work the same there : )
go to Settings &gt; Notifications . select Vibrate for message notifications subsection . can you please check if this works ?
it may be a firmware upgrade ( firware over the air fota ) . there is a fota app . go to apps in settings . click on clear data for fota app . check for update again .
going by the error message which the device is giving conveys that the android update has crashed midway . this crash during the update is possible due to loss of network connection or the device booted during the update . as the update has crashed you will not be able to update your phone even if your place an sd card or not because the operating system of ay android version irrespective of the hardware is always installed on your on board storage space but not on the sd card . the only possible solution for your crashed update is first you need to do a factory reset . doing a factory reset will completely wipe our memory and will retain your device as it was in the start when you purchased it . before going ahead with the factory reset please be sure that you are ready to wipe your data and have a backup present with you . after doing the reset make sure your device is completely charged and have a good connection to the internet . if you do not have any one of the above then you could again face the same issue and to the max may not be able to use the device in severe cases . once both are achieved you should be able to easily update your device
if you do not mind factory reset/wipe the phone and try updating again ( back-up data before doing so ) . it should do the trick . but before trying above method , also try this because i doubt that the device is lacking memory resources on both sd card and internal memory . try to make some free space in internal memory/external memory ( 400 mb-500 mb must be suffice ) .
have you tried doing the update from your pc instead ? you can download the mobile upgrade software and connect your device to your pc to perform the update . launch the tool and update your phone by following the step by step instructions ( refer to the user guide provided together with the tool ) . your phone’s software will now have the latest software . note that this will wipe your device according to the user manual which also recommends using the one touch center software to backup/restore your personal information all personal information will be permanently lost following the update process . we recommend you backup your personal data using one touch center before upgrading .
unfortunately not , except perhaps a different chat application that can interface with google talk . talk uses the timestamp of the sender to order the messages , using the assumption that cellphones on a cell network will have a consistently accurate clock . it is likely that a different chat application ( such as imo or trillian ) which interfaces with google chat will display these messages differently ; i do not use multi-protocol chat applications , or change my clock , so i cannot confirm that this will solve your problem ; i remain rather confident it will however .
check the time zone you have set in Settings-&gt;Date and time and make sure that it is correct . i had the same problem on my samsung phone and this fixed it .
since both sets of instructions you link to consist of running some closed-source software that interacts with your phone through the debug interface , only the authors of those programs can tell you precisely what they do . as ce4 says in his comment , the one on the xda-developers website exploits a vulnerability : that is , a defect in the phone 's software . the defect lets a program run as root on the phone , and this software uses that to install a program permanently so that it always runs as root . the other software could be doing anything . if it works for your phone , it probably exploits the same vulnerability , but only the author can tell you for sure .
i would use the motochopper exploit from the first thread . the exploit is from dan rosenberg ( djrbliss on xda ) , a known security researcher who has published some android root exploits so far . if the exploit does not work , there is no harm it can inflict . if it does work , harm can only be done while persisting the root access but i have not seen any problems with that ( either it does not work at all or it just works ) . the second alternative seems to be a streamlined free/paid service that is probably probing your device and it will eventually use the same motochopper exploit from the first thread . background info : announcement on xda exploit : http://vulnfactory.org/public/motochopper.zip
if phone data/photos is all you are after , i suggest using airdroid instead . no wires required , and will work on any computer . if you are really set on using the cord , you may be missing gs2 drivers . you will need to install kies from samsung .
if you want the timeout increased permanently , you can use the hint given in troniczomb 's answer . but keep in mind that display is one one the heaviest battery consumers -- so if you often forget to turn off your display manually , your battery might last much shorter . a more intelligent approach would be using some automation software like e.g. tasker or llama , and have your display timeout set according to your situation . i use e.g. tasker for that : when one of my reading apps ( rss , ebook , web ) runs in foreground , tasker increases the display timeout to 3 minutes . as soon as i exit them ( another app or the homescreen comes to foreground ) , display timeout is reset to 30 seconds . of course you can adjust those values to your needs . as a side effect , you will be able to automate a lot of additional stuff . for me , tasker e.g. automatically activates gps when i start some related app , and deactivates it afterwards ( on 4.2 , this will require your device to be rooted ) . it also switches wifi off when i left home ( and turns it back on when i return ) , and adjusts ringer/audio volumes when i am in the office , plus more .
go to settings -> display -> sleep , and you can change the time out requirement from there .
ssh internet through connect bot answer to this question describes how to do it .
i just released a free app on google play called ardp free , which supports seamless rdp over ssh . here is the link to it : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.iiordanov.freeardp i also have an app which supports seamless vnc over ssh in google play : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.iiordanov.freebvnc
it depends . if an application uses features present in android 2.3 , then it will not work on 2.2 or lower . if it only uses features present in older versions , then it will work on those older versions . for example , an app written for 2.1 ( i.e. . , an app that only uses features from 2.1 or lower ) will work on 2.1 , 2.2 , 2.3 , 3.0 , and 3.1 ( and any future versions , unless google changes how things work ) .
internally android uses so called api levels to distinguish between the various android versions . an app records two ( actually three , but this does not matter here ) api levels within it is manifest : minSdkVersion targetSdkVersion these levels can differ when , for example , the app uses a feature of a higher api level only optionally . e.g. the access to the front facing camera came with 2.3.3 . if the app runs on a older version ( api level ) it can only access the rear camera . but the app will be installable and runnable . so yes , if a app is written for a higher android version it could run on a lower , but only if the app developer took care of that .
by doing a factory reset and formatting the sd cards , i would say that it is safe enough to sell . if you want to be perfectly sure , flashing the original rom with option of wiping the cache will make the phone as good as you got it when you purchased . of course , still you have to format the sd card in that case as well . to know how to flash the original rom for you lg optimus gt540 , you can visit this page , which has a step by step instructions about this process . you should be able to find similar such page for your other samsung device just with google search . update : i found this web page , which explains about to how to downgrade i5800 to 2.1 . by that process you can get the original rom ( watch out for the region ) and safely sell .
your problem is due to errors related to htc sync , windows 7 and adobe air . there is a bug opened on adobe site : https://bugbase.adobe.com/index.cfm?event=bugid=2966976 the workaround should be to downgrade adobe air to 2.6 . xxx version . you can download it here . upgrading to adobe air 3.0.0.3880 rc1 did not worked for me .
if you want a specific app to react to bluetooth commands , you have to set it to high priority . i know poweramp has such a setting . check the spotify settings for a high priority option .
no . since you mentioned the battery duration is hours shorter , it must be the usage not the charger .
it is not quite an exact answer , but i try : i noticed the same behaviour on other devices too : my nook color 's supplied cable and wall charger feeds it with 2a . when using a normal cable this is limited to 0.5a ( or so ) . when charging with 0.5a the nook shows 100% far quicker than it can be possible but starts charging ( silently ) in the background again . my guess is this : the device sometimes sucks more power during usage than your charger unit can supply and the internal charging circuit then decides to stop charging and shows 100% capacity reached from that time on . this might be to prevent charge/uncharge waves when your car charger does not supply your device 's max power usage . some car chargers only provide 450ma . . . or do not have a stable enough voltage ouput . this is the standard for generic usb chargers : en-62684
if you get the directions for a route , you can pull the bottom white bar up to see the detailed , written instructions . you can also drag the bottom white bar to the left to see more of the available routes .
that is one of the many things tasker does for me , with a quite simple profile : condition : app ( select your browser , reader , etc . , multiple apps can be selected simultaneously ) task : display-timeout ( all sliders to max = never ) optionally , you also can adjust screen brightness . then , as soon as one of the selected apps is running in the foreground , that action triggers – the screen will not turn off anymore . when you bring another app in front which was not selected with your condition , tasker reverts to the previous state automatically . of course , there are also several apps available just doing that and nothing else ; but having one app ( tasker ) that can doing this and so much more , i forgot about them long ago . . .
is not possible install apps of google play without gapps , but you can install a " minimal google play " http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1918484
i assume you have checked the sync options of your google+ account to make sure it is set to sync regularly . have you tried removing not ony the app but also the account from the phone , doing a restart and then adding the google account back again ?
you state you are running ics on your galaxy s so i assume it is cm9 or so and rooted . some thoughts of mine : do you have any sort of firewall set up ( e . g . droidwall ) ? that has bitten me often so far . is there a 2nd device where it does not happen ? just trying to sort out a general problem with your account or g+ maybe g+ does not even sync by itself but outsources some of it to other gapps ( or the android framework ) ? aka , the problem is not directly within the g+ app ? my steps to narrow it down would be : make a backup via cwm and be sure everything is backed up by titanium backup too . you want to be able to revert to this current state once all is debugged and the problem is found and fixed . be sure your sd card has enough space left , i found cwm ( v3 . x ) to not report that and silently fail in case of a no space left on device error . reboot into normal android , remove unneeded apps and start a cycle : clear app data of suspected problematic app ( google services framework , etc . ) test retry and clear data of more apps and narrow down more if still present if problem is found , revert to your backup , apply the fix and see if everything works fine still report your findings :- ) i know you do not wanted this answer but i include it nevertheless : wipe ( with cwm and titanium backups ready of course ) . then go partially back step by step ( userland apps only ) with titaniumbackup . it is time consuming and tedious i know . having a cwm backup ready leaves you the option to roll back at any time though .
grab this . apk file from the xda forums and sideload it like you would any other app . the instructions state that it will work on unrooted devices , and cnet actually ran an article detailing this a little while back . the original xda thread is here , the link you need is the one under the qr code ( the " apk method" ) . this particular method will evidently only work if you live in the us and have android v4.0.2 or later installed , but that should cover any typical vzw galaxy nexus at this point . as far as i am aware , you will not be able to get updates from the play store if you sideload like this , but that is the only caveat i have personally encountered thus far on my vzw galaxy nexus . i used the free $10 prepaid balance at mcdonald 's without any issue . a few additional musings after doing some experimentation : after sideloading the . apk above i was not able to update wallet from the play store app on my phone . however , if i logged into the web store and visited the page for wallet , it listed my galaxy nexus as compatible . hitting install on the web page allowed me to push the updated version to my phone successfully , despite the fact that i could not do it from my phone . if you are itching to try out the newly added ability to add your credit card to wallet , you could try the above to get yourself updated to the newest version . alternatively , if you consider me a " trusted source " ( i am trustworthy , i swear ) you can get a copy from my dropbox account . i simply pulled the updated . apk file from my device after i updated through the play store , so i can safely say this version has not been tampered with by any third parties .
there is launchstats which should work as is on versions up to ( including ) android 4.0 ice cream sandwich . this app scans the system logs for all app starts since the device was booted and extracts the data you want . however starting with 4.1 jelly bean the necessary read_logs permission has been restricted to system apps due to security concerns . it is still possible , but you need to grant that manually via the developer console on your pc ( adb is part of the android sdk ) :  adb shell pm grant de.goddchen.android.launchstats android.permission.READ_LOGS  see more background on how to grant this permission here . you also need to enable adb debugging on your phone in the developer options .
the android system stores statistics on this , which on most devices can be accessed via a hidden menu : open your dialer type *#*#4636#*#* a menu will open . the 3 rd entry should read " usage stats " ( or something similar ) . tap this . you should see a list of your apps , which tells for each app how often it was started , and how long it ran . using the drop-down box on top , the list can be sorted by usage time , usage count , or app name . remark : afaik this list will be reset when you restart your device . edit : in case your device provides no dialer ( thanks @ce4 for pointing out my lapsus ) , it will require some searching to find the appropriate menu , but it is doable . some launchers ( e . g . apex launcher ) provide the possibility to create shortcuts to " activities " ( rawly : screens provided by apps ) . long-tap a free space on your homescreen , then select " shortcuts " , then " activities " . now scroll through the quite long list to find it . on my lg optimus 4x the activity is called " test " and has a " gear " icon ( same as the " settings " app has in this menu ) , so that is the first place to look for : scroll to " settings " , open the drop-down , look for " test " .
i found good info on the hardware specs here : http://www.phonearena.com/phones/samsung-galaxy-note-3_id7984 i would compare that to any stats verizon releases . word on the street is it will be both cdma and gsm , so i would not be surprised if there are no differences . my reading : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2469047
as underscorenorm mentions , it is your responsibility to ensure that the specs published by verizon either match those posted by samsung , or that the differences are acceptable to you . however , if the note 3 is advertised with a particular feature and you purchase a note 3 then it is reasonable for you to expect that feature . therefore , i would highly recommend that you contact verizon in writing with your question and your concern . doing this will let them know that their spending money to modify the device is actually costing them potential customers . a few letters like that might convince the company to keep their hands off the device . posting as an answer , not a comment , due to recommending a different course of action than does underscorenorm .
self-answering update from op : i have now owned a verizon galaxy note 3 for about 6 months and there are no significant differences between this and another carrier 's model . it even has an official upgrade path to kitkat at this point ( although not yet ota at the time i posted this answer ) . http://xkcd.com/979/
it seems that you have rooted your device . mistakes you made : after you got root access you have to backup all system files to your sdcard , but you did not . no nandroid backups were made . you moved system apps to the sdcard . how to recover : search in your sdcard , you are missing system files with prefixes like com.android... or com.system... . if you find it , copy it to /system/app then reboot in recovery mode . take any of your friends ' devices , root it , and then copy all system files to your pc/laptop and then copy the same to your phone into the directory /system/app/ .
this is quite simple , really . since you have access to settings , turn usb debugging on , download a launcher and a keyboard apk , and download the development kit . using adb , install the apks like so : adb install &lt;filename&gt;.apk  or better yet , put them into /system/app so that nothing can go wrong . adb push &lt;filename&gt;.apk /system/app  this should solve your problem .
this is due to the fact that the lockscreen recognises that the device is a tablet , and therefore makes it stay in landscape mode . there is an easy way to counteract this , however it does require the use of a third party application called set orientation , which allows you to force apps into any orientation you wish . just open up the app , and set the drop down to ' automatic ' . the screen will then rotate when you rotate the device .
the script you mention also offers an option to make additional apps ' bulletproof ' . since i do not know which version of supercharger you are running , i can not tell you the correct number of the mentioned option , but it is labeled BulletProof Apps {Hit or Miss} . it scans the current process list and gives you the option to name the app you want to make immune ( or rather " resistent" ) to being killed by the low memory killer . you do not have to be very precise with the naming , any 3 following letters matching your process should suffice . it will then prompt you to acknowledge the choice . that is it , you are done !
you simply looked in the wrong place in the settings . factory reset is located in the privacy options . as for the " hardware way " described in the other answer : the key combinations are device-specific . as you did not mention the name of your device , guessing the correct combination is like playing in a lottery ; )
try these steps : turn your device off press both volume button and power button . you should be accessing the boot loader by now . look for the option " clear storage / factory settings " using the volume button . once found press the power button to confirm .
pressing the middle ( or home ) button does " minimize " the app . this is a design idea of android . if the app does not get resumed at the same point , then that is the failure of the app 's developer and source code not using the relevant api calls or a general flaw in the app 's code .
not daft at all . you can not " minimize " an app in android , but you can leave it running in the background . if you are on a web page , hit the home button and do whatever else it is you need to do , then long press the home button and the last 6-8 apps you have used show up in a pop up , click your browser and you should be back to your web page .
the easiest way would be using a " profile switcher " . as your demand is time-based , a good and easy choice would be timeriffic ( available for free and high rated ) . here you could simply say : 24h/day disable these things . an alternative would be profilescheduler , which also allows switching profiles by click ( so you do not need to setup a schedule , just the profile ) . ah , btw : needless to say that this does not require a rooted device ; ) edit : if your intention is to keep other people from tempering with certain apps , you might want to take a look at so-called " app lockers " -- with which you can password-protect some/all your apps ( including e.g. the play store app to keep them from installing something else ) . here possible candidates include : app lock ( free , high rated ) app protector ( free , good rating ) ultimate app guard ( free , high rated ) and many more . and btw2: using an app locker , you can also protect the settings menu ( to avoid easy changes to e.g. bluetooth status ) . edit2: if the devices are rooted , you could even bring a " local firewall " into play : use droidwall to define which apps may access the internet ( via mobile and/or wlan separately ) , plus an app locker to password-protect droidwall . this way the apps themselves would be accessible ( unless you lock them completely as well ) , but their access to the net would be handled separately ( by droidwall ) .
yes , you can , but you have to synchronize google chrome with google account . you can change synchronization interval , etc . , etc . , in device settings ( accounts ) . how to force make bookmarks synchronization , you can read here .
use slightly different urls as bookmarks ( e . g . add " and dummy=1" at the end of one of them ) so that they are " different bookmarks " .
for the following procedure you will need adb installed on your computer ( if you are not already have that , see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . alternatively , a terminal emulator app should do as well . android apps are managed by the " package manager " , which as a command-line interface called pm . so here 's what you can do with it for your case : of course you have to replace com.package.name with the package name of the app you want to deal with . easiest way to find that is visiting its page on google play , and take a look at the url : the package name follows the id= parameter there . it is the -k parameter telling the package manager to keep the app 's data . now , when you re-install the app , its data is already there ( was not removed ) . all this does not require root ( at least as long as we talk about a user-installed app ) .
android has not got function which you described . if you have root access on your phone , you can make a copy of folder /data/data/com.xxx.xxx , reinstall app , and overwrite generated folder by your copy .
no app can " optimize " or " maintain " the battery in any way as it can not get the necessary access to the hardware -- probably not even if it required root . this app explicitly advertises that it does not . anyway , the manufacturer 's engineers surely have already implemented all the necessary optimizations . there is no way that the app 's developers knows anything useful about every phone 's charging circuitry and battery that the engineers do not . in short , there is no way this app does anything useful at all . ( it might even be malware , but i do not get that impression in this case ) . ( note : the following is probably not true ) the only thing an app can do ( on a rooted phone ) is to recalibrate the battery . if the battery is miscalibrated the os might think that it is as good as empty and force a shutdown although there is still a useful amount of charge left . one app that does this is the aptly named battery calibration .
mythbusted i installed this app yesterday with some uncertainty and it detected ( and fixed ) a number of problems . i then found this thread which made my suspicions even more so . today i ran the app and it detected zero problems , not surprising since the battery presumably got no new problems overnight . out of curiosity i set the date to a month in advance and ran the test again , and suddenly there are eight ' cells ' with low charge and two inactive ! so obviously all this app does is check when it was last run and the longer ago it was the more ' faulty ' cells it throws up in a random pattern to make it look like it is found ' faults ' which it can then fix . do not waste your time , i assume the only thing this does is provide ad revenue to the developer .
adobe flash fot android has been discontinued and all official methods of installing it have been removed . this is mainly due to problems in security , performance and stability , but the rise of html5 has also played its part . you can find more info from here or here .
use odin 3.09 specifically find stock firmware ( i use sammobile.com ) try factory dongle to force odin donwload mode ( if you cant get into download mode ) flash
things to try i would say take off the batteries , put them back , go to download mode , and reflash the rom . better off download it again to be 100% certain it is ok ( even if it is , sometimes certain roms happen to work only after a couple times flashing ) . also read the documentation of the rom in case it needed your storage to be in a different filesystem format ( ext4 or whatever ) .
this is a general android question that applies to all devices . messages ( sms ) are queued if there is no signal . see screenshot ( device is in airplane mode ) .
have you installed and used the dolphin desktop toggle add-on ? is it not what you were looking for ? although , not an automatic method , it does make switching user agents much less painful . else , you might also try accessing the mobile version of sites that render better by using their url e.g. http://m.twitter.com or http://m.gmail.com or mobile . website . com etc .
that happened to me when i was trying to test on a real device an unsigned app that i built , maybe that is the case . if you are a developer , sign the app before testing it .
first , make sure you have sufficient internal memory ( that should be more than just the app size , because app needs to store data too ) . the storage for apps is different from internal mass storage . you can find it under settings > storage , look for the applications label . also , if the app is , say 20 mb , keep at least 50 mb free , because apart from the app storage , android also tends to slow down when short on internal memory . if you are trying to update/overwrite an installed app , try removing it first . source . if that did not work , try this solution . it is aimed at titanium backup , but i guess it might work for other apps too .
there might be mainly these two possibilities 1 ) either the device did not have the sufficient memory 2 ) adb connection time out error to solve 1 ) clear you temporary memory , un install application or clear un wanted cache 2 ) go to preferences-> android-> ddms and increase you adb connection time out according to your need mine is 11000
flow 's absolutely right , but if you want to try another messenger that supports gtalk you could try meebo , ebuddy , or trillian . there are others , of course , but those are the ones i have tried that work well .
there is no google talk app within the market . google talk is more or less wired to the android release . it is usually an icon in the app drawer simply named " talk " . your phone seems pretty locked down by the carrier ( or somebody else ) . if it really came without google talk , which would be pretty uncommon , your only chance is to install the google talk apk manually .
there is nothing ( at present ) that can do all that siri does . depending on your needs you might be able to get close . lifehacker had an article about your current alternatives : how to get a siri-like personal assistant on your android phone for free to summarize : you will need one of the following ( or a combination ) : google voice actions for android vlingo edwin speaktoit assistant update : terryk2 points out iris , currently in alpha testing , which is by the developers ' own admission a direct response to siri .
that would be google search , which also has voice command abilities . although i am not sure how intuitive the commands can be given , compared to siri .
i would say vlingo is probably the closest but does not have the contextual power that siri does but it is very close .
there is an app called skyvi in the android market . initially i used iris , but it was quite buggy . this is comparatively better in my opinion . it is humorous as well .
while still in alpha , it may be worth checking out iris . it is got a limited set of siri 's functionality , but it looks like it could be interesting to watch it grow .
ensure that the google play store is installed as a system application . once done , clear the data for the google play store , the google play services and the google services framework apps . open the google play store ( you will get an error , do not worry ! ) . reboot , and open the gtalk app . log in to your gtalk account using the gtalk application ( you may have to do it a few times , wait until it says you are online ) . reboot and open the google play store again : )
first and foremost , this is my first answer on a stack exchange website so please bear with me if its not exactly what your looking for . in answering this question i am going to assume 3 things : you still have the rom for your os ( or a nandroid backup that will suffice ) a custom recovery ( such as clockwork mod or amon ra ) installed on the device you have a reliable method of re-installing the play store ( such as a rom downloaded from a reliable source ) . i was able to find a good rom by googling " cm7 no app store " but im not able to find it at this time . if someone could post a good link please do so . i had a problem with my device not allowing me to install the play store at all . the only way i was able to fix it was with a complete restore of the system . so if you are willing to start from scratch ( i know . . . ) then i am pretty sure this will fix the problem . ensure your battery is full before continuing some places say to have 40% others say 70% . . . i prefer to air on the side of caution and go with a full battery . also , create a backup of the device before you do anything , if it does not work , you will want to be able to go back to before i broke your device ; ) begin by backing up anything you feel needs to be saved , preferably to an external storage such as a flash drive or pc hard drive . wipe the device and the sd card ( the same kind of wipe used before installing a new rom ) load the rooted android rom ( or the nandroid backup ) as well as the rom or apk for the play store on to the sd card . boot the custom recovery ( the method varies from device to device ) and flash the custom rom ( or restore the nandroid backup ) once the rom ( or backup ) is finished loading , power the device fully off , remove the battery and the sd card . and wait 5 minute . this is not standard but again i like to air on the side of caution , since in my experience with desktops this is a good practice . reassemble the device ( this part is required lol ) and turn the device on . wait for it to load . make as little change to the device as possible in getting to the desktop . activation is not required and you can activate the device at any time so i prefer to wait until all the gears are spinning to do things like that . to skip the activation procedure you just hit the back button . dont change any settings , features , or even so much as open a menu . turn the device fully off . if your using a rom for the play store then the next step is to go into the recovery mode and flash the rom the same as your would a custom os rom only you do not wipe anything . just flash it on top of the current os . if your using an apk file then you would install it the same as any other 3rd party app . you need to go into settings > applications and allow the installation of 3rd party applications . then reboot the device . if everything is working i recommend that you make a nandroid backup of the unchanged os with the working play store . this would save alot of trouble in fixing any issues that come up in the future . i personally back up my device every week so i dont have too much fixing to do if something goes wrong . . . if the play store still doesnt work , you probably have a bad apk or rom for it , and i would recommend that you attempt to find a different one that does work . again i appologize if this does not help , i personally am not very experienced with androids and this is what i would do to try and correct the problem .
how many other aps ( access points ) and devices are their in the vicinity ? if your first ap ( on channel x ) is causing overloading ( or interference ) on that channel , other aps are going to change signal strength and/or change to other channels . basically , you are dropping a large pebble into a small pond . there is always going to be other effects . if this happened under controlled conditions ( i.e. . out in the country ) , with no other signal sources or traffic , then you would have a legitimate puzzle . .
i had the same problem and found a workaround by going to settings-> sound-> quiet mode and repeating toggle " turn quiet mode now " until i see the notification on the notification bar . after that the scheduled quiet mode will work , but you had to do this after every restart of the phone .
try magisto . i just tested it initially and managed to record for almost 2.5 hours before i stopped it .
your best source probably is nexus s : all things root guide -- which is a compilation/collection of several guides . here you can probably pick your minimalist solution as well as go for the " big thing " . in case you need some addional sources ( easily to find with a simple google search , by the way , as that is what i just did ) : root and recovery for the nexus s : quite decent , looks really easy : only a few steps involved . guide to root nexus s : a detailed guide nexus s : full update guide : full guide from root up to cyanogenmod customrom " nexus s " rooting guide : google search which turned all the above up on its first result page ; ) and probably has many more on the following pages . . . do not get me wrong : i am not saying you did not search ( your question clearly indicates you did ) . i put this just for reference by other interested readers here , who might need more details .
i have just done this for my nexus s running 4.1.2 so thought i would let you know how i went about it . i firstly downloaded the nexus root toolkit on my computer ( note that you will need a windows machine for this to work ) . from that point you can pretty much follow the instructions in the application itself and on the site , here 's the instructions from the site : instructions : select the correct device and build ( what you are currently running ) configure your drivers if you haven’t already using the driver guide ( if you aren’t sure use step 3 of the driver guide to test your drivers ) . if you need to , backup your important data . unlock your device root your device rather than going through each step in detail ( the documentation and help in the application is pretty extensive already ) i thought it would be more helpful to mention the issues i came across . forgot to unlock it ( step 4 ) - . - spent half an hour trying to figure out why it was not working and realised i would skipped a step , you need to unlock the bootloader . getting the drivers installed - although i already had the android sdk and hence the android composite drivers the application did not seem to work with these , it needed to downloaded some new drivers which it does automatically . on window 's device manager usually i am used to using the ' browse to folder ' option and letting it automatically search but this did not seem to work for the new driver , instead select the ' let me choose a driver from my pc ' option and choose the android phone drivers and the driver is the " google nexus s adb interface " . not finding the device - this happened a few times where the program could not find the device , said it was not connected , did i choose the right model etc . the problem seems to be that the adb server was out of date and needed to be restarted but the program would not do that . in order to restart it i just ran adb devices from the command line . for this to work you will need to have adb installed and added to the computers path . this then allowed the toolkit to find the phone and proceed on . left on non-android screen at end - after the rooting stage the application left a recovery application open on the phone rather than the android os , if this happens to you then go to Reboot and just reboot the phone . this is the last screen you will see : the superuser bit is fine , the toolkit will have installed it onto your phone for you , i just updated it using the play store option that is presented in the application . the toolkit did not seem to have installed busybox onto the phone but if you do want it then just go to the play store , download busybox and then install it . good luck !
short answer : yes . in fact , it is a little more complicated than that . the device manufacturer or oem buys different components ( chips and sensors ) from other manufacturers . some of those components ( such as the soc or chipset ) in turn contain hardware designed by other companies . for example , an lg phone might contain a soc manufactured by qualcomm , which in turn contains a gpu designed by arm . just like how the hardware contains components from different vendors , so does the software . in the example , when arm licenses ( sells ) the gpu design to qualcomm , they also supply the source code for a reference driver for the gpu design . ( they had include source for whatever platforms qualcomm is interested in , including android . ) qualcomm would adjust all the parameters of the driver ( such as the memory map , which you mentioned ) for their soc , and put it together with drivers for all the other components of the soc . then , when lg buys the soc from qualcomm , qualcomm would supply this combined driver to lg . lg puts this together with the drivers for other parts of the phone ( such as the touch screen ) , adds their ui customizations , and builds a rom image that they can flash onto the phone during manufacture . there is sometimes an extra step , too : the carrier might change the rom to include more pre-installed apps , a different boot animation , or other customizations . so , although in general each component manufacturer or designer is responsible for the driver for their own components , that driver is changed further down the line .
that is what usually delays an android update being rolled out to the end user 's device : even if the aosp ( android open source project ) announced a new android version being available two months ago , it is still only available to nexus users ( their drivers etc . are included with aosp ) -- while oems first need to adjust their drivers , and test how that goes along with the new android version . for some devices , they might even decide it is not worth it , and not adjusting the new version . the same applies once more to vendors/carriers shipping branded devices : they first need to wait for the manufacturers to finish their adjustments , and only then can start adjusting the branding ( and testing their adjustments again ) . another delay . but now you might uderstand why some carriers proudly announce a 4.0 . x update to some devices , while 4.2 is long available and even 4.3 already knocking at the door .
neither dvm nor jvm runs on every processes . natively compiled applications ( e . g . the ones you see inside terminal emulator ) are not associated with any dvm or jvm . and even when you only count android " apk " applications , the overhead of having jvm/dvm on ( nearly ) every process ' address space is minimal since they are a shared dynamic library so linux will smartly load them once in a copy-on-write buffer for the whole os .
android applications run dalvik bytecode , so the dvm needs to be running . just like how running java bytecode on a pc requires a jvm to run .
download the android app from here - google play store - openhtml
a few people allude to the issue of having spaces in the file name . i will clarify . android is based on linux , and therefore uses a posix file system . this means that file names with spaces cause issues . do not use spaces if you are creating a file or directory ; leave them out or use periods ( . ) , dashes ( - ) , or underscores ( _ ) . to load an existing file with space in it , you must quote the file . using the example from the question replace : content://com.android.htmlfileprovider/mnt/sdcard/Documents/To%20Read.html?text/html  with this : content://com.android.htmlfileprovider/mnt/sdcard/Documents/"To Read.html"?text/html  if you are otherwise simply opening a file , you may quote the whole string . like this : "/mnt/sdcard/Documents/To Read.html"  in addition to spaces which can cause problems , posix systems permit characters in file names that are not permitted in windows . to avoid issues when copying files between systems , even though some are still permitted on windows as well , do not include the following characters in file names : / \ ? * : % " &lt; &gt; | + # ' to avoid further problems use a consistent style of capitalization in file names . note that posix systems are case sensitive , which means file names are case sensitive . this means that file . txt , file . txt , file . txt , file . txt , george . txt , etc . are all different files on a posix system , while they are considered the same file on windows .
you should be able to point the browser at the file you want with a url of the format file:///path/to/file.html . for example , i just did this on my evo with a file i saved to the root of my sd card as post.html by launching the browser and entering the url file:///sdcard/post.html . alternatively , my file manager lets me open an html file with " html viewer " . this is not as feature-rich , though , and did not seem to render images for me ( whereas the browser way loaded everything properly ) . my file manager does not give me the option to open the file with the browser , or either of the other browsers i have ( firefox and opera mobile ) .
if your file is at /mnt/sdcard/test/file.html you can access it through the browser from using : content://com.android.htmlfileprovider/sdcard/test/file.html note : your file location should not contain any spaces i.e. /mnt/sdcard/test location/file.html does not work , even if the url replaces it with %20 . additionally , bookmarking the url helps !
because default html viewer is used then no space between the filename e . g " about us . html " is incorrect . rename as " aboutus . html " it will now open
just rename the file by appendinh " . html " to it . for example , if the file name is " abcd " , rename it to abcd . hmtl . this works for me in android 2.3 .
on my droid 4 ( ics ) from verizon i get the browser 's address box and type : /mnt/sdcard-ext/my_page/index.html  then set it as a bookmark . i use chrome , not sure if i can set it as a home page like on my pc . this is on my sd card in a folder with lotsa pix . to hide the pix from cluttering up your gallery , give the directory a period in front of it like /.my_page/ . use root explorer or a terminal emulator to check the location . i think mnt/sdcard/ may point to device internal storage .
just type file://localhost/ it works in opera mobile .
you could always encrypt your device . depending on what phone you are using will determine the method or even availablity of this function . it takes time though and you should do it with about 80-90% battery . also , i beleive the fact that your phone is rooted , makes it less secure - assuming the thief/person who picked up your phone ( assuming that it was to be lost ) . as long as they can access the internal/external storage , they can bypass this .
i would use lock screen . . . it is easy to use bruteforce on any apps which are using a pin code , it is harden with the lock screen , but not impossible . . so do not carry very important documents on your phone . . .
the app locker gives you more access , and is working against the system rather than with it . almost by definition , it is much less secure . an app locker might keep out the casual user , but not anyone who knows what they are doing . unless it blocks new apps by default , sideloading would be a problem . depending on the device that may be enough to root it ( if you are not already ) and then they can more or less bypass/remove anything on the device . adb access is a risk in both cases but the ability to interact with the device may provide some other options . i agree with admartian that encryption is the way to go . using a lock screen plus an app locker is better than using only one of them , as well .
i have found ghostcommander ( open source ) to be just as good , and it is smaller ( takes up less room on limited flash space ! ) . you can find it on fdroid repository .
there is an app for that . photosync ( sync to picasa ) automatically syncs local folder to picasaweb , so you can select your camera folder . it is free and not so huge as g+ app . you can set your local folder and picasa folder and sync them on eg . hourly basis .
i would bite the bullet and install the google+ app . in addition to instant upload , the google+ app will give you unlimited storage of the photos that are uploaded via instant upload : all photos uploaded in google+ will be automatically resized to 2048 pixels ( on their longest edge ) and will not count towards your free storage quota . source : http://support.google.com/picasa/bin/http://picasa.google.com/support/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=1224181 i do not think you have to use google+ other than register online and install the app for this to happen , so there is really not much effort on your part needed to get the benefits of instant upload . you can also manually " share " photos from the gallery app to picasa , but that is more tedious .
simple2ext ( as described here : http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/20328-solution-to-unable-to-download-big-apps-from-the-market/ ) did the job for me . i am also running cm 7.0.3 and had problems with downloading big apps from market . sometimes it helped clearing the dalvik cache but not always .
i had something similar happen to me months ago , and the only solution i found was to make sure my apps and accounts were synced with google and doing a factory reset . the thing was i was stock at the time , and i do not know how a factory reset will affect cyanogenmod . i would jump on their forums and see if anyone else is having a similar issue , and if not you should submit a bug report to them so they can see if it is a bug in their release candidate . edit : since this is a pretty old question and cyanogenmod has been updated i think it would be worth it for you to upgrade to 7.0.3 . i have not had any issues at all with the market now that i have moved to a stable version of cm7 so hopefully your issue has been resolved in the newest stable release .
try this call confirm app . this application is going to ask you whether to call or hangup the contact what you touched on call history .
no , it does not . the only usb ports are on the keyboad dock . the tablet itself has : a microsd card slot a mini hdmi port a 40-pin docking/charging/usb transfer connector an audio jack source : cnet 's review of the asus eee pad transformer
from a packet capture , the codecs are : gsm-efr 8khz amr 8khz gsm 8khz g . 711/pcmu 8khz g . 711/pcma 8khz here 's the tidbit from the rtp packet capture : i could not find a way to configure the codecs either .
i have noticed the same thing happening occasionally - i find that if i turn the wifi ( on the phone ) off and on again it will usually pick the wireless network up straight away - that is not quite as drastic as having to enable/disable airplane mode .
i am using htc desire with froyo and have a netcomm nb6plus4wn , but have not exprienced any problems with connecting to wifi . is your home wifi one of the saved wifi networks on your phone ? ( it should do this automatically if you have connected once before ) . i find that the phone takes much longer when searching for new networks , but is fairly quick if it is connecting to an existing/saved one . also , i have had some problems with 3g internet and this was solved by turning the phone off and on - maybe give that a go ?
in the absence of a definitive answer i did a lot of experimentation . firstly , if you have http intensive apps this version android ( 2.2 ) , will not change connectivity until the operation is complete . switch to airplane mode . you can still connect to your router but app traffic is suspended . you shield get a connection at this point . deactivated airplane mode and you should be running on your router . if anyone can nominate tools that can help track http app activity on android , please post .
unfortunately , most ( maybe all ) of the android phones do not have this option . check this issue : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=7048
the setting is under dialer . just click on the dialer , got to settings -&gt; additional settings and then select the check box opposite to call waiting option . this option was changed in ics update i believe .
this problem does not exist in samsung mobile . i dont know much about htc . you can consult to servie centre . may be there can be any setting issue .
according to a few reports floating around the web , including this one from bgr this is a known software bug which google is working to correct . i get them on my gn occasionally as well and in my experience it is 100% random , so i do not think there is anything we can do to avoid them .
seems like it is a conflict between the samsung 's phone app and g+ 's way of storing labels . using stock android phone app might solve your problem .
option 1 :- you can turn off your search history to prevent future searches from being saved to your search history . but some features , including google now , won’t work when your search history is turned off . 1 . visit your history page . 2 . in the top right corner of the page , touch the gear > settings . 3 . touch pause . your search history will now be turned off for any computers or devices you use with your google account . note :-doing so will disable all the search being saved irrespective of the device you use because your settings are saved based on the google email id you use . the bar which pop 's is something called as auto fill/auto suggest . ex :-your earlier search for android is stored in your history and later when you simply type android in the search box it will check for match in the history and display it . ( i.e. . although your search is for android devices and not android it will display android in the suggestion bar based on your history ) option 2:- 1 . un-check the search suggestion from settings menu > privacy > search and url suggestions ( un-check this ) 2 . clear your browsing history . ( auto search suggestion will be displayed based on the history also so you need to clear the history every time you are done with browsing/when ever you open it ) 3 . next time when ever you try a search , the browser will not display the bar which pop 's as the auto suggestion is unchecked and browsing history is clear note :-if you want to avoid the auto suggestion bar you need to clear your history . if the auto search suggestion bar is seriously annoying for you then you have to trade it with the lost history . hope this solves your problem
well , what you can do is tap over the search bar type chrome://history/ clear the history and it should not bother you any more . update : you can try incognito mode over the browser if you do not want the logs or any history to be created .
the best you can do is just clear your mobile browser history . also you can use apps like clear master to clear temp files regularly . hope it helps ! !
well you have 2 ways here - sign out from chrome . to sign out just navigate through chrome> settings> account ( on top ) > off . and you will not get these recent search history . open chrome ( use desktop version when navigating through the webpages i suggested ) . in address bar type-in history . google . com and sign in to your preffered google account and remove all the history from using ' remove items ' from drop-down menu ( gear-like settings icon ) . also you can ' pause ' this feature permanently by using ' settings ' in drop-down menu . second method is easy to follow if you have a pc .
i do not use this emulator but you might try to copy and paste login from host : how to share clipboard between bluestacks and host windows pc ?
open the . spb file in kies select all your contacts and click save as . in the file name field type whatever you want with en extension . vcf copy the newly made file to your sd card import from the contacts app
on some devices , especially motorola ones , disabling the stock messaging app will cause any app that you set to handle sms to crash when sending an outbound sms . while other system apps may be safe to disable , i would recommend against disabling the stock messaging app . see this question for more details .
i have not experience any major problems after using the integrated sms/hangouts . only thing is that you may take some time to get used to it . however , it is a matter of preference . some may prefer separate apps to avoid pain of selecting whether to send sms or start a hangout . but to answer your question , no , nothing to be taken care of .
it is actually quite simple just hard to figure out . install a file manager app ( astro , inka file manager ) using a file manager app navigate to sdcard > media folder create a new folder place all your photos into that newly created folder . it may take some time but eventually the new photo album will appear inside htc 's gallery app .
download and copy the gapps zip file to your sd card . reboot your phone into cwm recovery mode . to do this , turn phone off , and press volume up + home + power button together . your phone would then startup into recovery mode . select install zip . look for the gapps file via choose zip from /sdcard if it is in the internal sd card , or choose zip from /storage/sdcard1 if it is in the external sd card . after you flash it , reboot your phone ( it is in one of the options ) .
this might have something to do with a feature of mms called content adaptation . your operator 's mmsc ( multimedia messaging service center ) determines if the data sent is in a format supported by your handset , and if not , transcodes it into another format . this can cause some problems between different devices and operators . for example , my android receives single images from other android phones as 10 second videos where 1st half is the image and 2nd half is the message . at least here in finland , the behaviour i described is pretty standard and has happened since the days mms was made available and people are used to it ( as far as i know ) . do not know about at and t , but i would suspect there will not be any changes in the near future .
you already have to have a strong password selected and installed and then the encryption button will be available for you to press .
after some playing i figured it out . i went to the app manager - found contacts and contact storage ( cleared the cache from contacts and cleared all data from contact storage ) after recreating my profile an automatic sync took place and all my contacts came back with associated gmail contact photos
there is also a way to fix it . they wrote the partitions wrong . a rather long explanation at xda will help you fix it . i was excited to see it ! the linked post includes a detailed description to solve the issue , too much to even include an excerpt here . it includes dumping the entire rom , fixing it on a linux pc ( using a livecd ) , and flashing back the fixed rom to your android device .
yes it works . i rooted sony er wt19i with locked bootloader and it installed superuser . you should try . many people asking can i do this or that and never did nothing . how can you know if you didnt try ?
there is a way to share songs and albums with friends and family . this is not quite the same as a " party mode , " but is the closest thing i have found to it . pros : 1 . do not need to give anyone your account information . 2 . friends can listen to shared music on any device they want . cons : 1 . only works with google+ ( for now ) so your friend must have a device which can access google+ . 2 . can listen to the entire song only once for free . 3 . only works with limited number of songs ( many more are being added though ) . setting up a type of " guest account " may be a viable option but this opens up a whole hose of security concerns - i doubt google would implement this officially . sharing music has a long history of abuse . so much music can be found for free these days , sharing a listing of your favorite songs may be all that is necessary .
thanks for your answers . i found a solution for my problem . there is a project named " google musik desktop player " that is almost what i wanted i just let the player run on my pc and friends in my room have only access to my music library so they can choose a song or create a playlist .
i like to sync all contacts and then in contact list i choose to only show the ones with phone numbers . to do this open contacts > menu > view > select " contacts with phone numbers " . not sure if that is what you are looking for but is the only thing i could find for a solution on evo . strange , the directions below will work on other android devices , but not an htc sense devices . open contacts > menu > settings > edit sync groups . select " sync all contacts " , " my contacts " or " starred in android " . for htc sense do the following , contacts ( people ) > groups tab > menu > sync groups . note , on my evo neither option worked for me . i am running 2.2 and suspect that is part of the reason .
i do not know if the evo uses the vanilla contacts and dialing app , but if it does , it is a two step process . first , you have to organize your contacts into groups in gmail . adding a star to any contact on your phone will add it to the " stared in android " contact group in gmail . this will be principally for contacts that you wish to sync , but do not feel like putting into another group . for me , these are mainly the phone numbers of local taxi companies . now , on your phone , open your contacts , hit the menu button , and select display options , expand the google contacts , and then start deselecting groups , especially all other contacts . all other contacts include all the contacts that are in my contacts ( added liberally by gmail ) but are not in any groups .
so this is a complete workaround , but worked for me and i will keep it this way until there is a better solution . it is a real pain to have contacts updating each time you send an email to someone . i for instance , sell items on craigslist occasionally and in a 5 day period got and replied to over 60 people , most of them offering some sort of offshore job offer scam . . . . . yet they all go in my evo 4g contacts ! irritating for sure . what i did was this , it took me a half an hour : set up a new account group in google called temporary ( name is irrelevant ) moved all of the contacts that i did not want on my phone into this group deleted all of them deleted the group altogether then i set my auto-sync settings on my handset for contact-syncs to manual . so now , i have only the contacts i want on my phone . not sure how this will play out once i want to add contacts , but for now my contact book is very clean and tidy .
android 's built in decoders are rather picky about the files they will play - limited encoded resolution ( possibly less than that of the device 's display ) , limited bitrate , limited formats . if these are new files , try encoding them to be less demanding . if these are files that used to work , see if something on the phone is perhaps slowing it down - on on rare occasion i had a file that generally plays start failing part way through . a reboot might be worth trying .
if you have the issue with files , that you were previously able to play , try to reboot your phone . if playback works afterwards , you seem to have the same issue as described in this problem : samsung galaxy s : unsupported file type ( mp3 ) i do not know of a fix for this yet , the only workaround seems to be a reboot .
samsung galaxy s2 sgh-s959g android version 2.3 in boot loop update : downloaded odin 3 v . 1.85 , flashed with stock-sgh-s959g . tar . md5 ==> no change still have the same problem ( also checked sammobile for firmware = nothing available )
found it . i remembered installing a beta app from cyanogenmod called screencast which can be used to record the screen if you have a cm 11 rom . when you start recording there is an option in the notification bar to show touches . i had enabled this when playing with the screencast app , and it continues to track touch input even after you stop the recording . disabling the show touches option fixed my issue .
in recovery mode , use this : adb shell mount /sdcard adb push {filename} /sdcard/{filename}  update #1: an alternative suggested by ce4: pull out the sd card , copy all needed files externally , and put it back in update #2: it seems the user did not install cwm correctly . after fixing this , adb push now works as expected .
check your phone date and time . if it is wrong probably you may receive this error .
as of right now , i am going to say you can not do this . android 3.1 just added usb host support , so it is technically possible , though someone would need to build drivers or an application to take advantage of it .
if you mean a usb ethernet adapter , then if you have one that has [ fully open source ] drivers in the mainline linux kernel , it may be as simple as recompiling the kernel for your xoom , installing it , and getting one of the usb otg adapter cables people have been using to read usb memory sticks on xooms . fortunately the xoom seems more open to modified kernels than their phones . once it is available in the kernel , you may also need to figure out how to tell android to use that network interface - notice there is no ifconfig binary ( though people have made their own ) . you might check with the android beagle board and android x86 projects to see how they initialize ethernet adapaters .
callrecorder from xda this is the only app that allowed me to record my conversations properly , i own a samsung sgh-i537 ( s4 active ) and samsung decided not to allow native recording for it , so you have to root your phone before installing this app ( in the link there is a trial version so you can see if it works on your phone ) .
call recording for non-rooted phones seem to only work with the mic mode , when your speaker is on . this makes your volume not so clear . i tested this with automatic call recorder .
apparently you need hardware support in your kernel and root access for line recording . otherwise you are stuck with mic recording , which only picks up your voice ( at least on my nexus 4 ) the only one that worked for me was this " call recorder " app . it costs $10 and requires root access , but it does a pretty good job . there is a trial version link on the play page , you might want to try that and see if it works for you .
did you try " easy voice recorder " ? is works for me ( nexus 4 , android 4.4.2 without root ) . here is the link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.coffeebeanventures.easyvoicerecorder when you have root privileged is much easier , but without root , i do not know of any app that can record the other side in a way that you can hear him " clean " . but as i say , easy voice recorder do it very good for me , not perfect ( cristal clear ) but good ( i can here the other side in the record , without any issues ) .
kaiten mail lets you send emails in these formats : plain text ( images and formatting will be removed ) html ( images and formatting are preserved ) automatic ( plain text unless replying to an html message ) i am not sure about the the width though . i have not seen any setting where i can set it to 80 ( or any other value ) . by the way , i sync my gmail and yahoo mail with kaiten .
there are multiple automation tools which most likely can do this for you . some of them , especially in connection with your real concern , are listed in my answer to cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? . aside from that , and you might wish to check helpers like juicedefender , easy battery saver , and go battery saver and widget . amongs others , they do exactly what you asked for : toggling airplane mode or rather the data part of it , to enable apps to sync only in defined time frames .
2g consumes less power than wifi when it comes to standard usage ( surfing , small downloads etc ) . the problem with wifi : it constantly scans for hotspots even when you are connected to one and not using it . when it comes to big downloads etc , wifi is more efficient . reason : due to slow speed , 2g will continue to drain battery for 2 hours when wifi quits downloading within 5 minutes .
i think i already posted this in another answer -- but i do not remember where . as i think it where different details that time ( more a general " what consumes most" ) , here some details from a reference motorola droid . data taken from a german article named energiesparplan ( heise is a very famous technology publisher in germany ; google translate version here ) : guess this definitly answers the question . though the values may vary between devices , relations should roughly match .
the generic perception is that networking via wi-fi cause less drain on your device 's battery than connecting with 3g . during the data transfer , if you use both connections to perform the same download , you will find that wi-fi is more efficient since it transfers stuff faster than 3g , thus leading to less consumption of your battery . rare exceptions may prove otherwise , but 3g faster and with stronger signal than wi-fi is a grandpa 's fairytale ; ) one important thing to account for , is the network coverage : if you stay a large amount of time within a limit coverage area , either for 3g or wifi , disable the one who is suffering from low coverage . your device will constantly be searching for available network , and that is just energy wasted on fruitless searches . being this usually the cause for complain on the battery life .
use wi-fi . in most cases a wi-fi radio will offer greater bandwidth at a significantly lower battery cost . as a result , you should [ prefer ] wi-fi whenever possible . -- developer . android . com : modifying your download patterns based on the connectivity type via transferring data without draining the battery .
i would say use kies to update your old one ( or use odin/heimdall to install some firmware from here ) . afaik the galaxy s ( captivate ) does not have a custom rom flash counter ( that was introduced with the s2 to see if one had installed custom roms before , so you do not have to apply ' triangle away ' to reset it before sending back your old phone ) you basically have 2 options for your new one : root the standard firmware using cf-root by chainfire install an aftermarket firmware like cyanogenmod ( ics already available , jb also ) to install cyanogenmod-9 ( an android-4.0/ice-cream-sandwich based custom rom ) , here are some infos : here 's their wiki faq for your phone and here 's the full update guide , here are downloads for the captivate
i did this for myself by navigating to settings > storage , tap on the misc category , select the ~4 gb linux image and use the trash icon to delete it , but this will probably vary depending on what device you use .
no matter what you try , you are basically stuck with the limitations of your phone . there are other procedures on android forums to force apps that usually can not be put on your sd card therefore freeing up more internal memory . i only have 200mb of internal memory , over 100 apps and still have 105mb of internal memory . i have room for more apps than i will ever need . again , you do not have to root your phone , as some you can not due to upgrades in the os like mine , but there are other workarounds . good luck !
you can also opt for an easier way as described in this answer , if all you are looking for , is to shift apps from your phone 's internal memory to sd card . a free app called link2sd will help in this case . it has a decent gui and makes it easier to move apps between sd card and internal memory - also fixes the market links so that updates from the market are automatically moved to sd card if the app was previously on sd card .
you would need a custom rom that supports moving apps to the ext3 partition . i would recommend searching the development section of xda-developers forums for your handset for such a rom . if a rom does not support apps2ext natively , you can try your luck with a script ( example for htc dream/magic here ) that can be installed on top of another rom . [ edit ] : just adding stuff from my comments to the answer . if you are on android version 2.2 and above , you can use the built-in " apps-to-sd " functionality to move apps to sd card . go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications then tap on any app and under the " storage " section tap the " move to sd " button . after a few seconds you will see the button 's name change to " move to phone " and size of the app decrease significantly . this method is not without drawbacks . first off , an app needs to be explicitly coded to support this functionality . second , widgets and apps that run as a service ( e-mail , virtual keyboards , weather notifications , etc . ) do not work when moved to sd , and must reside on the phone 's internal memory . furthermore , not the entire app moves to the sd card . a part of it stays on the phone , along with its cache and data/settings . if you have a phone with a small amount of internal app storage , using the built-in apps-to-sd will just prolong the inevitable " out of memory " errors . the apps2ext scripts resolve most of these shortcomings . it " fools " the phone into thinking that the ext2/3/4 partition is part of the phone 's internal memory . this means that widgets and services will work just fine with this method . also , since you can make your partition as large as you wish ( recommended not to exceed 2gb ) , the space issues disappear . the scripts also provide options for moving caches and data to the ext partition in order to free up even more internal memory . the drawback of the apps2ext method is that it is well , a hack . first off , your phone needs to be rooted . second , you will no longer be able to un-mount and remove the sd card from the phone , since all of the apps ( including system ones ) reside on the ext partition . third , you are putting a lot more strain on the sd card from increased writing , which may shorten its lifespan . finally , as with any hack it may make your phone less stable .
you might need to clear the cache of the download manager . go into : Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All (tab) -&gt; Download Manager  here tap Clear cache and for good measure Clear data
if your phone has a menu hard key , like most samsung phones , the three-dots icon for an overflow menu will not appear . press the menu key instead , and settings is the bottom item on the menu .
try using the opera browser . it compresses the webpages before sending to your phone . edit : here ' s a test done by pc world that engadget featured showing the skyfire browser being slightly faster than opera mini .
no , adb root does not survive reboots ( thankfully , that would be a nice security hole . . . ) in your case , i would guess that the permissions on that file got changed , allowing you to push it the second time .
the answer to 1 ) is : the installer does not use the same releases as you see on the download page , it has separately signed releases so they are not directly comparable . sorry i do not know how you can predict when you might next get an update when you have used the installer . the answer to 2 ) is : latest release for installer devices are here : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/cyanogenmod_installer#supported_devices for the galaxy nexus that is : 11.0-installerxnpq09p further info : on that same wiki page it says : how do i get updates ? updates are done via settings > about phone > system updates . when a new snapshot build is > available , your will also receive a notification . devices flashed via the installer will only get updates when a new stable snapshot build is available . i suspect that might be out of date however . the following seems to be the most recent up to date information : http://www.cyanogenmod.org/blog/cm-11-m4-post-release-items installer builds are those served via the cm installer applications ( windows , mac ) . these > builds are specially signed and named separately – there is no concept of an ‘m’ build for > this release channel – so saying ‘installer skipped m#’ is an incorrect interpretation . > this channel only ever receives specially created stable builds – they even come with their > own naming structure ( eg xnpq02r ) . there is an additional blog post that rehashes some of the information on the m4 blog post above with a bit of extra clarification here : http://www.cyanogenmod.org/blog/cyanogenmod-11-0-m6-release hth . stephen
i am not surprised you are confused : the term is indeed used for two different things , as you have found . for developers , a widget means a View: a single gui control inside an activity , which can show information or be manipulated by the user . examples include Button , TextView , and SeekBar . the app component that lives on the home screen ( or lock screen ) is properly called an appwidget . stock android ships with appwidgets for the calendar and email apps , amongst others . however , terms are used differently in user-facing documentation and labels . Views do not need to be described to the user , so the term widget is used for appwidgets , presumably because it is shorter . but because it is in the user-facing documentation , and app authors have to label their appwidgets as widgets , they tend to use the term widget for both , when it is possible to tell from context which is meant . it is common for the same thing to be described differently to users and developers ; the only confusion in this case is that the users ' word for one thing is the same as the developers ' word for something different . it is almost always clear which one is meant , because the two components are used in different circumstances : if you need to be unambiguous , you can say " View" or " appwidget " .
you can see the password if your device is rooted , it is located in plain text at : /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf  normally your device will not connect to any secured and previously unknown wi-fi without your request . the only possible explanation for me is one of the following : you gave it to a friend who added the wi-fi for you ; you had another wi-fi with the same name/pass-phrase combination set up already .
do you have another android device ( like a phone , maybe ) that you had previously connected to that same wi-fi point ? android 4 , ice cream sandwich , ( and possibly older versions too , though i do not have any to hand to check ) has an option to sync saved wi-fi passwords between different android devices on the same google account . here 's the option under settings -> backup and reset on my phone : there are also apps that allow you to sync wi-fi passwords between your laptop and your android devices , though i assume you had know if you had one of those installed .
at a guess , you are actually connecting automatically to another nearby unsecured network rather than the secure network .
even on models that have a built-in flash , using it is not worth your time . point flashes almost always make the picture look bad , especially when the camera is a crappy phone camera . i suggest making sure the subject is well-lit instead . that all said , the screen is not bright enough for a flash . best case it would provide a little " ambient " lighting in a dark room and you had have to take the picture up close .
i am not sure on wildfire , but i am using htc hero . you could have a try to press the key ( like home , return or anything ) or press the optical mouse , then it back to the phone call screen , then you can press num key after pressing the lower left hand corner bn from the ui .
in your phone dialer enter the following sequence : *#*#7594#*#*  will show you shutdown app configuration - you can choose to have the device power off directly instead of showing the menu for airplane mode / power off etc . when you long-press the power button . there is also an option for keeping the lcd on during the duration of a call .
have you tried a longer screen timeout ? Settings | Display | Screen timeout
what you are looking for is screebl - a background service that monitors the phone 's orientation , and based on that orientation decides when to allow the phone 's power-saving features to operate . there is a pro version too that allows for integration with locale amidst other extra features . also check out shake awake from maplekey ( in the market ) - it allows you to wake the phone during a call with a shake . i also think that pressing the home key should turn the screen on again . try and let us know .
i am not sure about the wildfire , but on my desire hd when i take the phone from my face , the motion sensor detects it and re-awakens the screen automatically . i am not sure if it is a setting , a froyo feature , or maybe an htc sense feature .
an upgrade became available yesterday . once i upgraded to 4.1.1 , the cut and paste functionality started working again ! : )
most shell commands in android are not gnu versions or another posix-compliant implementation , they are either from toolbox or busybox and mostly stripped down versions . a lot of commands in /system/bin are symlinks to /system/toolbox . i have not found much documentation about it , just the source at https://android.googlesource.com/platform/system/core/+/jb-mr1-release/toolbox/ busybox is another implementation of several common shell commands , with more commands and features than the default toolbox . it is used on other embedded systems too , and some bootable gnu/linux cds , so you may already be familiar with it . because it is open-source , there are several installers available on google play : just search for " busybox " .
from stackexchange-url you might need to activate adb root from the developer settings menu . if you run adb root from the cmd line you can get : root access is disabled by system setting - enable in settings -> development options root access is disabled by system setting - enable in settings -> development options once you activate the root option ( adb only or apps and adb ) adb will restart and you will be able to use root from the cmd line . source : stackexchange-url
i would reinstall the tf101 driver and install the android sdk drivers . this xda post has some additional info .
ok , i uninstalled and deleted the drivers for the tablet and then reinstalled manually and it worked .
did you wait some time after the power cord was pluged in ? it is normal that this takes some time to show the charging screen if the battery is not charged at all . for a full factory reset ( that is the most reset that can be done by the galaxy s ) , you want to boot into recovery mode by powering off the device , and then booting it by holding down the volume up + home + power keys . a menu should appear that offers the " factory reset " option .
sounds like the phone simply froze up . try taking out the battery , putting it back in , and then press the power button to start it .
there is busybox installer program in market . also good rooting programs may install busybox themselves . you can install it manually into /system/xdev/ ( with necessary symbolic links ) here is one i have :
i have tried this on froyo , i can remove the unwanted swype words by : 1 . swype the word . 2 . select that word . 3 . hit the ' swype ' key . 4 . you will get a confirmation to delete the word from swype dictionary . on latest android version , you get a list of words on the top of the keyboard . if the unwanted word comes on top , long tap it . you will get an option to delete it .
swype uses a separate dictionary . you can access the settings for both from within the system settings : from the homescreen , open settings &rarr ; language and keyboard for swype continue : swype &rarr ; personal dictionary for the default keyboard : my dictionary there you can edit/add/remove words from your user dictionary .
the easiest method is probably to install a uk rom . if you do not want to root or use a custom rom , you can probably find a stock one . i recommend searching xda .
install set locale and language , locale selector , or other related apps from google play !
not sure if it does what you want to , but i use quick system info pro ( free ) . in this app , via " basic info " , you can get to the battery details , and check the " power usage " . this gives you a break-down on which processes are responsible for power usage in percentages . i have found it to be the most extensive monitoring application i could find . also , the dmesg and logcat viewer ( alos in the app ) might give you an indication which messages are exchanged and thus which application/thread is responsible for activity .
press power off and volume key down at the same time for 2 secs . . . it will take a screen shot . .
i know this is not the easiest way but if you are desperate you can do this . . . but before you do that , try hitting the power button slightly before you press down the volume-down key . if that does not work than maybe sony just overlooked this feature on the update .
press and hold power button and volume-down button exactly at the same time and hold them there until you take a screenshot . ( in ics ) i tried it now . and its working .
use monkeyrunner or run the ddms and take a screenshot . read more at how to take screenshots on an android device .
you could uninstall kies and the drivers completely , and then install the uk version of kies from here . ( make sure to select the uk as your location during install ) . this should allow you to perform the update , although it might not give you the language you want . this worked for me to get froyo on my vibrant before it was released in the us . alternatively you could try another european country that has had an official update released . you could also try flashing the latest european firmware via odin . xda has a guide on this ( see the upgrading section ) . this is risky if you do not follow the instructions closely and will void your warranty just like rooting , but i have used odin dozens of times on my vibrant with no issues .
apparently there is such an app that can do this ( see this xda post ) . however , it is my understanding that to do this would require at minimum a rooted phone , and probably a custom kernel as well . i do not know of any custom kernels that have this functionality , however . you could also buy headphones with separate l/r volume controls .
as to registering a new google account ( gmail account ) , you can do it on this page : https://accounts.google.com/signup as to how to add the gmail account to your phone , you can do it from the accounts and sync menu :
you can manually add a gmail mailbox using imap in the separate email app . as to adding a google account to sync your contacts and calendar , unfortunately a great many of android devices obtained from china have this " issue " . the best course of action is to flash a firmware meant for the same device , but from a different region . these links might help - superdroidrom for chacha // htc chacha forum on xda
i had the exact same setup and problems described by @"somebody still uses you ms-dos " . i am using a mac 10.6 and trying to root motorola defy following the cyanogen 's wiki and using rageagainstthecage to root . the wiki suggests using " psneuter " to gain root . instruction below come from the rootzwiki . download latest version of psneuter , and extract . then run the following adb commands adb should hang , wait a while and then type ./adb shell  if you see a '#' sign instead of the '$' then you have temporary root .
i am late to the party but in case anyone googles this and finds it - my own experience of this is solved if you perform the rooting without an sd card in the phone that way windows does not mount the phone and get in the way
this is not exactly an answer to this question , but to the exploit itself : i just became fed up after two days of suffering . i used a tool named superoneclick and in 10s it rooted my phone .
try running adb start-server using sudo . on my ubuntu machine that i use as my test environment , i always need to start adb service using root .
i had the same problem ( rom : 34.177.3 . mb525 . retail . en . de ) . the only rooting method that worked was gingerbreak ( http://project89.com/root-defy-without-pc-gingerbreak-200/ )
i also faced that problem . after changing the motherboard it rectified . since it was done during warranty period , i did it free of cost . many peoples suffer this problem and it is clear that it is manufacturing defect .
you need the googleloginservice . apk and googleservicesframework . apk installed in addition to the play store . you can obtain the needed apks out of the google apps package cyanogenmod makes available , or just flash the entire thing . if you want to do the one-at-a-time method , they also have a listing of what all the system apks actually do so you can decide if you want them .
there is a lot more to the google apps than just downloading and installing the apk . google 's services framework and apps ( a . k.a. gapps ) are not part of aosp which is probably where your source comes from , but they are required for play store and other apps to work properly . unfortunately gapps is closed-source , so it is not allowed to re-distribute these portions . however , since your nexus 7 tablet shipped with them , you should be able to easily find all the necessary components in the original image . alternatively , you should be able to find the gapps package for your specific android os version that works on your tablet over at xda-developers forums .
you need to flash the google apps package for your device . head over to goo . im . there will be a guide there on which gapps build to download for a specific android version . flash it through recovery . if you are having lots of fcs with google apps after this , i would suggest you reflash your android build and then gapps immediately after . do not forget to clear cache .
google play books comes pre-installed on nexus 5 , at least here in the netherlends . if you do not have it nor can install it via play store i would guess that it is a country/operator restriction .
if you are familiar with the concepts of read and write permissions on various pc platforms , that is pretty much the same as what is going on here . you are giving the application write access to your " external storage " which could be an sd card , or some storage space that comes with your device . that permission indicates that the application is able to create , modify , or delete any files that reside on the sd card ( or the non-removable storage space that the the os treats most like an sd card ) . so it could download a file from online and manually save it to your sd card . it could generate its own image , text , audio etc . . file and save it to your sd card . it could delete any file on your sd card . it could find a file that already exists on your sd ( even one with nothing to do with the app ) and make changes to it .
each application has a specific storage folder . but , some folders are public , like the pictures , music and ringtones folders . so , basically an application can write/delete files from a public folder and from it is own folder . take a look at this link for further details : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/data/data-storage.html#savingsharedfiles
it means that an application can read/write to the entire contents of your sdcard . even if the application does not have this permission it will still be able to read from the contents of the sdcard . giving it modify/write permissions will allow the application to create , edit , or delete files . 99.9% of the time this is so the application can do things like save data to the sdcard . for example this could be images from wallpaper app , or if the app is used to backup your sms messages for you , or even a podcast app needs to save the mp3 file to the sdcard . there has been some " fuss " lately about ios having access to your pictures and other data on the device . you have to remember that these devices are not phones , they are computers that make phone calls . it is no different if i install an application on windows/linux/osx , the application will have access to every file on the system that i have access to . if you do not trust an application to install it on your pc , you would not install it . you should use the same thoughts with your phone , but keep in mind that you may have even more personal information on the phone then you would on your pc .
3g watchdog keeps separate totals for wi-fi and 3g data use , so there should be no confusion about whether it is from the mobile network allowance ( 3g data ) or some wi-fi hotspot . the watchdog can also be set to disable your 3g connection at some level ( eg 80% ) before you hit your limit . avg ( antivirus ) now includes a data usage monitor , but just warns and does not disable , as far as i know . if i had a limit , i would prefer to have the connection broken in case i started a high traffic application ( eg world wide webcam ) and might be charged for traffic above my allowance ( network i used in 2012 charged around 100 gbp / us$ 150 per extra gb of data , something to avoid ! ) .
assuming that you are using a galaxy ace with android v2.3 ( gingerbread ) , i suggest you to use an application like 3g watchdog or onavo count . but if you are using a android phone with android v4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) or higher there is a built-in option in settings menu called " data usage " .
based on izzy 's suggestion , this is what i have come up with : profile : toggle screen filter primary context : variable set %light secondary context : not in netflix , safe in cloud , etc . task : task Distance: task Screen Filter On: 1. Screen Filter 48.6% Soft-keys On 2. Variable Set Name %ScreenFilterOn To 1  task Screen Filter Off: 1. Screen Filter 100% Soft-keys On 2. Variable Set Name %ScreenFilterOn To 0  i had to fiddle with the value of %lightthreshold a bit . i started out with it set to 30 , but that turned out to be so high that screen filter never activated . with it set to 10 , things seem to be working well for now . i will report back in a couple of days .
i am afraid this is not possible with htc email application . this email app sync the " inbox " folder automatically , but every other folder you have is not synced , the app gets all mail in the folder when you enter that folder to see what is inside . you have the option to use k9mail , a free e-mail client for android which supposedly has support for push mail and sync of multiple folders .
go to the email app select menu then select more then send n receive select download options under download options select ( all ) then go back n check the folders they should sync n you should see your emails .
if i open the mail app , when connected to exchange , i can then go to menu > folders and select a folder to view . it will the grab content from the folder allowing you to view it . if you have your settings configured for all mail then you should see emails in those other folders . my settings for mail are as follows under settings > send and receive : entire mail html as items arrive ( i have time set to an hour before and after my work schedule ) all smaller than 1 mb in order for each individual setting , that is what i have .
i use moxier mail , works much better and worth the money , it syncs all the exchange stuff and even provides access to the gal for contact lookups , plus the widget can display the configured synced folders only . good stuff . plus you can continue to use the pattern unlock .
no . their contact list ( that is synced with the google account ) is based on the gmail contact list . it is a local copy ; so any changes must be made from their side . however , if they synced/merged that gmail contact to your google plus account , and you updated your contact information in google plus , it is still possible for them to know your new number .
yes . on the home screen , hit the option button , then go to preferences > appearance settings > hide icon labels and check the box .
have you tried doing a factory reset ( you will lose all data ) ? steps to do a factory reset are found here .
try 1 clear play store app 's data and cache ( fix for most of the app related issues ) . try 2 1 . remove the google account 2 . reboot 3 . re-enter your google account . takes a couple of minutes .
it could be your data connection is lost . - try to pull out the battery in your phone . - take your sim card out and re-insert it back in . - turn your phone back on and try your download again . this works for my s3 tmo
the only place that i can think of off the top of my head would be the logcat logs . there is an app on the market called alogcat that will show you the full system logs , or you can use a terminal emulator and just run the command ' logcat ' to get the scrolling log output . there is also ddms , available through the android sdk , that will show you the system logs from your phone on the computer as well . honestly , i am not sure if the alarm is something that is reported to the logcat logs or not , but it would definitely be worth checking .
so what ' access denied ' in this case is you do not have the correct permissions to execute the file . this can be solved 2 different ways : use the sudo command ( super user can run any file ) sudo myprogram -options param1 param2 param . . . use chmod o+x filename to let anyone execute the file so basically you need a rooted device to be able to run that file , unless you change the permissions of the file before you transfer it to the device . you can use the chmod command to add the execute permission to the file before you hand it off to the device . this way anyone can execute the file . be warned , adding the execute permission for everyone is a security hole if the program can be used to change the file system in any way . rooting your tablet in this case might actually be safer .
i was able to solve the question : the problem was i couldnot find the driver for the device . did it the manual way by selecting the android adb interface driver . and then used adb push &lt;local&gt; &lt;remote&gt;  to push the file on to sdcard . more references on the same can be found here .
the difference in the filenames reflects the codename for the kernel version . the phone only shows the version number , making things difficult . the good news is that you can use any 2.2 kernel with a 2.2 rom ( or 2.3 with 2.3 , etc . ) . i would just use the newest ( they are alphabetical , so js8 is the newest ) . you can always experiment and see which one gives you the best performance , or hit up the xda forums where people will certainly have discussed it .
try " all apps in play store " xposed mod
it is not possible to limit the download bandwidth via code running on the device . it is up to the sender how fast to send data . all that such an app could do is to throw away packets once they arrive at the device , which is after they have been counted by your carrier . those packets would then have to be resent , being counted again . the effect would be that websites and c . would take longer to load and use more data to do so .
opera mini has options to enable loading images and also to specify the quality of images , if they are loaded . if you are rooted : installing a firewall ( like droidwall ) helps to prevent unwanted apps to access the network . installing an adblocker ( like adaway ) will prevent ads from loading , and in turn reduce network usage .
no , not easily . one of the side-effects of using google services , is that all the google services link together in the back-ground . this can be incredibly useful in some cases ( if i google for a bar 's address on my desktop pc , my phone will later offer me directions and estimated travel time to that bar on a google now card ) . some can be spooky . having said that there are ways around this , the easiest is that just because you have an android phone , does not mean you are limited to using google 's services , one of the strengths of android is all the choices you have : you could get your apps from amazon 's app store , instead of the play store you could sync your mail , contacts and calendar with an imap server , instead of gmail , or you could install yahoo 's apps or microsoft 's apps and use those instead . or alternatively you could create a second google account , add it to your phone and use that account for the apps/services that you had rather keep separate from the apps/services that you use " as you " . have a look through the google-account tag for some hints on how to set up another account and swap apps from using one account to another .
you might also want to look at other free replacements to google apps . the android fork replicant has a list of them , e.g. : playstore : f-droid gmail : k-9 mail google maps : osmand many more listed there .
taking a look at our app2sd tag-wiki , there is a solution to that – but it requires your device to be rooted . simple2ext ( s2e ) offers to move apps , their data , and some cache to the sdcard . alternatively , as cache resides on its own /cache partition , you could also use directorybind to move that to sdcard entirely . again , this requires root .
you should clean cache regularly , a lot of cache can make your device slow , you can use auto cache cleaner free to clean all the cache quickly , you can also schedule an automatic clean up too ! android maintain caches and removes un-needed caches however , i have read in google developers docs that the app should maintain the cache itself and the developer must not rely on android to maintain the cache but some apps does not maintain cache as needed , and so you need to clean them , usually cache should not be more than ~25mb per app , and should not be more than ~75mb in all the device ( however , it depends on the number of apps . . )
i had the same problem with my wife 's phone ( lg g2x p999 ) . unfortunately you are going to have to master reset . . . . if it does not work from the settings , then reset manually ( hold power button and volume down till you see the android guy then let go ) after that your phone will be reset and the downloading issue will stop . read through these steps prior to resetting to ensure you do not lose anything you do not wanna . . . . hope this helped you http://support.t-mobile.com/docs/doc-2521 should be the 5th link down where it says preparing for master reset
i would think that one of the one-ear bluetooth headsets would do this automatically .
perhaps you can install revolutionary , and choose the option to install the clockwork recovery mod , look for a copy of the original froyo rom from somewhere and then use recovery to put it back on your phone ? of course , while you are doing that you could check out cyanogenmod v7.1 and see if that gives you what you need .
that is a pretty well known " feature " . do not worry , your data is backed up there – it only does not restore . and you cannot even really delete it there . so in some way , it is " safe " . . . things you might want to look up in this context : what exactly is synced with google ? underlines what i have said before , and also shows you ways to check what is " synced " google backup : multiple devices using the same account - what happens on restore ? plenty of details on how that " google cloud backup " works ( and sometimes fails ) what info does google backup ? well , the title says it all : ) issue 17354: " automatic restore " rarely works , and then only partially what i already indicated above , and most likely the answer to your current issue . note that this ticket was opened in june , 2011 – and still has the status " new " . one of the comments also includes a possible work-around : here 's what i did that worked . i factory reset the device ( again ) , and then at the very first screen ( where you choose the language ) , i turn it off . i put in a difference sim card , turn it on and then proceed with the normal setup . this worked for my nexus 4 . heise on undeletable wifi passwords ( german ) if you do not believe me about " undeletable backups " , this is my reference . the article is in german , and the publisher ( heise verlag ) is one of the most famous and most trusted sources here in germany , concerning it topics . there are many many more references i could give , but that would be a bit much for here . so a last hint : check the " linked " and " related " question links on the ase q and as i have linked here .
the best way i know is to use an app called tasker . its price is a little steeper than most , but it is very useful once you start playing with it . check out lifehacker to see some other examples of what tasker can do . here are the steps for what you want to do : open tasker select " new " name it " wifi alert " ( or whatever ) select " ok " select " state " select " wifi connected " enter the ssid for your network make sure the " invert " check box is checked select " done " select " new task " name it " disconnect " ( or whatever ) select " ok " select the "+" icon select " alert " select " popup " enter some text ( wifi disconnected or something more ominous ) select " done " select " done " select " apply " you could also make your phone vibrate or play a sound if you prefer . if you are worried you will not see/hear the notification in your pocket , you can also automatically disable wifi until you have the correct credentials . just add another action to the task by going to " net " , selecting " wifi " and setting it to " off " . tasker is great fun to nerd out on and is not nearly as complicated as my numbered list might imply .
the most likely explanation is that the compressed file is corrupt . are you trying to uncompress a rar file , or a standard zip file ? rar extraction is only supported with certain processors . the easiest way to tell , is to try and extract the same zip file on a computer , and see what it says .
try remote web desktop application for android : remote web desktop
i suggest you try this app greenify , if you got rooted phone that is . anyway for general purpose you should check battery usage to find the culprit . and have them removed perhaps . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.oasisfeng.greenifyfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs5vyxnpc2zlbmcuz3jlzw5pznkixq . .
it is tricky to know which ones drain battery life fast . before installing you can check comments to see if there are many complaining of that . after installing , either if you know your phone well enough and see a clear decrease in battery life then it could be the new software if nothing else change , or you can try and check the battery usage statistics .
the idect ihomephone has android . i do not know whether or not it comes with google play however .
motorola also has a device similar to the archos simon mentions , though they do not seem to be available for sale yet , despite clearing fcc approval back in april . binatone also offers such devices , though it appears to only be available in europe there is also android-based voip units , like the panasonic kx-ut670 , though i imagine that is not what you are looking for .
apparently yes . the archos smart home phone is an android phone priced at £130 in the uk : http://www.androidcentral.com/archos-smart-home-phone-now-available-get-android-your-landline although the reviews on amazon uk arent very good : http://www.amazon.co.uk/archos-501809-smart-home-phone/dp/b005h0m8lw binatone ihome phone idect with dect and android technology http://www.amazon.co.uk/binatone-ihome-phone-android-technology/dp/b004ebv1gi currently unavailable ( maybe its that good )
a partial solution is to create a silent notification sound and use it as default , and then set custom notification sounds in each of the apps you use , assuming that the apps allow you to choose your notification sound . most stock sms apps and whatsapp allow this , but the latest version of skype does not .
i have a friend who used ubuntu at work and he used to swear by amarok . it is a powerful music player for linux and unix , macos x and windows with an intuitive interface . it may well help assist you . alternatively for full collaboration between ubuntu and android devices , checkout ubuntu for android .
spotify allows you to sync your local files to a mobile device ( no subscription required ) . of course this requires the desktop client installed on a computer and the app installed on a mobile device . once your local files are downloaded to the device , you can listen to them whenever and wherever you want . it also does not require a data connection ( after downloading ) . *note : the later versions of android client have had issues with this . give it a shot anyway ! the only workarounds are to install an older version of the spotify app and then download your playlist .
from a gnu/linux-based os , you can use heimdall , an open-source alternative to odin which is proported to match odin feature-for-feature while also being more reliable . otherwise , you can follow any of the many tutorials for installing a new android rom . i will provide a bit more information to help you start your journey : if you want a custom rom like cyanogenmod or any of the dozens which are available in precompiled packages for specific devices , then you will need to use heimdall to flash a custom recovery image ( twrp or clockworkmod recovery ) . the zipped rom images are flashable through these recovery modes . if you want stock , samsung android/touchwiz then you can use heimdall to flash over the entire android image from samsung . ( google around to find the one for your model ) if you want to compile android yourself , you will likely want a custom recovery image ( twrp or clockworkmod recovery ) and you can download the android source code or if you want to modify existing custom roms , you can download their respective source and compile it yourself . you had need to hunt down some in-depth android compiling tutorials in order to do this , as it is not a simple process . note : before flashing anything to your device , make sure that you match the model numbers !
look on the charger for where it says " output " . it'll say 5v , 0.5a or similar .
tethering on three 's ( or most other uk telco providers ) unlimited plans is against their terms and conditions . you will have to switch to a plan that allows tethering or use an add-on . see their tethering info page for more information . also see their terms and conditions however some phones will still allow you to tether , i am surprised it does not work on the gs2 . did you buy it from three ? so the tether function still works , but when you do tether a laptop , they send you a message ? generally they detect mobile usage that comes from pcs and laptops and then they ban you . but tethering to other mobile devices seem to work , and also if you keep your data usage low , they may not bother . another possible work-around is to try and spoof the user agent and trick three into thinking that the data is being sent by a mobile device . however , this is not fool-proof and they may still be able to detect , for example downloading a windows update . just to be clear , i would still recommend you buy an addon or join a different plan which allows tethering . if you think the terms and conditions are unfair , file a complaint or switch telcos . update : information on three 's the one plan sim plans with all-you-can-eat data do not allow tethering ( except for the one plan ) . if you would like to tether , you will need to choose a pay monthly plan and / or an add-on that does allow tethering . so it is possible to get the one plan , for unlimited data and tethering . and from tethering explained if your smartphone plan includes all you can eat data , then this is for data consumption actually on your smartphone . it does not include using your smartphone as a modem to connect other devices such as laptops and tablets – also known as “tethering” . tethering is included in ( i ) the one plan ; ( ii ) the one plan sim only ; or ( iii ) by purchasing an ultimate internet plan with the tethering add on . the add-on can be purchased via my3 on your handset and is also available to customers on our talk and text plans . see their pay monthly plans
just reset your phone . if the issue persists , call them .
i have solved the problem with this app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tetherunlocker be careful to have only one apn for mobile traffic and remove the apn for tethering traffic .
okay , i figured out how to set the good ol ' voice commands app as the default voice commands interface . it has to be done while not connected to a hands free device via bluetooth . tap into the phone app tap the phone app 's microphone icon in my case a prompt appeared asking me to select the default app to handle voice commands . thereafter , it is used the correct voice commands app when connected via bluetooth . for those who wanted to know how to disable google now , here 's how it is done : swipe up from the home icon to activate google now scroll all the way to the bottom tap the overflow menu ( three vertical dot icon ) tap settings tap google now tap the off/on switch in the upper-right to disable google now
the method above works , or did for me -- disable google , but i found out later that while it still lets google work as a search engine ( or does for me ) , it killed maps which means you can not use navigation . if you want to re-enable google , follow the same steps : setting , apps , all , then scroll to the bottom and you will find the disabled google . re-enable and maps works but you are back to the horrible google voice dialer . it is either/or ( good voice dial or maps/nav ) until google fixes the operating system .
i agree the google voice dialer is horrible ! i was able to restore the android voice commands on my droid razr maxx by doing the following : go to manage apps , then swipe over to all apps . look for google search then disable it . this is probably all you need to do , but i went about it probably the wrong way by also doing the following . in manage apps , click on your menu button and reset app preferences . ihe google search , click the " clear data " button . the next time i pressed my bluetooth call button , it asked if i want to complete it with my motospeak or voice commands , either always or just once . i selected always it works again !
i have a motorola droid , was getting great voice dialing using my bt voyager pro via the " voice commands " app ( same as mic icon ) but after the android 4.2 update , google voice was activated and was a disaster . to fix this i went to Settings &gt; Apps&gt; Google search and deactivated it . this fixed my voice dialing problem ( went back to " voice commands" ) but the search ( magnifying glass icon ) on my phone went dead . i then went to the android store and downloaded/installed the new " google search " app . when i used voice dialing for the first time , it gave me the option of either using voice commands ( mic icon ) or google voice ( i think a read icon ) . i chose the first one and now it works as before . the search button is also working as intended . the above may sound trivial , but when one is driving and wants to make a call , having to hold your phone to type the number after 5 failed attempts to voice dial is the last thing you want to do .
you can create an application for any device that runs the android os , this is not restricted to specific device manufacturers . restrictions in the execution are caused mainly because of the version of the android os that runs on the device ( the differtent api 's ) or the difference in hardware capabilities between devices . if you are planning to make an application you should by all means have some programming experience . with the use of some very helpful software development tools you could create personal application like suggested . be sure to check out the documentation provided on androids official website to get a solid introduction on this topic .
while any android device can be programmed , there are some caveats you should be aware of . first , what features are available to you as a developer depend very much on what version of android is installed on your tablet . very importantly , a tablet that is running a version of android below 3.0 honeycomb ( or ideally 4.0 ice cream sandwich ) will not have any of android 's tablet-specific features accessible to it . second , an app you develop will not necessarily run on all android devices ( or even all android tablets ) . obviously tablets that run a version of android lower than what you have targeted with your app will not run it ( though there are ways to make such apps run with some features missing ) . but also , android device manufacturers often add a layer on top of android ( for example , samsung adds a layer called touchwiz and htc adds sense ) . if your app uses any of these added features , it will not run on devices that do not have it . lastly , i do not know where you are , but in india , where i live , there are a ton of cheap unlicensed android tablets . if you buy one of these , all bets are off , since these manufacturers have not committed to rigourously testing their devices for full compatibility , which is one of the conditions required to be an android licensee . in general , stuff will probably work on these tablets ( provided the above criteria are met ) , but you can not count on it . since these tablets do not have access to the google play store , so you are going to have to sideload any apps you install on them . despite these exceptions , the majority of applications will run flawlessly on most android devices . the android development tools are pretty good at warning you about api incompatibilities and it is pretty difficult to accidentally use a device/manufacturer specific api .
i believe the basic answer is no . obviously it can not be done with applock since all the settings are accessed through the same app , but further than that you would have to somehow determine what the settings app was doing and prevent it . this would be very difficult , and impossible without root . i think the settings app must be open-source , however , given that manufacturers can customize it . you could possibly modify it to lock out the application settings unless you enter a password , or something . that is beyond the scope of this site , however . another alternative is widgets that alter the settings directly . i am sure you can get a widget that would allow you to edit the brightness and that sort of thing without going through the settings app . i am not exactly sure how widgets like this work , however ; it is possible they might call into the settings app , which would prevent this . in that last case , it might also be possible to set up something like applocker that allows settings to run if it is triggered by a " privileged " application . you could make the brightness widget privileged , so that the settings app can make the brightness change when requested to , but everything else would still be protected . i assume applocker can not do this , but it might not be hard to develop ( again , out of the scope of this site ) . i know this is kind of vague , but hopefully it provides some sort of help .
after reading a bit this seems to be a pretty common issue with folks who are running skyraider on their devices . i do not know exactly what they are talking about , but apparently your radio needs to be the right version in order for your wifi to act properly . this thread over at incredibleforum looks like it might be where you need to start .
i recommend you to use a vpn client to mask your original ip and circumvent lockout from youtube . vpn clients i personally use are : hotspot shield droid vpn one click vpn all of it are free but with some downsides . hotspot shield gives you a us ip but will put small ads when you are browsing . droidvpn free version is limited to 100mb a day and requires to registration . one click vpn free has no ads and no limit , but you cannot choose your preferred country ip , it will be randomly chosen .
as described in configuring adb for nexus 4 on ubuntu 11.10 , under linux it is important to be listed in either ~/.android/adb_usb.ini ( user based ) or /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules . syntax for both files differs : while in the first case it is sufficient to simply add the vendor id ( echo 0x18d1 &gt;&gt; ~/.android/adb_usb.ini for a nexus 4 ) , the entry for the udev rule is a bit more complex . details can be found in the linked question ( or rather its answers ) . im krlmlr 's case , it was not an " either-or " , but seemingly both parts were needed ( i never had that before , and i never even used the adb_usb.ini -- but that does not mean there are no such exceptions ) . by adding the device in both places ( which cannot hurt anyway ) , the device finally showed up . two additional remarks : after changing the udev rules , the udev service needs to be restarted to accept the changes . on ubuntu , this can be done via sudo service udev restart ( alternatively , you can simply force udev to reload its rules using udevadm control --reload-rules ) . if your device is still not detected , it most likely was plugged in while you did the changes ; you need to disconnect and reconnect the usb cable then . of course , usb debugging must be enabled in your device : ) example by krlmlr based on the following output of lsusb for the android device in question : Bus 002 Device 009: ID 2207:0010  it was necessary to create /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules as root with the following contents : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", ATTR{idVendor}=="2207", ATTR{idProduct}=="0010", MODE="0660", GROUP="plugdev"  and to create ~/.android/adb_usb.ini with the following contents : 0x2207  the first is required to allow regular users ( that belong to the group plugdev ) to access the device . note the permission mask 0660 instead of the frequently seen 0666 which is weaker from a point of view of security ( the latter allows " world " access , while the former only allows " user and group " access ) . the second is required so that adb attempts to talk to the device in the first place . after that : sudo chmod a+r /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules sudo udevadm control --reload-rules adb kill-server  and unplug+plug your android device . then , adb devices  finally showed the android device . remark by izzy : for my lg optimus 4x hd , it was sufficient to add one line to /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules: SUBSYSTEMS=="usb", ATTRS{idVendor}=="1004", ATTRS{idProduct}=="61a6", MODE="0666" GROUP="androiddev", SYMLINK+="android%n"  maybe the SYMLINK option makes the difference that i did not need the extra entry in ~/.android/adb_usb.ini .
try to edit adb_usb . ini and add your device id you can find it by going to the device manager find the " android adb interface " double click on it go to the details tab , and on the " property " drop down menu select " hardware ids " on the box below it labeled " values " you should see something like " usb\vid_2207 and pid_0010 and mi_01" the numbers maybe different based on your device vendor id , for example my vendor id is "2207" no open the adb_usb . ini located on the folders below and add your device id in hex format for example my device id is "2207" i will put it there as "0x2207" it is usually located in xp : \documents and settings . android\ windows 7: \users . android\ windows 7: \users . android\ but if the folder doesnt exist try to create it by using cmd . and if the file adb_usb . ini also doesnt exist you can create it using notepad and only pasting only your device id and save it on the . android folder .
izzy’s answer is misleading . two unrelated things were mixed up ( the vendor id list in adb on one side and the permission setup in linux on the other side ) . 1 ) devices considered by adb : adb has a hard-coded list of usb vendor ids it tries . e.g. htc mobile phones use 0xbb4 , which is listed ( source file usb_vendors . c ) , while 0x2207 is not . the only way to add to this list ( without patching the source ) is to put vendor ids in the file $HOME/.android/adb_usb.ini , line by line . ( home is set up right ? ) no special cable is needed . 2 ) permission setup for non-root access : the udev-fiddling is to give user-access to e.g. /dev/bus/usb/002/009 ( bus number/device number change ; see lsusb for current values ) . the details of this are not relevant to the original poster’s question , as he ran adb as root .
if you have root , i have created an app , appshare , that will do what you want . paid apps will most likely require you to add the google account that you purchased the app with to the secondary ( 'callum' ) account or else they will probably fail the licence check . this may vary from app to app though . you will have no problems with free apps though , and you should even be able to disable system apps such as gmail etc . to prevent kids messing with anything you do not want them to touch ! without root , i think the only way to do this is add your play account on the secondary account and add some sort of pin protection . although this means that your emails could be accessed on the second account , unless you then remove it after installing the desired app ( which will be a pain everytime ! ) .
as far as i know : not at all . each user account is strictly separated from another and there is no shared folder or app sharing concept at the moment . i have not checked your specific question in detail , however each user has their strictly separated userdata partition where everything is stored ( even their media , on nexus devices ) and cannot access any other 's data residing in their userdata section , which includes user installed apps ( they are in /data/app/ ) .
you can log into your play store account on the other profiles . ( make sure to set a purchase pin if it is on a kids account . ) that way they will have access to any apps you purchase .
as far as i know , the 3.2 update on the a500 has not been rooted ( some discussion here ) . there is one xda thread where someone has described a method of downgrading so you can root , but nothing that lets you root 3.2 in and of itself . if you want to have root access then i would suggest rooting the shipped version , then manually upgrading to a pre-rooted version of the latest ota update .
you will need to use odin . this blog has a guide for how to flash 2.1 . to summarize you put your phone in download mode , connect it to your pc , load the firmware into the appropriate field ( s ) in odin and hit start . the site has a link to firmware but if it does not work try samfirmware . com .
rather than a notifier and managing all of this yourself , had you thought about using a dynamic dns client ? this would allow you to always use the same name to contact your phone over the internet ( or even a local lan ) and the 3rd party would manage the problems with changing ip addresses for you . there are a number of dynamic dns clients on the market , i have not tried any , but it is a pretty common solution for machines that change ip , so i can not see why there would be a problem .
it seems that this behavior is present in all recent chinese roms from huawei and there is no way to disable it . however , i found a workaround for it ; the message only popsup if you have wifi and data enabled and you lose wifi connectivity . then your phone will ask if it is allowed to switch from wifi to data . so , if you make sure wifi is disabled before switching to data , it will not ask this question . to do so manually , takes a lot of time . luckily there is an app that can automate this task for you . here 's how : install the app ' llama ' from the market ( free ) and create these two events : the 1 second delay is necessary , else it does not work properly . what it does : switch off wifi as soon wifi disconnects from your wifi network and then enables data . this way , it does not show the popup and ' automatically ' switch to data . do not forget to manually enable wifi again if you are in reach again of your wifi network . if you want llama to automatically turn back wifi on as soon you get home/in reach of your wifi , you have to let it learn your location . read the help/documentention on how to do so . it is pretty easy to do : ) this ' fix ' works for me 9 out 10 times . give it a try , i hope it helps you .
wifi pppoe by cnddu is an app that allows you to make a pppoe connection from your phone over a wireless connection : . . . main purpose is for user to make pppoe connection via wifi , e.g. dialing through adsl modem with user name and password provided by some internet isps . this app makes the android devices be able to connect to internet directly via pppoe dialing through wifi , and no need for another wifi router any more . note that a rooted phone with busybox installed is required to use this app . there are also a number of other similar apps available in the play store now , some free , some not . they all currently seem to require a rooted phone . ( answer rescued from deletions )
you could use http://www.junefabrics.com/android/download.php . you need to install the app on your phone and on your laptop . works with windows .
it does not wipe the os ( the system partition ) , only the user data . it is a precaution so that an attacker can not install a new os to get around android 's security protections on your data . see why does unlocking the bootloader wipe phone ? for more details on why . when you first boot the device after unlocking the bootloader , if you do not flash a new os right away , it'll go into the first-time setup wizard ( where it asks you to sign into or create a google account ) .
when unlocking your bootloader it wipes the tablet , so any data you have on it will be erased . so do a backup before doing anything . unlocking the boot loader will not wipeout the os , that is only done if you install another rom . rooting the nexus 7 is probably the easiest device to do it on . here are some links that i have used in the past to accomplish that . the xda forum : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1766475 the nexustoolkit download : http://www.wugfresh.com/nrt/ read both thoroughly , everything is explained in an easy to understand way . the xda forum is a great source of invaluable information . the nexus toolkit is very concise , with an intuitive ui , that runs on your pc . this will unlock the boot loader , install ( flash ) recovery , install your boot . img ( kernel ) , and install rom . there is a vast amount of other features , but you will find them out when using the toolkit .
yes , you can move any apps that do not normally allow it , including system apps , if you have root . note that most apps that does not allow moving usually do not allow it for a good reason , so if you force move you may get crashes and other stability issues . you need an app2sd application that uses root , like this : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.droidsail.dsapp2sd
applications that came installed with the system usually do not allow moving to the sd card ( some may have good reasons ) . you can deal with this as follows ( following this guide ) : adb shell , then su - to get root access ( you will need to have this set up separately using something like superuser ) pm uninstall -k followed by the package name then install the application from the market , in which case you should be able to move it to the sd card .
i have found it ! pinch with two fingers on the home page , to enter the edit pages mode , then move them around .
check that the following setting is ticked : settings-> wireless and networks-> mobile networks-> data enabled also verify that the access point name settings are correct and the correct access point is chosen . you should be able to find the details of what it should be on the vodafone website . the settings are at : settings-> wireless and networks-> mobile networks-> access point names
search for samba apps some of them allow you to select share folder
you can not directly mount the internal storage . you need to be rooted to view it on your phone , or you can use adb pull from the android sdk tools to copy it off the device .
as izzy pointed out in the comments , greenify might be what you are looking for . it includes an option ( i suspect that this is only available for paid version users ) to consolidate all app 's sync actions . if several apps have sync tasks , greenify will " collect " all those tasks and then wake the phone periodically and run all those tasks at once . this is exactly what you are looking for , no ?
finally got solution after 2 days of headache . problem is my usb data cable . i have got original samsung 's usb data cable with phone but unfortunately it is not working . though charging can done via this cable . i have tries few chinese cables also but problem remains there . but as soon as i use my friend 's original samsung cable it working like a charm . so any of you have this problem first thing to do is check from another usb cable . and importantly go for oem 's original cable .
looks like the icon for the " silent " or " vibrate " mode . these icons are different depending on the skin manufacturers/carriers put on their phone , but those wavy lines usually represent vibration .
the third table in this page mentions " vibrate": https://motorola-global-portal.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/48504/~/droid-x---phone-status-%26-notifications even though the first table clearly depicts a different icon for the vibration mode , although with the same zigzag pattern . the pattern is also the same as the icon i have for vibration mode on my sgs : cheers !
poking around on google there are a lot of other folks with this problem ( mac address is re-generated on wifi/phone resets ) . it seems to mostly be motorola hardware . normally a mac address is burned into the wifi device . so it seems very , very odd to generate mac addresses on the fly like this . too much software ( technically incorrectly ) relies on mac addresses as a stable identifier for an endpoint , so this seems likely to cause more problems than it fixes . . . here 's a post about the problem from 2010: https://supportforums.motorola.com/thread/38758 the only useful recommendation i saw on the internet was the obtuse ' wifi fixer ' app , that is known to work around some problems on early android wifi handsets . i saw no concrete evidence that it ' fixes ' this problem . alternatively , you could look into the tools for mac spoofing ( afaict , these all require a rooted phone ) . then just " spoof " a stable address all the time . here 's a highly manual method : http://blog.thecodecracker.com/hacks/spoof-mac-address-in-android/
do the mac addresses repeat , or are they new randomly generated ones every time ? it sounds like whatever rom you are using has mac spoofing enabled by default .
it sounds like you have hard-bricked your phone . the only thing you can do to get it back is send it in to get it jtagged , or jtag it yourself . the jtagging process is quite complex and unless you have a lot of experience in hardware hacking , you probably should just send it in to have someone else do it right . i had a similar situation to the one you are in : is there a way to restore my samsung galaxy s3 ( sch-i747 ) ? which ultimately led to : how risky ( if all ) is it to return a rooted android device under &#39 ; warranty&#39 ; i returned my phone to at and t under warranty and they just send me a new one . i did a lot of research on at and t and samsung to see their policies on returned phones . basically after searching the internet for a couple of days i had concluded that the general consensus is this : should you return a bricked phone that you were trying to root ? no , it is a breach of the warranty and the warranty is null and void will i get caught if i try to return a phone that i bricked while trying to root it ? highly unlikely . if your device is not under warranty , then you have to send it in to get jtagged . in order for your phone to get jtagged , they have to open it up and do all sorts of stuff to it . if your warranty is still in effect , i would highly recommend going that route first .
you can place . m3u files anywhere on sdcard which is under reach of media scanner . playlist will be displayed in music player once media scanner will complete scanning sdcard . path of system-created playlists ( playlists are common to all music players ) : /data/data/com.android.providers.media/databases/external-xxxxxxx.db where xxxxxxxx are random numbers . path can be slightly different based on android versions and devices . if you want to backup your playlists , i would recommend you to use titanium backup .
i have faced the same issue on my device . it was 2 years or so when i started experiencing the problem . the battery was draining inside 3 hours , even when the phone was in stand by , flight mode . when i checked my battery status  *#*#4636#*#  the battery health was shown good . i checked the battery operating voltage during the same period and the discharge voltage using a mulimeter . the was a bit higher than expected and operating range , meaning the battery was short . under the circumstance , i changed my battery . inside 3 months i experinced the same problem again . the issue was traced out to the charger , which was sourcing by battery with a higher than expected voltage continously causing damage to the battery . proper solution , 1 . change the battery , it would have already been short by now . 2 . check the charger , ( i dont know to check , i approched a specialist for this ) , get it replaced if necessary . now my phone is about 3 year old with still awesome battery performance . only , issue at present is touch wiz ram hog , which wats up 80% of my ram even on first booth and wiping cache memory and disabling prebuilt apps which i dont use .
was the battery life decrease sudden , or has it been getting noticeably worse recently ? if so , might be time to get a new battery for your device . regarding the restart , are there any apps that you have installed recently that might have a bug or something leading to restarts ? when a phone reaches that age , i would personally root it and flash something like cm or slimbean , to get some solid battery life back out of the device ( i have personally flashed chameleonos on my s2 to get the best of both customization and battery ) .
i use jorte to add events to my google calendar linked accout without problems and without any specific setting tuning .
you can always go to the wi-fi settings menu where you connect to wireless networks and see if you are connected . you should see below the ssid the word " connected " if that is the case .
if you are connected with wifi , your mobile connection is automatically disabled .
there is not a specific place that it shows , but the wifi connection will take priority over the cellular data . if you wanted , you could perform a speedtest to check your service provider , but that should not be necessary . also , if you are worried about updates and whatnot using your cellular , the downloads will initiate on wifi ( if you have that option ) but they will continue on cellular if you lose the signal .
i have written a tutorial on how to get mtp devices recognized under ubuntu . if you have already installed mtptools and added the udev rule , you still need to create a static mount point for your device and let mtp know that is where it lives . make sure you have restarted either your computer or the udev service since you added the udev rule ( sudo service udev restart ) , and then sudo mkdir /media/mtpdevice ( call the directory whatever you like ) sudo chmod 775 /media/mtpdevice sudo mtpfs -o allow_other /media/mtpdevice attach your phone ( make sure it is unlocked , if you have a pin or swipe pattern ) . you should then be able to see both the internal and external cards . note that you will not be able to open files directly from the cards , you will need to copy them locally first .
as suggested by @logos this works ( take care of using sudo ) : sudo mtpfs -o allow_other /media/MTPdevice  however mtpfs is very unstable on this phone so i tried go-mtpfs and i found out it works better . you can install go-mtpfs using the info provided in their site the command to mount the phone is very similar ( change the bin path according to yours ) : sudo /usr/lib/go/bin/go-mtpfs /media/MTPdevice/  automount once you are able to mount the device with the above command you can make the phone automount : you only have to add a couple of rules to udev . you will need those info : id_model ( mine is tcl_s950 ) id_model_id ( mine is 0167 ) installation path of go-mtpfs ( mine is /usr/lib/go/bin/go-mtpfs ) you can find those info running this command in a terminaludevadm monitor --environment --udev and plug/unplug your phone . now you can create/edit an udev rules /etc/udev/rules.d/99-android.rules and add these lines ( change id_model and id_model_id with yours ) : at this point everything should work , check this thread for more details : source
actually , the easiest way is to modify /usr/lib/udev/rules . d/69-libmtp . rules adding your product id as it is likely that it already contains your vendor id , so create a new line for your device with your vid and pid , restart udev and it works !
assuming you are using a ubuntu 12.04 or 12.10 based distro ( v13 and up supports this natively ) and that gvfs-mtp is already installed : add the backport repository for mtp support in gvfs : sudo add-apt-repository ppa:langdalepl/gvfs-mtp sudo apt-get update  upgrade the system , you should see many gvfs packages in the list : sudo apt-get upgrade  reboot . source : http://blog.sukria.net/2013/03/09/support-for-nexus-4-in-ubuntu-12-10/
this may sound obvious , but have you enabled usb debugging on your phone ?
i am pretty sure there is only one model of the nexus 4 . it should work with no problems . on the off chance that there are problems , there were also different radio images released for different areas . almost all of them ( if not all ) can be found over here , on xda developers . the version for india is 0.54 . if needed , these images can be flashed using fastboot or possibly using a custom-recovery . as long as your carrier in india uses a frequency that the nexus 4 supports , the hardware itself is not locked to any geographical location . from gsmarena : 2g networks : gsm 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3g networks : hsdpa 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100 hsdpa 900 / 2100
try betterbatterystats or gsam battery monitor pro . both apps can provide you information on which apps/processes/services are initiating wakelocks , how many times they are doing it and how long they are keeping the device from going into a deep sleep . this may help you identify if it is an app or a system process that is going crazy and waking your phone when it should be idle . they both have free versions but i have only used the pro version so i am not sure if the free versions will accomplish the same thing .
try uninstalling some applications . the same thing happened to me and i fixed it by uninstalling my most recently installed app .
this happened to me , samsung galaxy s3 , was killing the battery . after chasing my tail wrt applications , i found a post about the power connector on the bottom of the phone . if it gets slightly bent down it will cause a problem ( short against something i assume ) and cause the screen to intermittently become active . take a non-conductive ( not metal ) thin piece of something and very gently move the power connector so it is centered in the hole where it sits . then try hooking up the power charger ; it is easy to move it too much , so the it can not plug in . the idea is to center the connector in the hole . if this looks beyond you , find your nearest friendly geek . fixes the problem immediately .
i am one of responsible developer of uzumapps . we developed app called " wakelock detector" ( wld ) for showing statistics of wakelock usage . it is an alternative app for betterbatterystats or gsam monitor . if your screen lightens up randomly , then i think some app is holding " full_wake_lock " with acquire_causes_wakeup flag , check : powermanager our app shows " full_wake_lock " statistics also , which will help you to determine the suspicious app . most probably it will be the currently running process . wld at googleplay
if you have a fastboot-enabled bootloader version ( such as the old 0.76.0000 engineering hboot in the evo 's case ) you can use that to flash it from a pc via usb . reboot into your bootloader , then select the " fastboot " option from the boot menu ( if it has one , it may start up fastboot automatically ) . once it is ready , go to your pc 's shell and execute : fastboot flash recovery /path/to/recovery.img  you should also be able to use the flash_image binary if your rom has it ( or you install it from xda ) . copy the recovery . img over to your device somewhere then do the following : C:&gt; adb shell $ su # flash_image recovery /path/to/recovery.img 
one way is to open rom manager and choose " flash clockworkmod recovery " . select your device when it prompts and wait for it to download the latest ( non-touch ) recovery . using a file browser , go to /sdcard/clockworkmod/download/&lt;site&gt;/recoveries and paste your . img there . &lt;site&gt; may be mirror . kanged .netor something else , just check the folders till you find an img file with the current date . rename the existing . img to something else and rename yours to the exact same name as the existing file was named . for example , rename recovery.clockwork-3.0.0.0-evo.img to bak.img and then name your file recovery.clockwork-3.0.0.0-evo.img . then return to rom manager and flash the recovery normally . another method is to use fastboot from your pc . put your device into fastboot mode and then : fastboot flash recovery &lt;path/to/your-recovery.img&gt;  another is to use a terminal on your device : /data/data/com.koushikdutta.rommanager/files/flash_image &lt;path/to/your-recovery.img&gt;  ( you can move flash_image somewhere more manageable first , just make sure it has execute permissions . )
i have a samsung galaxy nexus running ics 4.0.4 . when i navigate to the settings-> accounts and synchronization screen and select an account ( specifically the account i use for google talk and the google play store ) those two apps are not present in the list of apps that can be enabled / disabled for background synchronization . if these apps are performing background synchronization , it is no longer a user settable option to disable it .
yes , background data is always enabled since ice cream sandwich . see the note in the documentation for android.net.ConnectivityManager.getBackgroundDataSetting(): as of ICE_CREAM_SANDWICH , availability of background data depends on several combined factors , and this method will always return true . instead , when background data is unavailable , getActiveNetworkInfo() will now appear disconnected . vending ( the internal name for the android market , in fact com.android.vending ) uses C2DM to receive install requests ( take a look at its application manifest ; even on ics , it still has c2dm receivers ) . afaik , c2dm only works when background data is available . some time ago , i read a blog post somewhere ( which unfortunately i am not finding right now ) explaining how the android market ( the post was from before it was renamed ) worked . iirc , even when you asked to install an application directly on your device ( instead of indirectly via the https://market.android.com/ web site ) , all it did was to send a request to the google servers , which then sent your device ( via c2dm ) an install request . this explains why vending needs background data&mdash ; it cannot do anything without being able to receive requests via c2dm from the google servers . i do not know about google talk , but from what i have heard , it has used c2dm since before c2dm was available to the public . again , this would explain why it needs background data to work . afaik , background sync is completely separate from background data , other than the fact that obviously it cannot sync in the background if background data is disabled , and the fact that you could change it from within the sync screen in the settings application .
what happens is this , depending on the settings within sms app , ( really its actually mms app ) , ' delete old messages ' option delete old messages as limits are reached , if that was checked , then once it hits the threshold of 200 texts , android will wipe them , to make room for more incoming messages . now , if that was not checked , android does nothing but . . . it will slow down the handset to a crawl because it is loaded down with say , hundreds of messages , because android is keeping track of it . if you really care about your sms , it might be best to use sms backup restore and just back them up periodically .
looking at this odin 3 , do not forget , there are variant versions of odin in respect to different samsung devices . but this particular one is what is used to flash , from my experience , samsung galaxy 5 and samsung galaxy tablet p1010t . in short , for odin to operate , there can be . bin , or . tar or even . tar . md5 files associated with a rom for flashing . odin knows how to handle them in the appropriate manner . ( have not seen . bin used , its more of the . tar . md5 which is a tar file with md5 check-sums contained in the archive , in which odin will automatically verify each file within it ) re-partition does what it says - re-partitions the layout . auto reboot and f . reset time - when the flash is done , auto reboot and reset the timer of the flashing when done . usually can leave those two checked . pit - this is a file that describes the layout of the partitions involved , this will be very specific to the device in question , use the wrong pit file for the device , and its . . . well . . . face the consequence ! pda - an all in one archive that contains the . img ' s md5 sum , boot , recovery , system , userdata , cache and movinand . those . img 's are different to the normal ones that is out there , they use samsung 's rfs ( not sure what r means , but its * f *ile * s *ystem and is proprietary to samsung ) - this is optional , the clue would be in the name of the file - if it contains pda in it , use it , if not , uncheck this and follow on , if using this to flash the device . . . phone - when flashing a rom for samsung device , depending on the model , there will be usually , a file similar to this xxxx-revnn-all-low-yyyyy . tar . md5 again , this will be an all in one archive as explained for the pda , the distinction and big clue , is the former is for tablets , the other is for smartphones ( that is what have played with - just doubly check and make sure this is correct , have a wifi-only tablet here , and it uses the phone when flashing - o_o ) . csc - this is some country code used for the region to flash the rom against , xe is europe , au is australia , and so on , this part can throw you off , its more then for tracking what region this is based of , in terms of localization and language support . and more importantly , for kies to recognize the region and to determine if there is firmware update available . it is quite possible to have a csc that can be limited to one country . another aspect of the phone and csc is , some would expect the name of the file for the phone to be near same as csc , for example , p1010xwkc1 is the froyo firmware , but does not have a pda in the filename . . . just to highlight that firmware for samsung devices can be inconsistent at times . so with that in mind , here 's the general guidelines for flashing a rom , re-partition - check that auto reboot and f . reset time are both checked . pit - mandatory , ensure you have the right file for your device . if its smartphone , ensure phone is selected and the appropriate file is picked from the file browser . if it is non-smartphone , ensure pda is selected and the appropriate file is picked from the file browser . csc - ensure you have the right region for this . before doing any flashing business on samsung , ensure it is in download mode , and away you go , odin will extract the archives and performs check-sum first to ensure integrity of the files within the archive and start , ambiguously , uploading to device , or from device 's viewpoint downloading ! if there is a kernel update , similar principle to flashing rom , but with one notable exception - un-check the re-partition , specify the kernel file which would go in under pda or phone as well , that depends ! omit the csc as its not really used for the kernel flashing . phew , this odin can be confusing , armed with inconsistent filenames so to emphasize , double-check around first before doing anything with odin . in all fairness though , odin is actually a lot more safer than kies from the flashing business viewpoint , be prudent and happy flashing : )
yeah it would certainly shorten your battery 's life . every battery has a maximum number of charge-discharge cycles . so when the phone is tethered via usb , battery is charging . the more frequently you charge your battery , the more you shorten its life . this applies not only to tethering/data transfer , but also to the habit of many of charging phones for a short duration , then again discharging it , then again charging it . this drastically reduces the battery 's lifespan . the best habit is , charge the phone to 100% . then use it till its down to 15-20% . this is the best time when you should plug in your device . mind that discharging to 0% also has adverse effects on backup of a battery . so imo bluetooth tethering is the best solution for 3g speeds . . it is available since ics . if you want to utilize full 4g speeds , prefer wifi tethering . while tethering , when the phone 's battery comes down below 20% , consider charging it . it is always handy to carry a spare battery with your droid .
no . there is no relation between those two things . if you connect your phone via the usb it gets charged . it does not matter if you do not use the usb connection at all or transfer files or tether your data connection or do any other stuff while it is connected . the charging circuit does not even know that it is connected via usb and that there is data flowing . it just happily charges the phone with the power supplied via usb . side note : the battery ( liion ) degrades over time , if you use it or not . there are however differences in the speed of degradation , depending on usage , storage temperature and charging state ( best is around 60-70% charged as far as i know ) . this is however the usual degradation which you asked not to factor in . and this degradation definitely does not change if you tether or not .
playing while charging does not damage the battery or phone directly . the only problem is that : battery gets warmer when is charging , and phone also gets hot when playing . so , when you play while charging , phone gets too hot and we know that battery life would be affected when it works in very hot conditions . sources to read more : http://batteryuniversity.com/learn/article/how_heat_and_harsh_loading_reduces_battery_life http://batteryuniversity.com/learn/article/how_to_prolong_lithium_based_batteries
when your phone gets to 100% battery , unplug it and play games until it reaches 5% battery life remaining . then stop playing and wait for the battery to cool . then charge your phone again until it reaches 100% .
the stackexchange-url conditions do not apply globally . it depend on hardware to hardware but it is true that using the phone for hours while charging can do damage in a way or other . like micromax tablets get easily heated up while charging if under use while same dont happens after a long with my sony phone . to keep a long battery like follow the way as per above post .
you probably can not copy and paste the files , because the blank sd card does not have the same partition structure and filesystem flags . what you can do , though , is clone the original sd card onto the blank one . note : the new sd card must be the same size ( or larger ) for this to work . these instructions will make an exact copy , including partition structures , partition flags , and even disk fragmentation . it is an exact bit-for-bit copy . warning : this could mess up your computer . if you put in the wrong parameter for the of= part of the dd command , you could completely overwrite your main hard drive . make sure you triple-check the destination mountpoint . especially if you think the mountpoint is /dev/sda option 1: mount both cards at the same time if you can mount both sd cards at the same time , you can save a step and some time . insert the original sd card on your computer and find out the mountpoint of the original sd card . open up the Disks application click on your sd card in the list on the left . at the top right , just below the name of the sd card , it will list the mountpoint . it will look something like /dev/sdc or /dev/mmcblk0 or similar . insert the blank/target sd card on your computer and find its mountpoint ( using the same steps ) open a terminal ( aka command line ) run the following command , but replace original_mount with the mountpoint you found , and also replace the target_mount with the mountpoint of the blank card . <code> sudo dd if= original_mount bs=128m of= target_mount </code> the command will not show any progress until it is finished , and it could take up to an hour , depending on the maximum size of the original sd card ( a 1gb will not take that long , but a 64gb might ) . option 2: mount one card at a time if you only have one sd card reader , you will have to make an image of the original sd card , then swap the cards and write that image to the new sd card . insert the original sd card on your computer and find out the mountpoint of the original sd card . open up the Disks application click on your sd card in the list on the left . at the top right , just below the name of the sd card , it will list the mountpoint . it will look something like /dev/sda or /dev/mmcblk0 or similar . open a terminal ( aka command line ) run the following command , but replace original_mount with the mountpoint you found . <code> sudo dd if= original_mount bs=128m of=/tmp/sdcard . img </code> the command will not show any progress until it is finished , and it could take up to an hour , depending on the maximum size of the original sd card ( a 1gb will not take that long , but a 64gb might ) . remove the original sd card and insert the blank card . the mountpoint should be the same , but open the Disks app again just to make sure . run the following command , but replace target_mount with the mountpoint you found . <code> sudo dd if=/tmp/sdcard . img bs=128m of= target_mount </code> the command will not show any progress until it is finished , and it could take up to an hour , depending on the maximum size of the original sd card ( a 1gb will not take that long , but a 64gb might ) .
i can not say why you might have trouble duplicating an sd card , but there are a few things i can say , based on both reading and actual experience , that might be helpful : if you are talking about the original nook color , at least ( i am not sure whether or not there are later models still called " nook color " that work differently ) , rooting has nothing to do with it , since the device will boot from the sd card , presuming it is bootable , and not from the os on the internal storage . ( it is actually the os , not the device , that is " rooted " . ) an sd card that will boot and run on one nook color should , barring hardware problems , boot and run on any other , and a good copy of an sd card that works should also work and provide the same functionality as the origina . also , i can see no reason why an os , such as cm , that worked before to run a particular application will not be able , deprecated or not , to run the identical application with identical support files now .
in xperia u you will get in to safe mode when you keep taping on menu button while the phone is booting . safe mode prevents any third-party apps from running . so if you have installed an app that might cause some serious problems with your device , boot it in safe mode to uninstall it . you can boot into normal mode by a simple restart .
some disambiguation : ics is abbreviation of " ice cream sandwich , " or android 4.0 . x release . bootloader is code that runs before the operating system even starts . see more details here : in literal terms , bootloader is code that is executed before any operating system starts to run . the concept of bootloaders is universal to virtually all operating systems that inculcates operating systems on your pc , laptop , smartphones , and other such devices . bootloaders basically package the instructions to boot operating system kernel and most of them also have their own debugging or modification environment . as the bootloader kicks off before any piece of software on your device , it makes it extremely processor specific and every motherboard has it’s own bootloader . this is one reason that all android phones have different custom roms developed due to high variance of processing hardware present on the device . . . . every android phone has a bootloader that instructs the operating system kernel to boot normally . but you need to understand one thing here that as android os is an open source os and is available on a variety of different hardware , every manufacturer has their own version of bootloader specific for the hardware present in it’s environment . heimdall and odin are tools for flashing images to samsung phones . the problem : the issue is that samsung made some modifications to the bootloader code for their release of android 4.1 ( jelly bean ) on galaxy s3 models . this means that custom roms that were created on older 4.0 base will no longer be compatible with new bootloader . the new bootloaders , however , are backwards-compatible with older pre-4.1 based roms , so upgrading the bootloader will not prevent you from flashing cm9 , for example . the assert errors you are seeing are from trying to flash such incompatible roms . these validations were put in for your protection , and you should not remove them from the updater scripts . the solution : you should upgrade your phone 's bootloader to the proper version , as specified in that blog post . the instructions for updating the bootloader are here : download the correct update : i747u ( at and t ) * i747ucalg1 - jul 1 , 2012 - boot_cwm_i747ucalg1 . zip - 1.13 mb * i747ucdlk3 - nov 3 , 2012 - boot_cwm_i747ucdlk3 . zip - 1.13 mb * i747ucdmg2 - jul 2 , 2013 - boot_cwm_i747ucdmg2 . zip - 1.13 mb * i747ucuemjb - oct 11 , 2013 - boot_cwm_i747ucuemjb . zip - 1.14 mb warning : do not attempt to downgrade from this bootloader . doing so will brick your device . use extra caution when flashing anything via odin , as many odin packages will attempt to flash the bootloader . i747m ( canada and overseas ) * i747mvluemk5 - nov 5 , 2013 - boot_cwm_i747mvluemk5 . zip - 1.14 mb warning : do not attempt to downgrade from this bootloader . doing so will brick your device . use extra caution when flashing anything via odin , as many odin packages will attempt to flash the bootloader . depending on which type of update package you downloaded , follow one of the following steps : flashing with odin download odin : link put your phone into download mode . some roms have this option in the power > reboot menu , otherwise just hold " volume down " and " home " while powering on your device . launch odin , then connect the usb cable to your device . click the " pda " button and select the package you downloaded in step click " start " in odin and wait for the process to complete . your device should reboot automatically when the flash is complete , and you are done . flashing in recovery if you have downloaded a flashable . zip from above , copy it to your sd card or internal storage . reboot your phone into recovery mode ( you can do this by holding " volume up " and " home " while powering on your device ; let go of the buttons when you see " recovery booting . . . " in blue text in the top left of the screen ) and install the . zip as an update . reboot , and you are done . note : after flashing in recovery , you need to reboot before you ( and rom installers ) actually see the new version number . it looks like you have the canadian s3 , so you will need to upgrade to the i747mvluemk5 bootloader . after you flash it , you should be able to install newer cm versions without any errors .
settings -> storage -> press menu -> usb computer connection
go into settings > about phone toward the bottom of the list , you will see an entry for " build number " tap it 5 times and you will see toast pop-up letting you know that the developer options have been enabled . go back to the main options menu and tap developer options and you will see a tick box for usb debugging about halfway down the list .
android default browser uses webkit check out second paragraph : wikipedia webkit description
to the date , there is no functionality to disable this feature . actually this was implemented to make it easier for the user to recognize and remeber the number easily . i did some search and found out that other people have the same problem as well . what i suggest is to move on to a custom dialer app which suit you the best , if this grouping feature really annoys you .
touchdown is your only option to fix this . an admin at my company got his motorola droid 2 and had the same problem . we tried everything we could find online in an attempt to sync all his contacts . eventually we came across touchdown , paid the 19.99 and it worked fine . with the exception of notes it cleared up all the short comings of the stock android exchange sync . side note : i do not personally use touchdown nor am i affiliated with them in any way .
uninstalling all play store ( market ) app updates fixed it for me . go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications and uninstall the updates from the play store app . this will leave you with an older version of the app , which is probably named " market " . then you should be able to install or update apps . after a while the play store update will be installed once again , but you still will be able to install or update apps .
yes , you will have to manually switch to home profile when you come back home . its what you can find in classic mobile phones . if you want to automate it , there're plenty of apps for that : tasker + profile4tasker ( paid ) , automateit ( free ) , llama ( free ) , locale + profile4tasker ( paid )
i was looking for the same answers on the same question . this post from the cm team had all the answers i was looking for : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/enduser.profiles
as listed in http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/enduser.profiles ( already mentioned ) , the only support for automatic switching provided out-of-the-box with cyanogenmod is via clock ( alarms ) application . each alarm can also trigger a profile change . for wifi- , location- , etc- based changes you had have to use other options . some of them are also listed on the above wiki page .
when updating to 10.1.3 , the google maps icon becomes visible at the bottom of the profile being edited . there , you can select triggers based on joining a certain wi-fi network , etc .
actually with no additional applications , they can switch automatically say on a particular wifi connection/disconnection , but discovering that feature is hiding in a most non-intuitive location . at the bottom of the profile edit page hiding near your home button you will see a " google map " placemarker icon . click on it . that takes you to the trigger page , where you can set the profile to automagically activate/deactivate on wifi or bluetooth and i think nfc though i have never used that particular tech " feature " looking for a useful purpose .
the amount of scroll you get on a fling is based on the friction assigned to that flick action . in the stock browser the friction assigned to the vertical fling is really low . so your fling is not a command to get to the top / bottom of the page , there just is not enough friction to stop you from getting there . you can test this by finding an insanely long page and giving it a good fling . you will go pretty far but you will not reach the bottom . the chrome mobile application applies a bit more friction to the vertical fling , so that same mighty flick you got so much travel from in the stock browser will not get you quite as far in chrome mobile . all that aside , it would probably be worthwhile to send a request via the help page that google use the same friction coefficient on both apps for consistency .
uc browser or maxthon browser have the quick scroll/page down function .
mtp is the better option in most cases , since the protocol is actually designed for this use . ptp is offered as an alternative since macs do not understand mtp by default ( you need to install " android file transfer " on the mac to make mtp work ) . this protocol was designed for pcs to access photos from digital cameras , so it can only access the photos on the phone , and it might trigger a photo management app on the pc instead of a file manager . to learn more about why mtp was introduced , see my answer to why is android file transfer necessary ?
try frama root apk . it roots all high end devices . how to install : download framaroot from xda run , choose superuser or supersu select boromir or another character you will see :- reboot device root- installed
as liam pointed out , ota updates tend to " remove " root access -- and most likely they also patch the places used by known root exploits to prevent future rooting . one thing he recommended was flashing back the old firmware , and root it the way you did -- which is a common way to obtain root . from there on you have basically two choices to update and still keep root : flash a custom rom , or ( if you want to go with stock ) take a look at ota rootkeeper : free tool trying to protect root across manufacturer 's ota updates . also serves as temporary un-root ( see statement ) ( for more details , see the app 's description in the playstore ) .
the oem update will have caused by you are to lose root due to the fact that stock rom 's are not rooted . this update will have most likely blocked the use of simple rootkit exploits , which is how all of the one click root solutions work . it your oem upgrade was to ics , then google blocked rootkits in version 4.0 onwards . if it was not an upgrade to ics or later , then oem has patched the os for all of the common exploits . if this is the case , then the only way to root you device would be to do we fastboot to flash a rooted boot . img file , or the old firmware so you can use a one click here root solution again . it is generally recommended that once you have rooted , you do not use oem updates for this reason .
try going to the application manager . find gmail and make sure that show notifications is checked . that fixed all of my problems .
have you checked to see if sync is on ? on ics+ go to Settings-Data Usage and press the menu button , and ensure ' auto sync data ' is checked . then go to Account-&gt;&lt;select your account&gt; and ensure gmail , or email is selected . bear in mind that the email app can not push emails - it can only poll the server at a minimum of every 5 minutes . if you are on less than ics , then go to System Settings-&gt;Accounts and Sync and ensure sync is turned on . select the account , and make sure gmail is checked .
assuming you are speaking about the short message service : for sending pictures without text , that is done via a special " signal channel " , where exactly 160 bytes fit into a single package ( hence the limit of 160 chars ) . but when you want to include more ( more text , multi-media elements like pictures or video , or some other attachments ) , those " additional data " do not fit into this " package " – so your message is switched to mms . other than sms , mms are sent and received via mobile data ( often via a special access point configured in your device ) . so this is the reason why it requires your data plan to send " pictures with text": you basically switch to a different service . details can be found behind the links , if needed .
according to the source code for adb push and pull commands , they return 0 for success and 1 for failure . i have not tried this in batch files , so cannot comment on accuracy .
yes you can do this . for this , i am assuming you are using the stock google keyboard . open settings and tap on language and input . tap on the settings icon next to google keyboard . tap input languages at the top . deselect " use system language " and then select any keyboard languages you wish to use . now in the keyboard , the space bar will display the current selected language . to change to one of the other active languages , press and hold the space bar and select the language you wish to use .
it means that an app with the same app id is already installed in your phone . for eg : if there is an app with id com . example . app and you try to install another apk with same id it will give that message .
it sounds like you might be getting the " ding " noise discussed on this google groups post : thanks for the question . the alert chime you here indicates is a prompt for an upcoming driving maneuver . it plays in places where the text-to-speech engine is either unsupported or unavailable , but it also may play if the data connection becomes flaky during guidance and navigation is not able to process a road name in time .
yes , tcpdump is an administrator-level application ( i highly doubt there will ever be an android permission level to view all other apps ' network traffic ) . once rooted , if you have tcpdump binary ( compiled for your device 's cpu type ) on sdcard , try : su mount -o remount rw /system/ cd /sdcard cp ./tcpdump /system/xbin  now you can use tcpdump command . without rooting , you could possibly intercept traffic on your wifi lan using arp-spoofing .
using this as source procedure- turn on the portable wi-fi hotspot on your android smartphone ( or tablet ) go to the settings screen on your android phone . you can get there by pressing the menu button on your device when you are on the home screen , then tapping " settings " . at the settings screen , tap the " wireless and networks " option . you should see an option for " portable wi-fi hotspot " . click the check mark beside it to turn on the hotspot and your phone will start acting like a wireless access point . ( you should see a message in the notification bar when it is activated . ) to adjust and check the settings for the hotspot , tap the aptly named " portable wi-fi hotspot settings " option . you will need to do this if you do not know the default password that will be created for your hotspot so you can make a note of it for connecting your other devices . you can change the default password , security level , router name ( ssid ) , and also manage users connected wirelessly to your phone in the wi-fi hotspot settings .
has your friend invited you to the event ? i have never seen my friends ' events in my calendar , only when they have invited me too . for these events you need to remove the event by going to the event 's facebook page , scrolling all the way down and clicking the " remove from my events " link in the footer . facebook will not sync the rsvp info for some reason , so " hide declined events " in the calendar options will not hide events that you are not attending ( which is very annoying by the way ) .
the way to solve this requires you to go onto the web version of facebook . from the newsfeed page , select ' events ' from the column on the left . on the events page , select list and press the cross in the right hand corner of the event you want removed . then on your phone , open calendar and press the menu button , select sync and it should remove the event . for some reason , facebook does not seem to inform your calendar of declined events , so removal is essential .
depending on the calendar app on your phone , you may be able to do this easily . i am using a samsung captivate with froyo , and can hide facebook events by doing the following : open Calendar Menu > More > Settings Calendars check on or off the various calendars you want to display . on mine i have phone , gmail and facebook . unchecking the facebook one removes these events from my calendar . in addition to which phone and calendaring app you use , this may also be affected by how you sync your facebook calendar , via the official facebook app or via some other ' social ' software . if you give details about your phone , calendar and social software being used , someone may be able to give more detailed and/or directly applicable help .
in adb shell or terminal emulator ( and most likely over ssh ) you can use the pm utility to install apps . the command is : pm install /sdcard/app1 . apk the following are the switches of pm: for example , you can force the app to install directly to the external storage ( froyo/gingerbread style . ) p.s. the wget utility should be available via busybox on cm7 . if not , you can always install it via android market .
i would suggest you plug your phone into a pc with the sdk ( or at least adb ) installed and in debugging mode . after this , write a script that goes through your apps and installs them via adb , e.g. adb install x:\path\to\app1.apk .
i am using the same method and yes ssh is great ! but it seems when you ssh to android it gets a different shell than sh so if you put sh in front of the command it should work . here 's an example : sh /system/bin/pm install app1.apk
i was seeing the same problem items get stacked in the outbox when you either are not connected to wifi or do not have cell coverage . once you have access to a wifi network the outbox will not empty out or sync either on its own or by going to settings and accounts and synching all . all i did was compose a new message and sent it -- and all of the messages in the outbox seem to follow . ; - ) sounds too simple to work , but try it .
the first thing i would suspect is that a database used by the email app is corrupted . to fix this , you need to go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , find the email app , and clear the data for it . ( if you see anything like " email storage " be sure to clear the data for that as well ) . then re-add your account and see if that helps . if that does not work , i recommend asking your company 's it department if they have changed any settings for the exchange server recently .
weird , i had this problem , tried to send a message with no signal and when i got signal back , i kept getting " unable to send mail " . i moved the messages to another folder and re-sent them and they went . looks like a bug with the client .
i found sync settings for individual folders under settings - data usage - then left menu softkey , make sure " auto data sync " is selected . also , settings -accounts - email - settings -select exchange email acct , scroll down to " exchange active sync settings " lots of options for syncing , including individual sync settings for folders .
the asus eee pad transformer uses a usb 3.0 cable . i have seen noises elsewhere on the ' net that it will only charge on a usb 3.0 socket . this is likely associated with the extra power only available on usb 3.0 .
for certain cases with low accuracy ( requires taking multiple cameras , you can not do it from one saved photo ) : see this question . i general : nope . even humans can not do this without reference information not present in a photograph . a short person against a plain white wall filling the frame of one picture appears to be the same height as a tall person with the same proportions against the same wall filling the frame of a second picture , and so on . the most important reference information is a second perspective . this is why we have two eyes and people talk about loss of depth perception when a single eye is lost or covered . is there an existing algorithm that can take multiple photos and possibly some extra info and make a semi-accurate guess about the sizes of some objects in some photos ? probably . is there an android app implementing it ? probably not .
smart measure advocates the ability to do what you are looking for . the advertise : measure the distance , height , width and area of an object with your phone . smart measure pro is the 2nd set of smart tools collection ( distance , height , width , area ) . although , there are quite a few variables to be aware of : they also have a free version with reduced features .
make sure you have this --redirect-gateway in your configuration file . that option is documented on the openvpn man page
and how do you think you can determinate upstair/downstair location ? transformer has gps receiver , but its precision in indoor use is way too low to have a reliable altitude reading .
disabling a notification for particular app wont ' save battery . yes it would a little by not ringing and vibrating and also by not making you look at the phone . actually notification is handled by os itself . an app just says that i want this notification to be displayed and os handles it . in your case those apps are running in background using service and periodically asks the os to display the notification . event though you have disabled the notification the service is still running and still requesting the os to display notification .
the milestone is an unofficial port , and usb tethering is not yet supported . there is a feature request on their issue tracker for this . the most recent comment on the above mentioned ticket indicates that it is been fixed as of 7.1.0-rc15 and should now be included .
you can disable notifications all together and check facebook when you want to check it .
you could always install titanium backup ( a great app to have ) or app manager ( was just released today by jrummy ) and " freeze"/"unfreeze " the app when you want it to run or not run . this is a very quick/simple/painless operation and there is absolutely no chance for it to run ( taking up resources or draining battery ) while it is " frozen " - it just takes up a bit of storage space is all .
as the person before me said , a good way to do it would be to install titaniumbackup pro ( it is a really great app , can not recommend it enough , and the market commenters seem to agree ) and set up a label called facebook which only contains the face book app . then , create 2 widgets ( one that freezes on one that defrosts facebook ) . it is a bit clunky and takes up 2 home screen cells but it is guaranteed to work : )
and a third variant is a kind of "1x1 multi-widget " , capable of holding other widgets , and expanding to their size when opened . there are several of those " widget folders " available , see e.g. widget folder or widget container ( there might be more of them , but those are the two i was able to find short-term ) . then each of your widgets consumes just 1x1 when not used , and the one you use opens on top of them . to make it more plastic and better understandable : widget container : all closed , weather opened ( click images to enlarge ) the first screenshot shows 4 closed " widget containers " ( the green ones ) . in the second screenshot , the " weather container " was opened , and here covers 4x4 , i.e. the entire screen . admitted , not the most beautiful , but a practical solution to your problem ; )
there is an option to minimize the unlock section by default in the lock screen section of the settings app . maximize widgets show widgets maximized and the unlock minimized when the screen is turned on .
you will not be removed from groups if your number is same ,
you retain your groups if you have the same number . off-topic , you may also want to check the official documentation on how to back-up and restore your chat history to the new phone .
just backup your chat whatsapp-> settings-> chat settings-> backup conversations . this will backup your chats to a database on your whatsapp folder of your sd card . copy the folder to your new phone and just install whatsapp and activate your account from your number . restore old chats when asked . voila :- )
i am not sure about manufacturer skins like samsung 's touchwiz , but aosp has the feature you are looking for . in google 's contacts app , for any contact entry , there is an option to send ' all calls to voicemail ' . when someone rings you with this enabled , it will ring for 5 to 15 seconds and , of course , go straight to voicemail . alternatively , you may want to look at this app . i have not tested it , so i cannot confirm that the behaviour between the two is identical .
this is a network function and no app will be able to perform the behaviour you are looking for . at best , you can create a custom " silent " ringtone for a known number . else , if you had prefer pressing the volume buttons will usually mute the ringing while giving the dialler the perception that the call remains unanswered .
that would be more of carrier dependent and network related , plus , the programmatic api is not well documented hence a lot of third party call blocking apps , inevitably , do send a reject/hangup upon receiving a blacklisted number . what the op is asking for , is actually , going down deeper into the nuts and bolts of telephony layer which is blocked off due to : proprietary nature of the binary supporting code that enables gsm/cdma telephony . proprietary chipset used for gsm/cdma communications at a low-level . if that was available and documented , there would be a lot of call-blocking apps on the play store , that can do the call-screening in the proper way that would be expected of . edit as an afterthought to this answer , a vital part should be noted - google blocked the MODIFY_PHONE_STATE permission in gingerbread 2.3.7 onwards ( it was available on earlier versions of android ) , see this issue which annoyed developers of those third party call blocking software , thus call-block will fail on newer versions of android , that permission is what enabled third party apps to send a reject/hangup upon receiving said blacklisted number .
i just turned off the vibration intensity for notifications . see : settings > sounds > vibration intensity > notification
this is for galaxy nexus , but if you long press the power button , it should create a prompt that allows you to switch between silent mode , vibrate mode , and sound mode .
you can not put the device in silent mode using the volume hard keys . presumably the designers thought it was more commonplace to set the device to vibrate only . to make the s iii completely silent , pull down the notification panel , tap the sound shortcut at the top to switch it to vibrate , then tap it again to switch it to mute . ( a third tap sets it back to * sound . ) if you have removed that shortcut from the notification panel , you can add it again . open the settings app , click display , then notification panel . there you can long-tap to pick up sound from the available buttons list , and drop it in notification panel .
this is now addressed in google+ v4.1 4 . location sharing includes more controls starting today you can share your pinpoint or city-level location with others ( if you want ) , and you can do so on a circle-by-circle basis . for example : you can share your pinpoint location with family , and your city-level location with co-workers . you can also use circles to filter who appears on your “locations” map . it’s rolling out to google play over the next few days ( goo . gl/xaxmx ) . . .
while i do not know how to kill motoblur , if you are rooted you can use titanium backup to remove the crappy system apps that run all the time . just open titanium , click the offending app , and click uninstall . only remove apps that are not needed for the system to run , of course .
it looks like someone has finally managed to get cyanogenmod 7 ( android 2.3.7 gingerbread ) ported to charm and flipout phones ( they are very similar in hardware . ) this thread over at xda has all the details : first of all your device should be rooted with superoneclick or any other method ( if you do not know how to do it search on google ) download flipout system recovery from the market . download cm7 rom here . https://docs.google.com/uc?id=0b_9pv...xport=download download google apps here https://docs.google.com/uc?id=0b_9pv...xport=download put both the cm7 rom and the google apps on the root of the sdcard . open flipout recovery and select install recovery system . grant it superuser permission . after that select recovery boot wipe data , cache and open advanced and wipe dalvik cache select " install zip from sdcard " - " choose zip from sdcard " - select the cm7 rom and go to - yes - and wait until finish installation , then use the same procedure to install the google apps . repeat step 7 again . reboot and enjoy cm7 . i am happy to report that this tutorial works , and completely replaces the motoblur firmware of motorola charm with cyanogenmod 7 . it is not perfect ( rotation is " sticky " , there is no way to disable the back-track , etc . ) but it functions well enough to be considered " working " .
one solution would be to use a program such as teamviewer and set the computer 's cursor to a red dot , or just use the regular cursor . teamviewer has a program that runs on the computer , and an app that allows you to control the computer from your phone . i think it would work quite well for what you have in mind .
it is totally possible , and there are a lot of remote touchmouse apps available on the android market . just search remote mouse , touch mouse , etc . that being said , i think that will be even nicer is to have an app that uses the orientation of the device as the cursor position , i.e. it works like a real laser pointer . ( that i have not seen yet and i am coding one . )
you can basically upgrade the same way as the original installation ( flash the new rom from recovery ) . the general rule is : do a complete wipe for major releases , but just clear the caches for minor releases . see this cm forum topic .
cyanogenmod 11 has a built-in mechanism for checking for updates . go to Settings -&gt; About Phone -&gt; CyanogenMod updates there you can toggle when your device will query for an update and on what release channel ( release and development being stable and nightly respectively ) . when an update will appear click on it is icon to download and install , from there , it will do everything for you .
do you really need it to go through email ? if you have a recent enough version of android and google+ , you can enable instant upload to automatically sync all the photos and videos you take to google+ , they will initially be set to private but you can of course set to share them with specific people ( s ) or make them public easily . there are also some apps that can sync the photos and videos you take to google drive or dropbox or other cloud storage provider . the official dropbox app provides camera upload feature , and i am sure there are other cloud storage providers that have similar feature either by using their official app or third party app .
there is a video for replacing the screen on the samsung galaxy tab and galaxy tab 2 at : http://youtu.be/fjpncrpmi_e its the same process for both and is very easy .
if the digitizer still works and the only issue is the sharp edges , i know a bunch of folks that have ( device agnostic ) cracked screens with a screen protector serving as more of a finger protector on them .
you can pick up a replacement on ebay for ~$80 . it looks like they all come with the glass + the digitizer , from what i have read , they are a " combo " item . then you can find tutorials on how to replace the screen .
you can get a new screen through ebay . here 's one for ~$77 . also , here 's a youtube video that shows how to dismantle and replace the screen and digitizer .
ok , so this problem reoccurred a couple more times until i realised it seemed to happen after my phone restarts and sorts itself out after killing a few running services i did not need . i narrowed it down to an app called announcify . the lesson for me , and others , is to try selectively killing services to troubleshoot any such problems in future .
sidestepping the debate over the legitimacy of installing that app on your phone , the question of verification is one that i have been meaning to understand for a while , and you have prompted me to try to figure out a possible way of verifying who signed an apk . android apps are signed in the normal manner of . jar files ( . apk is really just a special . jar which is just a special . zip ) however it may not be trivial to trace the authenticity of the certificates unless you have something known good to compare to . that is basically what the phone itself does - verifies that something that claims to be from the same party as something already on the phone actually is - the phone does not refuse to install things with unknown signers , it can only ( object to/clear application data of ) apparent forgeries when something new does not match something old that it claims to . you will need to have jarsigner and keytool . i believe these come from the jdk which is a prerequisite to the android sdk rather than the sdk itself . first you want try to verify the public key contained within the . apk . usually this is in meta-inf/certs . rsa but it can be in another file - unzip -l will tell you . you want to see what you can find out about it : unzip -p suspect.apk META-INF/CERT.RSA | keytool -printcert  that is going to dump out a lot of information about who the signer claims to be . some certificates are apparently themselves signed by known parties , but without figuring out how to trace that , i suspect you could do something like this : unzip -p suspect.apk META-INF/CERT.RSA | keytool -printcert | grep MD5 unzip -p knowngood.apk META-INF/CERT.RSA | keytool -printcert | grep MD5  if you have a known trusted apk from the same author who used the same certificate . i am assuming that the certificates having the same md5 sum is enough . assuming you have decided to trust the certificate , then you can see if it has been used to sign each of the files within the . apk jarsigner -verbose -verify suspect.apk  ( if there is more than one . rsa file in the archive , you should add the -certs flag to tell you which certificate ( s ) have been used to sign each file , so you can be sure its the certificate you verified )
the shell on android is placed in /system/bin/sh instead of the regular /bin/sh – i wonder where you’d see /sbin/sh which i’ve never encountered in the wild on any unix ( and violates the posix standard ) , but in this place you should just change the script/invocation involved . most commands are in the $PATH anyway , so calling them with explicit paths is not necessarily needed . that being said , android unix userland is very minimal – it didn’t even include a cat(1) implementation until recently – so you may be disappointed a bit . some people suggest using busybox on it . if you do , make sure to not replace the system shell , as android’s default mksh(1) is much more powerful than busybox’ ash . disclaimer : i’m the mksh maintainer .
unlike a desktop gnu/linux system , android is not designed for command-line use , so it does not come with the full set of command-line programs that a gnu system would have . it only has the most basic commands ( like the ones you have already seen working ) , and android-specific utilities such as am , pm , bmgr . you can get access to the basic posix commands ( such as less and grep ) by installing busybox . there are several installers for it on google play . for any more specialist programs like make , you will need to find an android port of the particular program and install it .
in short , the phone will still have the android os as ' flashing to cricket ' is not in reference to the rom or operating system . the seller may be referring to moving the phone off of verizon as the carrier to cricket , another cdma mobile carrier in the us . this seems to be a normal process as cricket does not have the expansive collection of android compared to that of verizon wireless . here are a few thread topics explaining this - http://androidforums.com/incredible-all-things-root/82397-flashing-htc-droid-incredible-cricket.html http://androidforums.com/cricket/232152-flashing-phone-verizon-cricket.html hope that helps !
i would suggest asking the seller which android os version the rom they flashed is based on .
i am looking for one that hides the detail of how a message was sent to a given contact or number as well as possible . i am not quite sure what you mean by that . do you mean you want it to not say whether it came through sms vs . facebook ? anyway , there are numerous apps for this purpose . some ideas : go sms pro plus the facebook chat plug-in im+ yuilop heywire pinger
the new facebook messenger released last week integrates sms and facebook messages in the same app .
i have a similar issue and excluded the posibility that ntfs is the problem since i tried everything on a fat32 partition . i think it has something to do with the drive geometry not being aligned properly thus the errors . ( in my situation , everything else ( oses ) work fine )
the one thing that sticks out from your question is that /sda3 is ntfs-formatted on /sda3 ( ntfs partition created in windows 7 ) and thus the android 's linux kernel panic ' s due to not understanding ntfs .
i am not sure what did it but it must be os dependent as once i installed cyanogenmod9 alpha6 i had those options available under performance settings and they also became available in the tasker menus as well .
you can use apndroid to toggle your data on/off . alternatively , if you still want data and have a sim phone , you can force it use 2g only in the network settings .
you can activate the airplane mode to shutdown everything ( calls , wifi , etc ) , and then re-activate the gps . only the gps antenna will be activated . . . i think :d
this is possible with a free app called quick settings . you do not need to root your phone . you should know that if you turn off your data , you will not have real time set to the maps , but you will still be able to record your gps data . to get around that you can download offline maps app like maveric . ill add links to this answer later when i am not driving and using speech to text .
you can give a try to an app developed by a xda developers forum user gyagapen that essentialy the app intelligently manages switching between both your wifi and 3g data connections as you move about : cleverconnectivity cleverconnectivity is an application that helps you to manage your data and wifi connection in order to save battery . how does cleverconnectivity work ? this application will automatically turn on and off connectivity ( data/wifi/sync ) while screen is off . for example if the user chooses below configuration : time on : 2min time on next check : 1min time off : 10m usage check interval : 3s once the screen is off , cleverconnectivity will keep connectivity alive for 2min . then it will check if data is used during a period of 3s . if data is used , connectivity will be kept for 1 minute ( time on next check ) . if data is not used , connectivity will be desactivated for 10min . after this , the connectivity will be re-activated and time on will kick in . once screen is on , connectivity will be automatically re-enabled . links : google play store - 1,00€ no ads google play store - free version ( with ads ) you can give a try to an app available from google play store that automatically controls your wifi status : smart wifi toggler description smart wifi toggler is an application designed to control your phone 's wifi using location based rules . its aim is to conserve battery and minimize data charges by turning wifi off when not connected to a network , and turning it on when a known hotspot is present . it constantly learns where your hotspots are located to make its decisions . it is a very useful application if you frequently forget to turn wifi off when leaving a hotspot , or if you want to automatically switch from mobile data to wifi to conserve battery whenever you are back into a hotspot . here are some of cool features smart wifi toggler has to offer : automatically learns your wifi hotspot locations . turns wifi off when disconnected from wifi network . automatically turns wifi on when near a known hotspot . uses your network location . no gps battery drain . provides the ability to control " auto-connect " behavior for each hotspot . ability to lock wifi to a disabled state . warning notification and auto-locking wifi when a hotspot is down . history , logging , and a troubleshooting screen in case you face any problems .
might help to look into @izzy 's solution involving tasker . a tweak is needed : instead of detecting a gsm/cdma signal , check if a wifi network is present nearby switch to/enable airplane mode and enable wifi and connect appropriately ( this part am uncertain about - if its an open public wifi point , good ( its bad but another story about open wifi 's ) what if it is a private wifi network and need to input the key ? tasker might be able to help you with that , unsure ! if moving away from network point , switch off/disable wifi and disable the airplane mode . having a look here at this wiki titled " turn on wifi at home " entry might also help you as well , to quote , in case of link rot : my route to and from work is populated by open networks from cable providers that require log-in via webpages and unsecured home networks . whenever i pass them my phone tries to connect , disconnecting me from 3g . leaving wifi on all the time means i am left with constant service interruptions . forgetting to turn on wifi at at home runs the risk of eating up my data plan . for this reason i turn off wifi when i am out and turn it on when i get home . but what if i forget ? with this tasker profile , my phone now uses cell location data to turn wifi on/off . steps : turn gps on ( just for now ) . you do not need to keep it running all the time , but it helps to pinpoint where your location for the context step . first , go home ( the place your wifi router lives ) . profile : wifi at home context : location > net=on , gps=off , radius 500m , get fix task : at home action : net > wifi > on task ( optional ) : alert > popup > text " wifi on " task : leaving home action : net > wifi > off task ( optional ) : alert > popup > text " wifi off " get fix locates where you currently are on a map so you need to actually be at home for this step . you have several setting options depending on how much power consumption vs . accuracy . see [ html http://tasker.dinglisch.net/userguide/en/loctears.html " location without tears" ] . the least accurate ( net=off , gps=off ) needs a really large radius . the most accurate ( net=on , gps=on ) will drain your battery faster . i find net=on , gps=off , radius 500m to work fine . my phone knows when i am home .
short answer : it depends . long answer : android developers have the ability to specify requirements for their apps both in terms of software ( minimum os version , for example ) and hardware . for example , an app that does turn-by-turn navigation may require the android device it is being installed on to have built-in gps . such an app would be listed as " incompatible " with any tablet that does not have a gps chip ( the tablet reports its hardware features to the play store ) . the same is true for a reverse situation , where an app that requires a minimum screen resolution may work fine on a tablet , but show as incompatible for phones that are below that limit . another example is google tv . since none of the current models have touch-screen support , any apps that require this feature would be listed as not compatible on the play store . these limitations are only being enforced by the google 's play store . this means that if you manage to side-load the app 's apk file , it may work just fine on any device . however , the lack of minimum requirements will mean that the app will be unstable .
i think from reading the source code here and this line and also from reading the code in the contacts application that the " frequently contacted " list in the contacts application orders the contacts by the number of times that you have called them . that is the DataUsageStatColumns.USAGE_TYPE_INT_CALL bit . this is also assuming you are using the default contacts application but since you did not specify i assumed you were . so it must be that you have called this particular friend more than any others . to test this try and make a large number of calls to the next person in the list and see if it overtakes the top person . it could also be the case that you have ' starred ' him . if you go on his contact profile at the top there is a star . if this is white then it means that you have favourited him which means he will always appear at the top of the " frequently contacted " screen . just uncheck the star and he will go away . there is also the option to clear the list if you like , just click on the action menu or your menu button and select " clear frequents " .
i faced similar problem until recently i found the fix . i use vodafone 3g pack . if you are an android user , check the network and settings -> Access Point names in that check if apn is set to vodafone live . if yes , change it to default settings and it should be changed to vodafone mobile connect . also , then check the value of mcc and mnc . it should be as per country code and mobile operator . i didnt understand , why this changed on its own , but after making this change and rebooting phone , it worked for me . i hope this works for you too . .
i also had the same issue . incase you are on vodafone network , try and select vodafone gprs as ur default settings . it worked for me the same way . hope this suggestion helps
if you go into settings > applications > development there is a setting for stay wake which is described as " screen will never sleep while charging " . give that a try : )
thank you all . i got the solution here
if you can enter into recovery mode ( with power and volume up buttons pressed on startup ) try to restore a nandroid backup ( if made ) or flash a new rom . if you can not enter into recovery mode you need to reflash a stock rom using odin . you need to choose the right stock rom for your region . see xda-developers , it also contains a guide to flash these files with odin . then you can go on trying to update to ics or jb .
in a case of letmegooglethatforyou , i found the answer . turns out , it is a single byte on the phone that determines whether the phone is gsm locked or not . someone found this , and made a nice tutorial on how to flip this byte . the instructions look scarier than they really are . the detail is not because it is complicated , but because they show every single step . the hard part for me was prepping my windows box to be able to do this ; you need motorola drivers and the .netruntime for the motorola diagnostic/programming application .
just long-tap that network on the list and click " forget network " . android will only autoconnect to networks it has previously connected to and still remembers .
as dan suggested , you could simply remove the ap from your list of known networks . your device then would find it again , no problem – but it would no longer auto-connect to it until you do so once manually . and the latter point might be a little troublesome , in case you need that ap " from time to time " – as then you had also need to remove it manually each time you have used it . so if the latter is the case , you might wish to take a look at e.g. open wifi cleaner : removes open wifi networks from the saved networks list after disconnecting . notification reminders on connection/disconnection whitelist of open networks to keep settings saved using google android backup service with that app in use , and the ap in question not whitelisted , it would automatically be removed from your list of known networks whenever you decided to manually connect to it . simply whitelist other possible open aps you want to auto-connect to , so they would not be affected . another app with comparable functionality is wifi ap whitelist .
as far as i am aware , apps cannot be moved to an sd card . apps such as app2sd only move apps to ' external sd ' which is not your memory card .
i use android app called superbeam which enables wifi direct and enables you to get full wifi speed .
for this task i use an app called shoutr . as i could see it is using the built in wifi and so you get the full wifi speed . i like the interface ; it is very easy to share music , videos and photos with friends on the way .
there are many variables that affect the performance of each method you have mentioned . additionally there is also the necessary configuration and requirements that each device must have in order to have solutions like this working . as requested , lets summarize and compare possible performances between usb ; wi-fi and bluetooth : usb : usb performance can be extremely low or very high , depending on the available usb version , which in turn , combined with the sdcard reading/writing speed on each device allows us to accurately measure and ascertain the transfer speed . there is also the physical limitation of the usb cable length that for some scenarios becomes a limitation . usb 1.0 : 1.5 mbit/s ( low-bandwidth ) and 12 mbit/s ( full-bandwidth ) usb 2.0 : 480 mbit/s ( effective throughput up to 35 mb/s ) usb 3.0 : 5 gbit/s ( 625 mb/s ) which is more than 10 times as fast as usb 2 wi-fi wi-fi loses limitations like cable length , but then again we need to account for the 802.11 protocol being used , the signal strength and range to accurately measure results : more about wi-fi protocols from wikipedia . wi-fi direct wi-fi direct , initially called wi-fi p2p , is a wi-fi standard that enables devices to connect easily with each other without requiring a wireless access point . here the communication is performed at typical wi-fi speeds for everything from file transfer to internet connectivity . essentially , wi-fi direct falls under the same values presented at the wi-fi table ( yet again keeping in mind that signal strength and range are the key factors for a good performance ) . more about wi-fi direct from wikipedia . bluetooth while we need to ascertain several influencing factors to determine if wi-fi is faster than usb , bluetooth is with no doubt in last place when we speak about transfer speed . designed as a proprietary open wireless technology standard for exchanging data over short distances , the maximum speeds are below the two concurrent options : more about bluetooth from wikipedia . android beam being a fairly recent technology , android beam allows users to transfer data between devices with near field communication ( nfc ) capabilities . nfc is even slower than bluetooth ( both short-range communication technologies ) and is limited to about 20cm of range getting up to 424 kbit/s . on a positive note , nfc sets up more quickly than standard bluetooth and the connection between two nfc devices is automatically established : technical comparison : only relevant aspects to this answer , for full table see wikipedia . summary based on the specifications for each method and their respective version , my classification ordered by fastest-to-lowest would be : usb assuming version 2.0 , since 1.0 is way slow and outdated wi-fi / wi-fi direct bluetooth android beam
if your android devices have removable sd card slot , the fastest way to transfer big files is to physically move the sd card from one device to another .
after some experiences , it appears the samsung galaxy s4 software must recognize the file format first , before and during transfer from pc to the smartphone main memory . when moving the file to the sd card memory , again the software needs to recognize the file , so this is done from either the ( a ) move file option in the folder or , ( b ) application option to move to sd card memory . { for those smartphone users who need to save main memory space on their samsung s4 }
if you are looking for drivers that will allow you to connect your phone to the pc , you can install the universal naked drivers found on xda . this is compatible with windows xp . note : this driver is by 1wayjonny , and works with nexus 4 , nexus 10 , nexus q , and nexus s .
well , i got it working eventually when i realized that i have to unlock my phone before i connect it and all of a sudden it started working just fine . . . : )
you cannot upgrade the processor , however you can upgrade the kernel . find your device on forum . xda-developers . com and read , read , read , read , and read some more . it may sound scary , with the risk ofx bricking your device , but i assure you it is much easier than it would be to replace the processor . if cyanogenmod 9 is ported to your device , then you could even have a 4.0 update .
in Settings -&gt; Applications , in the permissions section , tap on Show All and under Network Communication there should be Receive data from internet if the application has requested push ( gcm ) permission . tested on 4.1.2 , labels and positions may differ .
you could try greenify . it is an app for hibernating apps so that they do not take up a lot of resources ; thus , improving battery life . however , it also lists apps in a way that lets you see which ones support gcm .
these apps are not hidden . they were not meant to be launched . the example you mention - phase beam - is a live wallpaper . to use it long-press on your homescreen and select live wallpaper . there're many others that can not be accessed by the end user . they are meant to be used by another . usually to provide a feature in a plugin form .
the minimalistic text widget app allows you to launch any activity ( android speak for program ui module ) when you press it . within the settings for the widget you can get to a list of all activities in the system .
you are correct that app piracy in android is a problem , and it is a reason a lot of app developers have gone for a more in app purchase model , rather than selling their apps on the play market . you are also correct in your method - ripping an apk file off a rooted phone is trivial . google have recognised this and responded by added app encryption which will be available for any devices running jelly bean and over : app encryption starting with android 4.1 , google play will help protect application assets by encrypting all paid apps with a device-specific key before they are delivered and stored on a device . http://developer.android.com/about/versions/jelly-bean.html this means that each app will only be accessible by that device , so the work around you mentioned will not work . i am unsure about how this will affect devices running any os before gingerbread .
in addition to martyn 's answer on encryption . this might be a bit on the developer side , however , google offers application licensing : with google play licensing , your application can query google play at run time to obtain the licensing status for the current user , then allow or disallow further use as appropriate .
afaik the stock messages app always sends a sms unless you have added an attachment ( picture , video , audio ) , or if you are typing a very long message ( the latter depending on your settings ) . if there is an attachment the message will show the number of used kb instead of the number of remaining characters . that being said , you should check if the message centre number in your sms settings is correct . to check start the messages app , click Menu &gt; Setting , scroll down to the SMS Settings section . also on the same screen there is a setting that may convert long text messages automatically to mms , so you might want to turn that off .
on twrp recovery , tap Reboot and then System
that should be possible . how to realize it , depends on the android version used : for android 4.0 and earlier , the imho best solution is installing lbe privacy guard , which you can configure to issue a popup whenever a given permission was requested ( so you can decide whether to permit or deny access ) . however , do not attempt installing this on android 4.1+ , or you will end up in a boot-loop ; the xda developers have " localized versions " of lbe security master available instead ( a version i find bloated , as it tries to cover to much things ) . apart from these two , i know of no other app informing you of an access at the time it is made ( which does not mean there are not any ) . other tools might however log access so you can either see the log entry afterwards , or at least know whether an app has used that permission at all ( e . g . xprivacy ) . i am not sure how pdroid handles this , as i have never used it .
open the phone app and open the call history tab . ( icon is a clock . ) if you are using google voice tap the word " inbox " at the top of the screen and it will pull down a menu of the different boxes for gv ( e . g . , text , missed , received , etc . )
yes and no . you can issue intents with adb but that is it . so the steps you described can not be achieved with adb . edit : ce4 showed a blog post which mentions the input binary which is able to simulate key events . adb shell input keyevent &lt;keycode&gt; 
ics and evernote both support " copy " functionality . highlight the text you want and then press the icon that looks like two overlapping pieces of paper ( circled in red ) : if this is missing then you may wan to provide a screenshot of what you see . although it is possible motorola removed the " copy " functionality from the system , i would find it somewhat unlikely ( and this forum post seems to indicate it does exist ) . also , the grid icon on the far left ( circled in blue ) is " select all " .
onenote for android ? https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.microsoft.office.onenotehl=en hope i got you right - as my answer is . . . well . . . just tooooo obvious : )
here is a list of microsoft onenote alternatives on android : http://alternativeto.net/software/microsoft-onenote/?platform=android
evernote i consider evernote to be the closest alternative to onenote , available from google play store . for me , the biggest advantage of evernote , which even onenote doesn’t have , is the synchronization feature . key features : sync all of your notes across the computers and devices you use create and edit text notes , to-dos and task lists save , sync and share files search for text inside images organize notes by notebooks and tags email notes and save tweets to your evernote account connect evernote to other apps and products you use share notes with friends and colleagues via facebook and twitter screen shots ( android ) :
i could not find a way to do it or an app that would do it . there were a couple out there that claimed to have manual focus but basically just did what you described as " assisted auto focus . " i found this thread at xda where some people have been looking through the code to find a way to add the manual focus . from what they found it appears that it is possible but someone has to code it . its worth keeping an eye on it : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=630989
yes , it works on droid x on verizon ( although the app might have unrelated issues ) : http://androidforums.com/1208709-post1.html
it does not apply to google maps navigation afaik but you should ask this specific question to your local verizon dealer . for instance , i use google maps navigation on my htc droid incredible and a friend uses it on the motorola droid , each with verizon ( but again , be sure to ask before you buy the phone ) .
i had a droid 1 for about a year . google maps works great . recently switched it out for a samsung fascinate . the fascinate comes with verizon navigator pre-loaded . but i downloaded and installed the google maps without any issues . i do not pay for the verizon navigator application at the additional $10.00 a month . i also have used titaniumbackup to " freeze " lots of the preloaded programs from verizon . have had zero issues with doing that . the fascinate had an issue with the gps taking a while to lock on , but it has recently been addressed in a software update . using google maps and navigation is something that i use daily .
for completeness , my at and t sgs3 with android 4.3 has another way to do this : under the Settings app , on the My Device tab , there is a section for Voice Control . if Incoming Calls is checked , then you can answer calls with the voice command " answer " when the phone is ringing . answering a call with the voice command will automaticallly turn on the speaker .
i have not tested this , but tasker should be able to do this . create an event " phone ringing " profile to perform the " speakerphone " task ( which you configure to turn the speakerphone on ) . this can be configured to only activate for certain callers if necessary .
some androids have a car mode ( often branded by manufacturer ) in which you can say it will be auto-answered when ringing and the call will go over speaker . if your device does not have a car mode or it does not work for you , you can try one of the many apps available which can handle this function for you : https://play.google.com/store/search?q=auto%20answer%20callsc=apps ( first app seems simple and serving your described needs , but i would always recommend to check out a few ) .
most people recommend removing battery as soon as it happens and barry it in a bowl of dry rice for a day or two . i have never personally had to try it but i know of people who have and it has saved them from having to replace there phone . . .
the reason that water damages a phone is because water conducts electricity and this causes short circuits ; pure alcohol is non-conducting so it should not harm electric circuits . it is possible to create a computer cooling system by soaking a whole computer in a non-conducting mineral oil ( and the computer runs great soaked in oil ) , they do not choose alcohol probably since alcohol evaporates quickly ( which is undesirable for permanent cooling system ) . however , i doubt that soaking an already damaged phone will fix it . there is no reason that a burnt circuitry will magically unburnt because it is soaked in alcohol . alcohol may help to clean the circuitries and the residual materials , but it is unlikely it will fix the phone . disclaimer : this is not an encouragement to soak your phone in alcohol , do it at your own risk ; be prepared to buy a new phone if you decided to do it .
how i remove consequences of water damage ? disassemble device . you need to disconnect every power supply such as batteries . carefully look on every component . wash plastic details with cleaning agent likes ' fairy ' , ' mr . muscul ' and so on in water . dry them . wash pcb in water as plastic details before . i use toothbrush . you need to take off any sign of corrosion . then i wash pcb in isopropyl alcohol . after that i take air pump and blow compressed air on every electrical component on pcb . in such way i remove water . then it is good idea to give ability pcb to become dry by natural conditions . if there are some troubles with traces on board , i repair them with special soldering equipment ( beginning from common soldering iron and ending with bga soldering station because ics on pcb is soldered by such way ) assemble device . if you have troubles with your lcd , the only quality way is to replace it entirely . lcd is a set of number of transparent films . so it is very difficult to reassemble it without issues .
i think you had be fine doing that . next time , try to vacuum out the water by holding the vacuum in the same spot ( in the back where batt . was . . . ) for 15 minutes , then moving it again for 15 minutes . . .
the odin-able kernels for my galaxy s are simply the zimage in a . tar file . but the zimage has a peculiar format , and i believe it is specific to samsung devices . i would assume that either the kernel you have compiled is the wrong format , or simply does not work and the system is restoring the stock kernel from the recovery image .
fastboot boot zImage  is for testing purpose only . it will boot your phone to the kernel for only once . the next time you boot your phone , it will use the original kernel .
go to settings &#8594 ; storage and tap on the overflow menu in the top right ( on a device with a physical menu key , you may need to press that instead ) . this should bring up a menu item labeled " usb computer connection": tap on that , and it will give you a list with possible connection modes . uncheck everything that you do not intend to use . on my n5/cm11 there are only two options on this page : mtp and ptp . unchecking both causes the phone to simply charge when plugged into a pc . i have seen others that have an explicit " charge only " option , but i believe that is nonstandard .
the android docs are just saying the main thread should compute all ui related functions . it is the job of the developer to create additional threads when getting data from local sqlite database or from the network , or even if you are creating a compute heavy custom view with alot of display logic . for a really comprehensive look into concurrency in android and mutli-threading , check out asynchronous android from steve liles awesome awesome book .
android apps are not single-threaded . although there is one main thread as described in the documentation you quoted , apps can start as many other threads as they need . the advantage of all gui interactions being on one thread is that the gui code can be simpler , faster , and more predictable , because gui state is not being changed concurrently from different threads . it also makes thread-safety easier for app developers by providing a message queue , similar to those found in other oses ' gui frameworks . the app author just needs to make sure all long operations are performed in background threads , sending messages back to the main thread to update the gui , and that way the gui remains responsive all the time .
issue only happens when ad-hoc is enabled . see here for more info : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=872521
can you set the policy manually ? i am not sure if the nook has a limited set of settings , but on my galaxy s you can go to Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Wifi settings -&gt; (Menu button) Advanced  and set it there .
ok , i found out what is wrong . i had usb debugging enabled at the same time so i had to turn that off and now it works . menu > settings > applications > development > usb debugging
so i have had this same problem for the past month . there is a 1cm or so high deadzone that spans the width of my screen just about lower than the midway point from top to bottom . it is mostly always there , but some ( seemingly ) random times it goes away and all works well . my troubleshooting led me to this : if it is hardware , it is only because the software is telling it something it should not be . i am sure nothing is broken ( i.e. . , from being dropped , etc . ) something is wrong , for sure , but not broken per se . i took screen shots of temperature and voltage ( using cpu-z app ) trying to figure it out . i paid attention to when it happened and when it did not . i boiled it down to two possibilities : temperature and/or voltage ( i can explain how i came to this conclusion if you want . . . would take a bit more explanation ) . i charge my phone with the charger plugged into the wall typically . i live in asia so the voltage is a lot higher ( but within the appropriate range of the phone ) . yet , lately when i ! go to sleep , i plug my phone into my laptop to charge , rather than the wall . . . when i wake up the problem is not there . about 2 hours later or so the problem comes back . i tried this for a week ( charging my phone with my laptop ) and the problem is dissipating . as quickly as it escalated ( getting gradually worse ) it is now getting gradually better . try it and see if it works for you . at night when your phone is nearly dead , charge your phone with your usb port attached to your laptop . maybe it will help . i am still troubleshooting specifics to see if it is definitive . update : today , the day of writing this , i have not had the problem at all and it is been nearly 7 hours and the 3rd consecutive night of charging with usb on my laptop . update 2: happy new year ! i have been charging my nexus 4 with my laptop 's usb port since my original reply and the problem had disappeared . let me know if this works for anyone else ! nexus 4 - 4.4.2
as geohi said , i have this problem for a bit 2 months when i bought this nexus 4 . last night was the first night i put my phone to charge via usb . today i was super excited to see that my screen is fully functional . i will continue to charge it like this for few days to see what happens . no problems for about 9 hours so far . ¨ update : 4 days have been passed since my phone started to work well . screen problem did not reappear not even for 2 minutes since then : ) it is great !
i have the same issue , google support suggested waiting for the 4.4 android update to fix , else return for repair / replacement .
i also got d same prob . it is a hardware issue . i got the front touch panel replaced . it costs rs 5322 in mumbai . my phone was in warranty so got it for free . now issue is resolved . nothing changed in d software to solve the issue .
do not bother using kies or ota to update your phone . if you do , you will probably update it in the next decade . ( i am curious if ota worked in someone . . . ) just find an appropriate rom for your phone from a trusted forum ( eg xda ) and flash it using odin .
you could replicate many sense features with 3rd-party apps such as launcher replacements , dialer/contact apps , various widgets , etc . however , you will likely lose the deep system integration of such apps . you will also most definitely lose the integration with the htc sense site .
i am afraid there is not really a " one-stop solution " . as you already noticed , all the different backup types have different goals , all of them have their pros and cons ( see also our backup tag-wiki for an overview ) : while a nandroid backup covers the entire system at partition-level , it is not the easiest when you want to only restore parts . on its own , it is an all-or-nothing . luckily , there are other tools which can deal with those backup files : you can restore single apps with titanium backup , and even read single files from them ( see : how do i view/mount nandroid file on device ? ) . titanium backup covers almost everything on an app-and-settings level , and can read from nandroid backup files -- but it cannot create a full nandroid backup . also , restore between different roms can be a little tricky ( but that applies to all solutions ) , at least when it comes to system files . still , it does a good job even then when using its " migration mode " adb backup is a good thing , but only available with android 4.0 upwards and also restricted to " apps and settings " . additionally , it requires a computer to attach the device to for backup/restore . the latter can be avoided using apps like helium - app sync and backup , which run directly on the device and use adb as backend . i found the best solution on rooted devices is a combination of nandroid ( offered e.g. by clockworkmod recovery ) and titanium . for non-rooted devices , choices are rare : neither of the two are available there , which leaves the user with adb backup as the only half-way complete solution .
why is the android stock browser still alive ? as of june this year , 15.7% ( 0.8+14.9 ) of users still use android 2.2 and 2.3 . x ( froyo and gingerbread ) , since chrome supports only android 4.0+ , these users can not use chrome for android . also android 4.0 ( ics ) , which has 12.3% of users , does not come with chrome preinstalled . moreover , i think the stock browser still comes preinstalled in all android jellybean phones ( version 4.1 . x , 4.2 . x and 4.3 . x ) , which is used by 58.4% ( 29.0+19.1+10.3 ) of users . that means the stock browser is still preinstalled on 86.4% ( 15.7+12.3+58.4 ) of android phones . the above should be the reason why the stock browser is still being widely used . a lot of users do not bother downloading or changing the default/preinstalled browser . there are no technological advantages of using stock browser over chrome for android . google has already phased out the stock browser in android kitkat ( 4.4 ) . chrome for android is licensed from google , while the stock browser is not . also , oems can modify the stock browser if required but not chrome . so from a business perspective , it is actually better for google , if oems use chrome . but some oems do not like being dependent on google too much . to say more is beyond the scope of this answer . if you want more info go here and here . google has been slowly shifting the core of android from aosp to it is closed source and licensed google apps and the browser is one of the last components in this roadmap .
posting this a separate answer from an unrelated edit to an existing answer . flash is the reason we continue to use the old , stock browser . the so-called stock browser is small and it supports flash video , as do a couple of newer browsers . and the flash . apk is still available from several reputable sites ( but not from google play ) so it is easy to get hooked up . until all video streaming sites migrate to html5 there will continue to be a demand for browsers that support flash , security issues or not .
that option does not give or take the ability to see other people callerid , it only let 's you choose whether the people you are calling see your callerid or not .
there are many people facing similar problem here , http://community.htc.com/na/htc-forums/android/f/107/t/12961.aspx?pageindex=3 the solutions they came up with was : use handcent sms app instead of stock sms app keep low number of messages in inbox delete read message waiting for gingerbread update which will fix it if i were you i would choose number 1 .
now , that is weird ! play some music or unplug the charger . try a different cable . try a different charger . i will not tell you to change your car , your stereo , or your phone , as those are expensive . but you can always try it out in someone else 's car , if that is an option . you have to narrow down the problem by using trial and error method .
after a lot of googling around , i found 2 possible solutions : hardware solution : kensington noise reducing aux audio cable - have not tried it myself . yet some guys at android central report it worked for them . software solution : aux noise filter app - tried it on my galaxy note . works like a charm .
yes you can do it by using this number saver app . app description is as follows : save a number while you are in a phone call , and dial it right after . access during call from notification bar , or from app icon to pull notification bar in the call screen , press home first ( android limitation ) the app has two modes for number or note : save it to the clipboard ( which later you can ' paste ' it wherever you like ) save it in the internal app memory on both you can later access the last saved number or note and create a contact , dial or sms .
touiteur has been updated today and now has filtering . please note that this feature may just be the paid version . i will update this answer with a link and qr code when i have confirmed those details . edit : it would seem that filtering is not a premium feature . the filtering can be found under the mute settings in touiteur -> more -> mute . you can choose to mute text ( inc . hashtags ) , users and apps ( sources ) . touiteur homepage
the stock browser has no plug-in functionality . until it is added you will likely never see 1password/lastpass integration in the stock browser . speaking of the lastpass : it is similar to 1password and uses dolphin 's plug-in system very well .
tap the yellow " autologin " button to have 1password take you to the web site and fill the login form . to use only a pin , adjust 1password 's security settings : bring up the application 's options and tap more > application preferences > application protection , then tick the " use pin code " box .
i believe that the " other " contacts you refer to i.e. the 800 which do not show up on your phone ( i am going to presume that they are valid and have numbers in them as well ) are not assigned to " my contacts " . if they are in a different group , try shifting them all to where the other 6000 contacts lie . this should fix your problem .
you can always try to put a firewall between your phone and the router with these apps and block google+ , then when you do not use the internet ( for example at night ) enable it no root needed no root needed root needed
based on linux , android supports the addgroup and adduser commands ( i just checked on one of my devices , and the command exists ) . i am not sure whether it supports the full set of options available on linux , but what should work is at least # create a new group addgroup [--gid ID] group # add a user (app) to that group adduser &lt;user&gt; &lt;group&gt;  from the adduser man page : if called with two non-option arguments , adduser will add an existing user to an existing group .
i have bad news : it almost impossible to get data from your internal storage if your mobile does not turn on . first we need to know more about the problem : what do you mean under not turn on ? does it light up or no signal at all ? what if you plug it into the charger ? can you see any lights flash up ? can you get into recovery ? if none of the above happen , then i need to ask : is your important data stored on your sd card ? most apps store their user data on sd card so you can access them if you pull out your sd card and read from that . if you re-install android , you will lose your internal data so if you have lots of important things on your phone ( not your sd card ) you should not reinstall without backup colornote does not store your data internally but uploads to the cloud . see their faq
i have probably found the solution : run the following command as root setprop persist.sys.usb.config adb  and reboot the phone . now my phone does not show an " usb connection " notification and " android file transfer " ( an mtp implementation for macos ) does not see the phone . in the same time adb works fine .
from the devices page , it does not seem like your phone is officially supported - http://www.cyanogenmod.com/devices . as an alternative , see http://www.madteam.co/forum/development/%28development%29-cyanogenmod-7-1-%27galaxy5%27-port/ if you do manage to flash a custom rom , you can change back provided you use the roms supplied by http://samfirmware.com - not official , just a repository of original factory roms .
i like using rom manager for cm . if it is supported on your phone it will come up in the custom rom downloads list . however if you want a different rom , rom manager is not an all inclusive list , it just grabs the most popular , so do not treat this as the only place to go . cm is popular enough that it will be in the downloads list if it is supported by your phone , so if it is not there yet , just wait until it is . rom manager also allows you to back up your current rom ( i am not sure if you need root permissions , but if you are flashing a new rom you will have them ) , so just back up the factory rom using this app and if you ever need it just boot up into recovery and restore the rom .
according to this help , google now notifications can be limited or turned off . most notifications for google now cards can be turned off or set to low or standard priority . low priority notifications appear at the bottom of the notifications shade without any additional signal . from the lower right corner of the google now screen , touch menu > settings > google now > card name > and adjust the settings under notifications .
if you are on jelly bean and rooted you can use an app i built to manage notifications for all applications from a single place . notifications off allows you to turn off notifications for all applications . it can also automatically disable notifications for new apps as soon as they are installed . the next version will have support for profiles , tasker integration and a widget for switching profiles .
i use netcounter . it separates the wi-fi data usage from the 3g/4g data usage , and so far it has been very accurate ( at least on the mobile data ) .
i use stats free app . it shows 4g data in addition to 2g/3g and wi-fi .
first , let me say that network data counting in android is not so easy , because there is no api which provides this information in a clean way . the app developers have to work with some linux internals and other issues . this is why most traffic counting apps do not work on every hardware/software combination . for exaple i had an app that worked with eclair but stopped working with gingerbread on my galaxy s . android introduced long term evolution ( 4g ) support with api level 11 ( honeycomb ) . most traffic counters read their volume information from the underlying linux network interface . afaik there are only two interfaces , one for wifi and one 2g/3g/4g , which means : it will be hard to monitor 4g data separated from 2g/3g if a app says it monitors 2g/3g it is very likely that this also includes 4g androids 4g api is relatively new . support , including separate traffic counting ( if it is possible ) , will hit the apps in the near future . here is an example listing that shows the interfaces and their traffic on my galaxy s . pdp0 is the mobile and eth0 is the wifi iterface :
as of now ( unless someone can correct me ) there is no app that will monitor sprint 4g wimax data . although , it can be found by calling information *4 from a sprint phone and pressing 4 to hear details of the individual phone use . the 4g data will be listed , and can be sent in a text message to the phone ( if desired ) by pressing 2 .
let 's print droid will print directly to wifi addressable pcl/postscript printers . it does not contain drivers for ink jets howoever .
there is a paid app called eprint , which i believe works locally to printers attached to a wireless network ( printers themselves do not need to be wireless ) and does not appear to use a cloud service or need a pc in most cases . they have a free eprint version that you can use to test the functionality before you pay for the full eprint version . next there is printbot , this " network printer driver " supports 1,000s of printer types connected to a local network . the free version lets you print a few pages to test , the full paid printbot pro licensed version is unlimited . try both of those out and see which one works with your printer and apps . there are also some free proprietary apps that work with specific hardware , hp eprint should work , but only to hp printers ( both older network enabled ones and newer eprint enabled networked ones ) , samsung mobileprint should work ( but only for samsung printers ) . motoprint lets you print to a lot of different printer types as long as they are connected to a wireless network ( do not have to be wireless printers ) , annoyingly you can only install it on motorola devices , so not putting down as an answer for you but someone else might find it useful .
yes , an application can lead to a phone reboot , usually by combining a badly designed application and a bug in the framework . exemple : an application that registers an Account but no ContentHandler issue 5009
yes apps can reboot if giver permission , search for " public void reboot " on http://developer.android.com/reference/android/os/powermanager.html
an app can certainly deliberately reboot the phone , depending on the permissions for the app in question and whether it has root privileges . an app can also force you phone to reboot if it bombs out and takes android down with it , particularly apps that interact with phone functionality ( volume adjustors , automatic task killers - which are a bad idea in general , location aware apps , etc ) if an app has the right permissions this can happen quite easily . so to sum up , yes , it is quite possible that an app could be causing the system to die and your phone to reboot . if you want to troubleshoot , you can use titanium backup to freeze one app at a time to see if that alleviates the issue , or you can just uninstall and then reinstall later on .
in your notification shader , look for the " blocking mode " icon , tap and hold it . you can activate the blocking mode there , pick a time frame for when it is active ( e . g . 10pm - 8 am ) and select what should be disabled from incoming calls , notifications , alarms and the led indicator . you can also allow only calls from certain contacts to go through to you , which can be helpful for emergency situations .
try the profile settings . he probably has set a " night"-profile which turns down the volume and activates the plane-mode . the profile settings can be found in the normal settings of your phone .
it cannot be done . usb devices interact with your android phone through a protocol known as usb on-the-go ( usb-otg for short ) . this protocol has to be implemented in the software ( kernel ) level on supported hardware . unfortunately , the galaxy core does not have this protocol available .
usb-otg is seemingly not supported according to the specs over at gsmarena 's galaxy core page . in contrast , see the sgs4 , which offers usb on-the-go .
your device does not support otg . download the below app and check for yourself . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.homesoft.otgtroubshooter the app . detects and offers solutions to issues around usb host and otg cables . it is designed for the nexus series , but should work with any android device . this app . does not offer support for usb devices . it simply detects whether they can be supported . it also detects certain android bugs that may be affecting your system .
i think it depends on the pdf , if it is searchable or not , for ezpdf does have a search function that highlight the searched text , as you can see in the image below : screenshot ( click image for larger variant ) and there are many other applications that can highlight a searched text in pdf , like adobe reader , moonreader+ , quickoffice , etc .
you need to make sure to ask the right questions . here are a few calender ( remind me of the meeting coming friday ) or ( set a reminder this friday ) alarm ( set alarm at 540 am ) call someone ( can you please call bob ) text someone ( send a text to bob ) search nearby ( find me a nearby coffee shop ) play music ( play the song rolling in the deep ) ask movie reviews ( should i watch the movie mission impossible ) watch videos ( show me a video of cat singing ) find news ( what is the news about sopa ) these are just a couple of the commands available .
from what i have seen , iris is not supposed to be a competitor for siri , but rather just a ( mostly ) joke app that just tries to replicate some of siri 's snarkiness . it is for laughs , not productivity . if you do want to be productive with voice commands , there are some options . vlingo and speaktoit assistant spring immediately to mind . there are others . this might be helpful : lifehacker : how to get a personal assistant like siri on your android phone for free
unfortunately for us ( not so much for manufacturers and carriers , ) gingerbread closed the exploits that were previously being used to gain root privileges on older android os versions . this means that tools like superoneclick and similar will no longer work . the only way to get root on samsung devices with gingerbread is to flash a pre-rooted image onto the phone with a tool like odin or heimdal . forums like xda-developers and rootzwiki contain detailed instructions for flashing such an image ( kernel only , full stock system , or a completely custom rom . )
to my knowledge , the motorola xoom does support the usb to ethernet adapter solution , but i do not know of any others . even the xoom however requires some serious work , and you will need one of two custom kernels for the xoom as well as an adapter based on a particular chipset . for more information , check out this xda article and the threads it links to .
the most easy way to use lan to your android device is to connect your lan cable to a portable wireless router ( about us$20 in ebay ) then you can use wifi service from your lan cable .
i am using a toshiba thrive ( os 4.0.3 ) , a curtis klu mid704 ( os 4.1.1 , and one of the rockchip clones ) a polaroid branded pmid704 and a zte phone . of all these , the polaroid and curtis have ethernet support in the settings . i am using a radio shack belkin usb-to-ethernet adapter , which is supported off-the-shelf by android . ( only the toshiba thrive has a full size type-a usb jack . ) the polaroid is " broken " in that the ethernet does not work . you click on it in settings and it clicks but does nothing . the curtis works , it shows me my ip and mac address in settings and i can set static ip parameters including ip address , gateway , netmask , and 2 dns servers . however , the android frameworks ( in the java ( tm ) -like language ) are broken . the connection managers only support wifi and mobile data . you can inquire about the eth0 device but can not open a connection or do anything with it . i know . . . i have got a $70,000usd contract hinging on solving the ethernet connection problem and it is getting frustrating . i have got google people telling me it is in there , but i can not find api 's or examples . supposedly google 's working on it .
looks like ' no ' , with some xda-developers work . if you want to connect to a lan , why not go with an access point the size of a deck of cards ? if you want extra security , you might turn off your wifi router 's beacon , use wpa2 without wps , and turn on its mac address filtering . your device will connect without the beacon if you ' add network ' .
sounds to me like you only have one " image chooser " app installed , and you would need to install another . i know es file explorer registers itself as one , so if you install that maybe it will show up in the menu and then you can use it to browse to your icons .
they are nothing to do with your app , and they are not really errors . as you might have guessed , they are just reporting changes in the light sensor state . ( that is the sensor that controls the screen brightness . ) samsung roms are particularly known for having very ' noisy ' log output , owing to samsung being a little slapdash about software integration . in contrast , nexus devices tend to have very clean logs , because google engineers are aggressive about disabling logging when code is committed . you can filter the log messages in eclipse ( or when you use adb logcat on the command-line ) .
if this is the stock system , then the only way to change it would be to root it and install a custom rom ( or remove the stock video app and replace it with a 3rd party video player ) .
most likely the video player registered a listener to be notified on " usb connected " . if you want to keep the app but get rid of that annoyance , the only way goes via root . you will not need a custom rom for that -- just an app like autorun manager pro which allows you to disable listeners of any app : as the screenshot shows , autorun manager lists up all apps along with their registered listeners . check here for your video player app , find the responsible listener , and remove the checkmark in front of it . that should do it . if you do so for some apps , and some day decide to remove autorun manager , your restrictions would persist unless you reset them before uninstalling arm ( the app has a " revert " option , and can even revert all changes at once ) . if you forgot that , and want to re-enable disabled listeners , the only way is to re-install the affected app ( not arm , that will not help as it remembered its actions in its settings , which are removed when you uninstall the app ) .
this sounds like an sms/push message sent by your carrier in china . i would suggest you contact your carrier , and ask them if they are sending these - and ask them if they can be stopped . you can use this app to block these if your carrier will not .
applications in the knox container are pushed using the samsung knox api 's . these api 's are usually consumed by mdm 's for " pushing apps " , and i do not believe are generally available . samsung has a free emm solution at https://www.samsungknox.com/en/solutions/try-knox#management-with-knox-emm which you can use for pushing applications into the knox container . ( as well as full mdm , and sso ! ) note that the container is considered a premium feature and must be licensed .
download media converter on google play and its plugin . put those videos into the media converter and convert them them to either mp4 or 3gp . your videos will play straight away . there are 2 reasons why videos would not play on your device . 1 . unsupported format 2 . file size is at 0 . before conversion nake sure sure your files are not at 0 .
wait for the next update , or download vlc player in the meantime .
i had this problem with videos that used to play and then simply do not anymore . it is not your video player or the video format , its something screwy with android 's file system . solution : download rescan media app from google play store . install and run , but do not enable the auto-close feature ; just run it then minimize . your files should play now .
one reason video may not play is because the bluetooth is enabled . disable bluetooth and video should play again .
! discovered mp4 videos from an external sources sometimes have too high of resolution . you need a converter ( many free versions on-line ) to reduce the size to an acceptable size .
in aokp ics roms , and a few other 's i have used , there is an option that you can enable that will allow you to kill ( close ) an active app by holding down the Back button . i do not know if this was a feature of ics or the cm9 rom family , but i will let you know if i find that out .
usually , holding/tapping on the back key should " exit " an app . of course , the best way is to use the exit button if an app provides it . that is how one would gracefully " exit " from an app . in order to force an exit or kill it , you had best look at a task killer and forcibly kill the process .
this is really a question about android in general , and is based on a misconception of how android handles background apps . check out this xda post for a nice explanation of why processes sitting in memory in the background really are not a bad thing . you should only worry about exiting/force-quitting/killing an app if things start misbehaving .
first off you will need to root your tablet . this is relatively easy , especially with the galaxy because it is so popular . head on over to the xda forums (www.xda-developers.com) and navigate to the galaxy 10.1 section . this youtube video also will do it for you : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krqdp7xylwg be careful . follow the steps exactly . you do not want to brick your device . after that , you will have clockworkmod . so first things first : zip up your kernel , then copy it to your device . most of the time , tablets require sd-cards in order to install things from recovery , so pop in an sd-card and copy the zipped folder here . then , reboot into recovery ( turn device off , then hold up volume button and power at the same time ) . you will want to wipe your cache partition and davlik cache first . once this is done , go to install zip from sd-card , find your folder with the kernel , and that is it ! before you do this , do a backup of your current system , just in case your kernel really messes up your device . hope this helps !
most phones work pretty fine with a little amount of water , but it also depends on your luck . my first android volume buttons stopped working after i played basketball with it in my pocket and sweat screwed it up . under warranty got it replaced .
i have a htc nexus one and carelessly ended up with it being immersed in three inches of river water in the bottom of a plastic bag for over an hour . i assumed that it would be write-off but dried it out anyway in the sunshine on the dashboard or the car and held it in the warm summer breeze for an hour on the journey home . i put the battery and cards back in and after a short period of irregular displays it worked perfectly . i was astonished !
if the water finds its way into the circuitry and causes a short , that could be bad , but i do not think there is any good way to quantify how likely that is to happen to any phone . i have a moto droid and get it a little wet all the time and have never had a problem , although i have heard of people bricking their phone under the same circumstances . if you do actually get it wet and it dies , it may not be bricked . after it dries out it will probably work again . you can aid the process by putting the phone in some rice or just blowing dry warm air on it . it is also worth noting that many phone manufacturers install moisture detecting stickers inside the phone . on the droid it can been seen through a little hole under the battery cover that shows red plus signs on a white background . if that gets wet , it'll bleed and that way if you try to return a broken phone and say it just died the tech can see if you got the phone wet , and even if that is not why it died , it'll void your warranty .
it could be because chrome for android does not support flash : chrome for android will not be supporting flash . as you may have seen in november , 2011 , adobe announced it has stopped investing in flash for mobile browsing . google has long been committed to making the web platform more powerful through open web technologies like html5 and is working with adobe and other partners to further advance the web standard .
i would recommend using full disk encryption and keeping your bootlaoder locked and phone unrooted if you want the best possible encryption that android natively provides . this article explains how to do a full system encryption on android . http://www.howtogeek.com/141953/how-to-encrypt-your-android-phone-and-why-you-might-want-to/
the problem was partially solved . download . apk file from the device ( with airdroid for example ) remove assets/fonts directory from the archive install the application with modified . apk file i suspect that this bug appears again with every application update , so this fix has to be repeated after every update
mtp might not be reliable enough for that . several approaches i can offer : using on-board capabilities via adb this requires adb tools being available on your computer ( see e.g. is there a minimal installation of adb ? for how to meet this ) . now let 's see how to get the files over . open a command prompt , and ( optionally ) switch to the directory your adb executable is in make sure usb-debugging is activated on your device connect your device via usb assuming your sdcard is mounted/available as /sdcard on your device , let 's copy it with its contents : adb pull /sdcard /home/chris/android/sdcard  just adjust the path to your needs ; ) using an app with a more user-friendly gui i use foldersync to keep several directories backed-up . the big pro of this approach is : even if your device hard-crashes one day , you still have a quite up-to-date backup of all files on your computer . foldersync : main screen , folder pairs ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) foldersync supports a lot of services and protocols – not only cloud storage . you can easily use it with windows shares ( aka samba aka smb ) , or via scp on linux , or ftp with any server , amongst others . simply define folder pairs ( which directory on your device shall be kept in sync with which remote directory ) , and setup a schedule ( e . g . whenever connected to your home wifi , at 3 am ) , and there you go . with the pro version ( which i use ) you can even set it to " manual only " , and trigger it via tasker . of course , you also can set it to " manual " , and then initiate the transfer whenever you find it useful . being a " sync tool " , it will always only copy those files needing to be copied – if the same file exists on both ends with the same content and timestamp , it does not need to be copied again ; ) other options plenty of them . more sync tools . or a remote manager like airdroid . or using a file manager with remote capabilities , like es file explorer . just to give you some ideas ; )
after a recent update of the google search app ( version 3.5 and above ) , it became possible to enable " ok google " from any screen on android 4.3 and above . follow these steps : open google search on your phone go to settings by either pressing the hardware menu button if your device has it , or scrolling to the bottom of all cards and tapping three dots , and select " settings . " navigate to voice -> " ok google " detection , and enable the From Any screen option . this will first train the device with your voice , and we are done note that this does not work on all android devices . some motorola handsets like the moto x have their own voice recognition software that supersedes google 's , and you will see a message This option is not supported on this device . also , currently only the english language is supported for this feature , although google will probably enable it for more locales in the future .
no , only phones with dedicated hardware have that ability . however , some phones let you use a long press on one of the buttons to activate the google voice recognition .
i use the wakelock app when transferring data , to prevent my device going to sleep . it is simple but effective .
there is not anything built in but you can use an app such as changelog droid . you would need to add the apps you wish to be notified for to the observed list within the app .
no there is no feature in google play music that lets you delete songs you do not listen to . afaik there is no app that does the same too .
i am charging the device regularly and checked with a system monitoring app the temperatures , that i reached . it was never more than 33 degree celsius , while charging or after charging , still laying on the charger . this is to be considered a completely normal temperature . just today i was out with the tablet on the sun and i reached more than 40 degree celsius , just because of the sun , so i would not really consider charging with qi an issue .
there are some available from google play store . excluding the ones you have mentioned , this two i have used , and they worked very well : music pump daap player by android music pump : music pump is a feature rich android daap client that lets you to stream and sync music from your pc or nas to your android device . all you need is a daap server . remote for soundbridge by martin kompf : connect to different music servers including upnp , daap , and internet radio . browse playlists , artists , composers , albums , songs , genres , and folders at music server .
have you rooted your device ? ? if yes then use root browser and navigate to wpa_supplicant . conf . then open and edit that file . it will not effect device at all .
note : please be sure with what kind of application you are going to dis-able as disabling a wrong app ( factory app like keyboard will not display keyboard ) could cause your phone to miss-function ( not able to enable the mobile data etc . ) so please proceed with caution as you see that google has some pre-installed apps which are loaded on the phone at the time of purchase like google maps , google play music , google drive , google chrome etc . ( let 's say google play music is the most unwanted app you want to disable ) . you can do it very easily just follow these steps carefully . step 1 :go to settings> application manager . step 2 :you will have three side scroll options under the application manager . - downloaded : it will list the apps which you have downloaded from the play store or any third party apps . - running :it will list the apps which are presently running on your phone in the background . -all :this will list all the apps i.e. the installed apps from the play store , running apps on your device , stock apps from google . step 3 :choose the all option by scrolling to the extreme right/left . step 4 :choose the app which you want to disable . ( say google play music . ) step 5 :after selecting the desired app you will have some options like force stop . disable . clear app data . step 6 :choose clear app data to remove any data stored by the application . step 7 :choose force stop to stop the application from running . step 8 :choose the disable option to disable it from running again ( it will be in your phone but will not be displayed under the menu ) . step 9 :after selecting the disable option your app which you have disabled should appear in the bottom of the all screen . ( say you disabled play music then play music will appear in the bottom of you all list apps along with a disabled displayed to the right ) . also in the play store under all apps the application will be displayed at the last with the same disabled next to it . after doing all the above 9 steps correctly and in order your disabled application will not be enabled automatically and will not show any updates to you as it has been disabled permanently . also if you choose auto update application even then your application will not be updated .
there is no way to disable an app for some users of a device but not others ; it is possible to freeze an app using a third party program ( ie , disable it by changing it is permissions so it can not run ) but that will disable it for all users . android apps and services do not distinguish between physical users of a device - they all run using a single logical device user account . that being said , depending on what exactly you are looking for it may be sufficient to disable data synchronization for a specific google account in the settings . in android 4.4.0 , this would be under settings-> general-> accounts-> google-> [ account name ] , which will bring up a checklist of services for which data syncing can be disabled .
i have the same model and the digitizer is also 2/3 dead . if hold vertically , the left third from top to bottom works plus the rightmost vertical pixel line . i was able to unlock it using a two finger gesture : swipe the slider as far as possible to the right and hold it , then touch the right edge of the screen with a 2nd finger , then release the 1st finger . my permanent solution : installed cyanogenmod and enabled physical keyboard unlock . note that you can buy a replacement digitizer on ebay for around 20$ or so if you do not mind doing it yourself .
as pointed out in my comment on the question itself , you might try a lock screen replacement from google play that might let you customize where to place the " unlocker " . just picking some examples by their screenshots : lockmenu / zipper lock screen / widgetlocker ( click images for larger variants ) as you can see , there are multiple solutions available letting you define where the slider ( or whatever ) should be located – so you should be able to leave out the " dead spots " easily .
i have had issues flashing from an external sd card due to the format of the card . i was unable to detect a card when it was was ntfs . after reformatting as fat32 there was no issue . so try that , if possible .
you should probably try to re-flash the recovery image to your phone via fastboot . just googling a little , or directly on the xda-developers . com forum you can find all the info you need , including links to recovery images for your model : http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=839
the android market has an included content filter , which should filter most of these apps . ratings are everyone low maturity medium maturity high maturity android 2.3 and lower open android market . press menu and touch settings . touch ‘select filtering level’ and choose your desired setting . to lock the settings , touch the lock icon and enter a pin code . android 3.0 and higher open android market . press menu on the upper right corner . touch ‘app content filter’ and choose your desired setting . to lock the settings , touch the lock icon and enter a pin code . source
apps in the market should be pre-rated for their " maturity level " . if you go into the market app and then into its settings , you should have a content filtering option . taking the tick out of " high maturity " should remove all " adult-only " apps from your view of the market . see this google help article for more info : application content ratings
according to this android forum post the sdutil app on the phone can be used enable " usb mass storage " mode on the device . this can be run through adb as : adb shell sdutil ums enable  however , it seems like this only works on older version of android ( circa 2010 ? ) , on my device ( which is not rooted ) , sdutil is not available ( or is hidden somewhere i cannot see like /sbin or /system/sbin ) .
look , i got tired of searching how to mount the drive automaticaly in ums mode , and the solution above is right . echo /dev/block/mmcblk0 &gt; /sys/devices/lm-2/gadget/lun0/file  search for the correct file /sys/device in your system . this way i can use tasker to auto-mount my device whe a usb connection is detected .
this app is designed to mount your phone as soon as it is plugged in . it seems to do your missing step . alternatively , this command ( found from this forum ) can be run on the phone ( ex . adb shell ) to turn on disk mode . echo /dev/block/mmcblk0 &gt; /sys/devices/platform/usb_mass_storage/lun0/file edit : this only appears to work in recovery . auto mount app
the setting you are looking for is , most likely , found in settings &rarr ; development ( might be called " developer options" ; i know on some roms this option is initially hidden -- but if it is hidden in your case , it would be funny how that cpu overlay was activated ) . scroll down a bit there , and you should find the " monitoring " section -- where you probably checked to " show cpu load " . as the screenshots show , the settings item is sometimes called " development " and on other roms ( here : nexus ) " developer options " . simply check for something similar -- not sure if some manufacturer decided for a third term ; )
oh dear , the moment i offer a bounty on this question , i bump into the solution myself . cyanogenmod has a " dev tools " app . in " development settings " in this app , uncheck " show running processes " to make this go away .
if you mean unlocked so any sim can be used , the device comes from google sim unlocked . from wikipedia article : the device is sold sim unlocked ( not restricted to use on a single network provider ) . google offered t-mobile usa and at and t versions of the phone online in the united states before closing the online store in july 2010 . the difference between the at and t and t-mobile version is the bands that the phone uses for its network . if you do not have the right bands , the network will fall back to the common network , which is edge . for example , if you have a t-mobile version , and you mother has at and t , then when she is browsing the internet she will only get edge ( 2g ) speeds . voice there really is not noticeable difference . so to answer your question , you do not have to take it anywhere , and it costs nothing extra . you paid for it to be unlocked when you bought it . you should be able to install applications without having a sim card . at the very least , you will need to have wifi available so you can download the applications . i would suggest a factory reset , then start the device and configure it how you want for your mother , with apps , and email setup , etc .
to address your second question , you can pre-configure the phone to your liking before sending it to your mother . you may wish to factory reset it first ( or reinstall the custom rom you are using , if you are ) , and then configure a ' clean ' image , depending on what you had installed on the phone .
following this worked : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=30206455 . basically i flashed zimage from fixrecovery . tar and removed my sim ( do not know why that works , it is probably not required ) .
you should try flashing a stock rom on your galaxy s with odin .
there have been some issues with the fact that android 's bluetooth was not up to date . testing your phone with another headset would be a first step in singling out the problem . also , try to see if you can go to your local authorized reseller or a carrier store to see if a technician can have a look at it .
if i recall correctly , for navigation directions over bt you need a2dp ( just like music ) . i just checked the specs on plantronics ' website for the discovery 975 and it does not mention having this . there is also a setting somewhere in navigation to route it over the speaker or the headset ; i remember turning it off on mine because it was interrupting conversations when i was trying to listen . unfortunately i can not recall exactly where the setting is ; i will update this later if i find it again .
i would recommend doing all these steps regardless of the fact that your data is in the cloud download mybackup pro ( or a similar app ) backup everything to a micro sd card deactivate any license ( for blockbuster movies , etc ) export anything that is exportable ( like contacts , calendars , pictures , etc ) i always say that its better to be super safe than sorry . sometimes if you have multiple accounts that merge data into one place , you may expect tom smith ( example use of name ) to be on google 's servers but they are actually on facebook or some other server . by exporting it , you will have a file with everyone and then you can upload the contacts to your gmail account . i say this from personal experience by losing pictures and data .
your contacts and calendar will be stored in the cloud and synced back when you re-login with the same google account . also , most of your settings . apps that you purchased will be listed in your market account . i suggest you use sms backup or something similar to save your messages ( if you wish to ) to your storage card . gosms and handcent sms also have sms backup/restore facility . by default , your camera pics are stored in the dcim folder on your storage card . use a backup app like titanium backup or mybackup pro to backup all the stuff first , just as an additional safety net . note : busy right now , so have not added links . a quick search will turn up the apps in the market . ; - )
if you have an sd card , i would copy its contents to a pc . that should save all of your pictures . paid apps are linked to your google account and can always be re-downloaded . have you entered your contacts manually and not synced them to your google account ? if not , you do not need to back them up ; they are in the " cloud " , to use the common catchphrase . if you are rooted , you can use an app like titanium backup to save your applications and data , so that you do not need to redownload them ( and so your settings , saved games , etc . are backed up ) .
you might want to take a look at e.g. mail myself / selfmail ( which integrate into the share menu ) , or email me / email to self : create homescreen shortcuts which use a preselected email address and/or label by long pressing on a blank space on your homescreen , then select shortcuts , then email to self . guess that is what you are looking for ; )
google voice actions has what you want . simply enter voice command mode , say " note to self " , then say whatever your note is . when you are done an email message will be sent to you with the text of your message .
app data usually go below /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; ( in case of chrome : /data/data/com.android.chrome ) . but those directories are only accessible by the app itself , and by the system/root – so unless your device is rooted , you will not have much luck checking there . concerning the file-system hierarchy , you might wish to first consult the file-system tag-wiki , and then follow up to android folder hiearchy .
with opera mobile open , click on the wrench icon click on settings scroll down and click on privacy from there you should see options to clear history , password , cookies , cache , and shared locations .
how about if you do a dump of the filesystem before and after clearing the cache and compare what has changed ? for example , browse something to generate some cache , copy the filesystem to directory before-clear , clear the cache and copy again to directory after-clear . after this run a diff on the directories , eg . diff -q before-clear after-clear &gt; differing_files.txt . after this you can check relevant files for changes and see if you can clear the cache just by removing/editing these files . although , this only works if the cache is file-based , not in a db . note : this is just an idea , do not have a rooted phone to test it .
it is required for phones ( at least in europe and us ) to allow emergency calls without requiring the user to unlock the phone or the sim card . you can always make an emergency call when you are in a cell coverage area and the phone has power . it is a safety feature , which guarantees you can use any phone in an emergency to get assistance , regardless of the state the phone is in . take this scenario : you are in a car crash and your own phone breaks . an unconscious friend 's cell phone is working , but it has a pattern/pin/password lock on it , or it lost power but boots to the sim pin screen . the feature guarantees that you can make the call without knowledge of the correct pattern/pin/password . the numbers you can call with this feature are restricted to the most common or regional emergency numbers , and are translated by the carrier to the local emergency numbers if you are roaming . the exception to this are wifi-only tablets , which can not make calls at all . edit : if the device 's sim is locked , it detects the networks available and identifies it is own network , but does not register the device to the network . in the case of emergency calls , the phone does not need to be registered to the network , all calls to emergency numbers are allowed , regardless of the state of the sim or carrier subscription . even with no sim at all , the networks are detected and the carrier with the strongest signal is used .
with emergency calls you can dial only emergency numbers like 911 , 112 etc , they differ from country to country . and afaik in absence of a network/signal the emergency call is made using the available network of any network provider in region . so the main purpose of " emergency call " button is that when in emergency you can dial emergency numbers without unlocking your device .
just had the same issue on my asus transformer prime tablet . fixed by updating the timezone to the proper one , settings -> date and time .
have you tried removing and adding both account ? or adding secondary account as primary account . making secondary account primary may not be what you want but its worth a try .
just master reset device . it work for me with error - 101 . it will erase everything but it fix the error
have you tried erasing all user data on your device , then re-adding both accounts ? to do this , go to settings - security - wipe data .
since i cannot find any reference online to the gpu in the tm-mid777 , i thought i would post this as a general link for any model instead . install cpu z from the google play store and run it . it will display all hardware information on your current device . this is a sample screenshot , and can be very useful if you are buying a device , or doubt that a device is legitimate . there are a lot of clones out there and this is a great tool for that also .
i wanted to know , so i tried entering my password incorrectly repeatedly . ( motorola droid 3 - android 2.3.4 ) after 5 , 10 , and 15 attempts i was given a 30 second " cool down " where i could not try again . on the 15th attempt i was informed that if i entered my password incorrectly 5 more times i would be forced to re-sign in with my google account . so after 20 failed attempts , you can no longer try to enter a password - you must sign in with your google credentials . i would say you are reasonably secure from a brute-force password log in at the password screen . this does not take into account any other methods - just attempting to brute force . this answer may address methods that could be used to bypass the lock screen . to specifically address your concern about firefox for android 's stored passwords - you can disable firefox sync on a lost tablet ( mozilla 's instructions ) by changing your sync password . mozilla also suggests changing all of your passwords after it .
i have heard reports of batteries dying after being left in storage for extended periods . that is wrong assumption if your keeping your battery without working condition or when phone is switched off . there is no reason battery will die .
unlike ni-cd and ni-mh batteries , li-ion batteries primarily lose their capacity by calender time rather than by charge/discharge cycles . it is simply a fact of the chemistry . from the time the cell is assembled , it will lose capacity over time , regardless of whether it is in active use or sitting in a warehouse . stored unused , you are looking at up to 15-20% loss of capacity per year ( pg 4 , figure 5b ) with the battery just sitting on a shelf . though this is more a worst-case scenario , as the battery is being stored at 35° . to help prevent this capacity loss , you should store the battery cold . in the paper above , storing the battery at 5° c ( a few degrees warmer than an average kitchen fridge , which is ideally about 1.6° c ) reduced the capacity loss rate by about half . putting the battery in a nice airtight bag ( a small ziplock is good ) is highly recommended for fridge storage to prevent unfortunate incidents relating to spills and condensation .
within the messenger app , choose the overflow menu ( three vertical dots ) then choose Settings &gt; Location Services and check the box that enables location services for the app .
with the big google plus push this past year , google have been slowly moving to retire picasa web albums entirely . first , they made it so that all of your picasa albums are available via google+ photos , then they have set picasa 3 desktop application 's sharing options to google+ as the default , then they even started redirecting https://picasaweb.google.com/home address to google+ photo albums , and android gallery sync options are indeed gone in 4.2.2 version . as of this writing , the latest gapps package includes the following change log : all apps updated to 4.2.2 versions google play store updated to 3.10.14 google play services updated to 3.0.25 gmail2 . apk ( gmail ) and googleears . apk ( sound search for google play ) removed since they are available in the google play store --may require uninstalling and reinstalling gmail and sound search after flashing . keeps previous version 's photosphere/picasa sync install on mako , manta , and tuna . the last line means that the gallery , which is no longer a stand-alone app , and instead integrated with the camera app , is an older version in order to preserve the picasa sync functionality , while keeping the newer camera features such as pohtosphere . unfortunately this is only available on very few devices such as nexus 4 ( code name " mako" ) , nexus 10 ( code name " manta" ) , and the galaxy nexus family ( code name " tuna" ) . this is due to the camera apps not being open source on either google 's android core apps , or every other manufacturer 's ui overlay . it is therefore impossible to get the picasa sync code working on other devices . if you are willing to experiment a bit , there is an older version of an add-on to the main gapps package here which may help you get picasa sync back . you should flash this gapps-jb-picasa-20121011-signed.zip file after flashing the latest gapps . zip package . however , keep in mind that this add-on was designed for android 4.1 ( not 4.2 . x ) /cyanogenmod 10 ( not 10.1 , ) and will therefore remove any newer camera features . it may also cause other unforeseen issues and instabilities , so make sure to take a nandroid backup of your current rom before flashing that file .
the headphone jack has 3 channels . 1 mono mic and 1 stereo outputs . while you could modify a headset cord to input the mono channel from another set of headphone cables this would not produce any level of quality sound . i have a xperia x10 and the frequencies on the mic input are narrow . highly recommend you copy the music from the mp3 player to a computer and copy from the computer to your phone . add a larger micro sd card if necessary .
i just installed airbubble which is seen , in itunes , as an external speaker . works great .
i do not know of any way to make your phone a remote speaker alone but there are methods that would achieve basically the same result . without knowing your exact goal it is hard to give you a specific recommendation but here is one way to have audio stored on a seperate device play through you phones speaker/headphones : setting up a wireless media server will allow you to stream media from your computer to you phone . so while it is not simply acting as a speaker , you are able to hear media that is stored on your computer on your phone . there are numerous ways to do this like using dlna or any of the number of apps that serve media over wifi or 3g .
check you sd card for errors , preferably by powering down the phone , removing it and inserting into an sd reader . and always use " safely disconnect hardware " in windows system tray or unmount the usb mass storage device in linux .
i noticed a similar problem on my htc g2 recently after i migrated phones . deleting the thumbnails folder fixed the problem . see also : not all images showing up in gallery
a quite common cause for " disappearing media " is not restricted to photos only , but can also affect audio and video files : the media scanner checks each directory for a file named .nomedia ( this file can be empty , its content is not checked ) . if found , this directory including its subdirectories is skipped from scan -- which means , this media does not appear in the gallery . you can easily check if this might be the cause : use a file explorer ( e . g . es file explorer ) to check whether your media is where it should be ( i.e. . usually somewhere on your sd card ) . you can also check this from your computer via usb . if so , check all the tree along for a file named .nomedia ( note the leading dot ! ) . it may reside even in the root directory of your sd card -- or somewhere in the path to your media files if found , just delete it ( safe to do so -- you can re-create it anytime , it has no important content but is more likely even completely empty ) .
summing up from the comments : this very much depends on . . . the rom used the update format chosen for a specific update some roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) come with their own " updaters " , where special rules might apply . specifically , they might deliver " patch updates " , where only some files will be replaced . in those cases , no further action is required ( except for , maybe , a reboot ) . some other roms ship in specific formats , and might require special tools to be flashed ( e . g . odin or heimdall for samsung devices ) . again other roms are delivered using the update.zip principle , where a custom recovery is needed to install them . this update.zip may be a complete rom , or also just a patch . instructions usually are to be found where the updates are offered for download . in all above cases , some " initial steps " required for the first rom install can be skipped and must not be repeated , including . . . rooting your device ( custom roms usually come pre-rooted ) unlocking the bootloader ( unless you have re-locked it ) installing a custom recovery ( when it is already there , no re-install is required ; though there might be updates to this as well , and a newer custom rom might require a minimum version here as well . again , instructions should say so ) it is always a good idea to perform a backup before installing updates ( or tampering with system stuff in any other way ) . points to check for include : nandroid backup : a full " sector-wise " copy of all the important partitions . if things go wrong altogether , this enables you to revert to the exact state of when these backups were created logical full-backup : this is performed by tools like titanium-backup , and usually includes all your apps and data . so if something is missing after the rom update , you can substitute the necessary parts . ( note that titanium backup also can do that with nandroid-backups ) adb backup : quite similar to the previous one ( see the backup wiki for details and differences ) . note also that an ota-update is quite unlikely to happen with custom roms . some even include an app named fota-kill to " silence " the related update check . they either bring their own updater , or none altogether . in the latter case , the user has to check himself whether and when updates are available ; often a " reminder " can be setup by subscribing to the corresponding thread on xda ( or wherever the rom comes from ) , but actions have to be taken manually ( as described above ) . as i have shown until here , videos on updating your rom most likely do not exist as the process already has been described as part of the initial video ; though a few words like " for updating , skip to index ab:cd " would be a good idea ( and could be suggested in the comments ) . a special case are the google-apps ( short : gapps ) . whether you have to re-install them or not mainly depends on whether it was a " full update " ( complete rom ) , or the update just replaced some files . but it is easy to figure : when finished , just check if they are there and working . if not , you obviously have to flash them again . as a full-update replaces the entire partition content , gapps would be gone with that ; a " patch-update " would just replace/add some files , and not touch the gapps , so they had still be there . gapps are never part of a custom rom ( if they are , the " rom cook " is in trouble due to license issues ) .
i doubt that something like an sms/mms virus exists or is " in the wild " . if this mms was really originating from your phone , than this could only be caused by an malicious app . now , there are two ways how any app can send/receive sms/mms : by having the appropriate permissions you can easily find out which app has requested , and since you installed it , granted , which permissions that app got granted . see this question for tools . by exploiting the android system if there is an root exploit within the android system and within the dalvik vm , any app could use it to do anything . afaik as of android 2.3.5 there are no public known exploits . not sure what is the state in case of android 2.1 sms history editing the sms history is not necessary . the history is part of the ( stock ) sms client . if an android app uses to api to send an sms/mms the history is not involved .
unfortunately i do not know of a fresh and safe way to do this absolutely automatically but there are some tools which can help you with the same . for call logs and sms you can comfortably use these two apps and then transfer the backup files they create to you new phone . - sms backup and restore and call logs backup and restore for getting a list of your applications which you have currently installed , you may use appbrain app market . some time back this had a companion app to it called fast web installer . i believe apks are still available on the internet . this one will take a backup of your app list and fast web installer can restore the same on the other device . personally i recommend that you sign into your google account and go to all applications you have ever installed and manually handpick . this prevents useless or unused applications from your old phone to carry over to your new phone . contacts are automatically backed up at google and you can do the same for the pictures as well . if you want to transfer pictures , you can also transfer them via external sd card and just use the same sd card on your other phone .
if you have the kindle app installed , just open it and it should show a selection of the books you have purchased from the kindle store . books that have not been downloaded to your device yet are available via the " archived items " menu option that pops up when you press your device 's menu , you should be able to select and download any books there . if you have downloaded kindle compatible books from elsewhere on the internet , then if you move them into the " kindle " folder on your sd card , they should appear in the listing of books when you open the kindle app . you have two options to do this : plugging your phone into a pc and mounting the sd card as an external drive , using one of the many android file manager apps that are available from google play store .
my go-to guide is over at lifehacker 's always up-to-date guide to rooting any android phone . it does not list your device specifically , but if the superoneclick method does not work for you it sounds like " the pete method " might .
i think it might differ among apps . to figure out the app in question runs in background or not , just use system> apps> running services . if it is push notification , it consumes data only when it receives data . even if it runs in background it does not consume data .
polling for updates it depends on how the app is written . most commonly , the app uses android 's AlarmManager to run itself at intervals ( say , every hour ) to check for updates . some apps might do this to keep themselves in sync with server data regardless of whether notifications are turned on or off in the app , and may ( or may not ) have another setting to disable syncing completely . other apps might only run this periodic check if notifications are turned on , and only sync when you start the app yourself . however it controls that , you should expect that when the AlarmManager starts the app in the background , it runs for as it long as it takes to get any new data from the server , and then stops running when it is finished . it will then not run until the AlarmManager starts it again in another hour ( or however long it is set to wait ) . there is ( usually ) no need for the app to be running in the background the whole time , though of course a badly written app may do this . cached background processes do not forget that android keeps background processes in memory even when they have stopped running , unless/until another process needs to use that memory . if the app is ' stopped ' , it is not using any resources , not even if android is keeping it in memory . google cloud messaging apps can use google cloud messaging ( gcm ) to be ' pushed ' updates from servers ( i.e. . from " the cloud" ) . instead of being started at regular intervals to check for data , they are only started when new data are available . this means they use less power , because they are not being started unnecessarily ; and less data , because they only talk to the server when they know it has new data . as above , an app might use gcm to keep its data in sync with the server , even if notifications are turned off . it is an implementation detail of the app : it should not affect its observable behaviour , just how much power and data it uses . android itself keeps an open connection to google 's servers . there is only one such connection on the whole phone , so installing a new app that uses gcm does not use any extra resources . when the android system receives a gcm message for a particular app , it starts that app in the background to give it the message : the app does not need to have been running already . the app then runs , and reads the message . the size of gcm messages is severely limited , so the app may still need to contact the server to find out more . for example , the gcm message might just say how many new emails there are , and the client then needs to check the server to download the new emails . for flight details , it may be that the message only has a gate number or an updated departure time , so the app might not need to contact the server for more details . as before , when the app has finished processing the update , and it has created a notification if necessary , it can stop itself : it does not need to keep running .
in the context of android devices , the terms are often used interchangeably . host mode usb has two different kinds of endpoint ( connected device ) , like a client-server interface . one device is the computer ( or host ) , and it is in charge : it is the server . all the other devices ( the peripherals ) are the clients , and can only communicate with the server . usually , a device can only act in one of those two rôles : it would not make sense for ( say ) a keyboard to be the host . that is the way the protocol works , and the connectors are designed to make that easier for users : hosts have the rectangular a connector , and peripherals have either the square b connector or a mini- or micro- version . host mode is a name for when a device is acting as a host . every usb connection has exactly one device in host mode . pcs always run in host mode . ( you would not usually call it that for a pc , because it is not really a " mode " , it is always like that . ) usb-otg a phone is a bit different , though . sometimes you want it to act as a peripheral : for example , so you can plug it into a pc , so the pc can access the phone 's storage . sometimes you want it to act as a host : for example , to connect a physical keyboard or mouse to it . this is why many android devices now support usb host mode as well as usb peripheral mode : they can act in either rôle . but how can you make this work , when a host 's usb socket is different from a peripheral 's ? this is where usb-on-the-go ( otg ) comes in . it adds an extra pin to the micro-usb socket . if you plug a normal a-to-b usb cable , the device acts in peripheral mode . if you connect a special usb-otg cable , it has the pin connected at one end , and the device at that end acts in host mode . this can be a little confusing if one cable has seemingly identical plugs at either end , which do different things . but cables with usb-otg at both ends are uncommon : it is more common to use an adaptor , which has a host-mode usb-otg plug at one end , and a rectangular usb-a socket on the other . you can plug a normal usb cable into this adaptor , and it will work normally . conclusion the names refer to two different parts of the usb technology , but they are very similar . after all , if a device " supports usb-otg , " it must support acting in " host mode " . the converse is often the case , but not always . most android devices that support host mode do so via usb-otg , but there are a few counterexamples : the original asus eee pad transformer , for example , has usb-a sockets in its keyboard , allowing it to act in host mode without a usb-otg cable . and of course pcs support host mode without usb-otg . so although the terms are usually used to mean the same thing in the android world - can i plug a usb stick into my phone ? - and for most devices it makes no difference which you are talking about , there is a distinction .
well it hasnt worked for me but you can try turning off the phone and do not turn it on but press and hold the home button the volume up button and then hold the power button along with it and itll take you to a special bootup and you need to format and do all the stuff listed and then click reboot phone
push and install a launcher app to your android device from http://play.google.com ( pc ) .
i figured this out only after months of being without most of my phone 's functionality and taking it to a 3rd-party repair place that declared it " unrepairable " . it is stupidly easy : download an apk of your home launcher ( i got one from here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/archive/index.php/t-1125331.html ) e-mail it to yourself use voice commands to send yourself a test e-mail . if you do not have gmail set up , then it will give you the screens you need for configuration . e-mail the apk to yourself . when you check your gmail on your phone you should see an " install " button next to the attachment name . install it and enjoy your new old phone .
put a shortcut to the alarm clock and , optionally , a clock widget on a separate home screen .
i went to https://www.google.com/dashboard/b/0/ and found the section labeled " android device" ; that had a link labeled " more data stored about this device " . clicking that opened a popup window that showed a disappointingly short list of apps that had backed up some of their data : just some of the built-in apps from google .
i was ( still am ? ) having a similar issue . pandora will load but not play songs . or sometimes if it does manage to load and play a song , it will skip to the next song prematurely . i ' restarted ' the phone and that did not fix the issue . i should have shut it down completely and then tried again as a test but instead i reseated the sd card securely after shutting down and it seems to have fixed it . so my solution that worked was either shutting down completely or else reseating the card . we will see how long it lasts . update : today ( the next day ) my phone is having issues again . going into Task Manager &gt; Ram &gt; Clear memory seems to have fixed it this time although i do not think it fixed it yesterday . very peculiar problem . it seems that my problem might be different than yours but i found that having twitter installed can cause problems with youtube , pandora , etc . i uninstalled and it seems to be helping with my specific issues .
i had this same problem on my dinc a while ago . at least for me , i narrowed it down to song buffering . when just about anything happened that changed my data connectivity ( received sms , briefly lost 3g signal ) pandora would not be able to keep up ; the song i was listening to would play through as much of it as pandora had buffered before the network interruption then would stop abruptly and switch to a new song . very annoying ! even when my data connection was strong , as you mention yours was , pandora was very picky . since that time my listening habits have changed but i have also found pandora to be more stable over the intervening updates .
it could be that you are using a battery saver app . i use juice defender and i think that is causing the issue . juice defender tries to save battery by killing the 3g signal after you turn off the screen for a bit . so you can just deactivate it when you are using pandora .
make sure you have a full signal . try running it with nothing else running . the resources might be getting used by another app and makes pandora freak out . i know on my droid x2 i have a problem with it skipping songs on me .
i had this same problem . i just figured out what was causing it on my system . it turns out that i was using yahoo mail client on my android phone and everytime i got an email , pandora would pause for a second . it does not appear that there is a way to change the frequency with which the yahoo client checks email from continuous to some lesser frequency ( such as every two hours ) . this , unfortunately leaves me with the difficult choice between yahoo mail and pandora . pandora will win this battle for sure .
while solid coverage is definitely required for solid playback from pandora , assuming that is the case ( and it is not caused by the way pandora inserts advertisements ) , the pauses are most likely related to a low memory condition as a result of memory leaks caused by applications that address contexts in a certain manner . in other words , it is a flaw in the android os that even allows this to be an issue , imo . while you could remove the offending apps ( if you knew which ones they were ) , another way this can be dealt with is by getting a task killer that automatically closes unused apps . then again , you could load another rom , doing away with the bloated default apps from the telco and solve the remaining problems with scripts or a task-killer of your own .
you could try booting into fastboot mode , and then use fastboot -w . this command wipes userdata and cache , and thus should be equivalent to a factory-reset . for more information , there is a list of fastboot commands , and of course our fastboot tag-wiki .
problem solved ! i flashed cwm to the phone using heimdall for mac , then loaded a gapps file from a zip i had copied to the phone . works like a charm . thank you rossc for all your help .
unbind the gmail account . clear google play data . bind the gmail account .
unfortunately , without a backup of the app ( android 2.1+ needed for authenticator app after 0.62 ) that you had earlier , you will need the app apk from someone who still has it or hunt around for this old version . you can still use 2-step verification by opting to receive the verification code via sms or by using the one time codes that were generated when you originally signed up for 2-step verification .
that usb input in the honda pilot only supports certain drivers . it looks like it has support for standard flash thumb drives and ipod products . android comes preloaded with the drivers necessary to communicate with windows so until honda updates the stereos driver support or someone puts the necessary drivers to interface with the pilot on your device i believe you will be out of luck .
do you have the usb set to the right setting ? settings-> applications-> usb settings-> [ mass storage or media player ] try all the different settings , it is not obvious which one the car is happy with ( if any ) also under settings -> applications -> development try turning on [ usb debugging ] .
try downloading the update . zip again to ensure it is not a bad download . try updating your version of clockworkmod recovery , i think the latest version for your phone is 6.0.3.1 . get into fastboot mode and ensure you have the drivers installed . you can flash this by downloading the relevant file and running the command fastboot flash recovery &lt;recoveryfile&gt; ( replace with the filename of the recovery you downloaded ( eg recovery-clockwork-touch-6.0.3.1-crespo4g . img ) if that fails you could try flashing the factory image again . download the factory image from here and unzip . there should be a flash-all . bat which will restore your phone to stock . note that this operation deletes all user data by default . ( although i guess you have already wiped so nothing left to delete ! )
i have no idea how to stop that behavior through os , and i found no reference either . connect it either to a ups if the drop out period is long otherwise connect it through a stabilizer if the current drops at a very higher rate , like a blinking of a bulb . otherwise i do not think it would be good for your phone 's charging system . you could also use usb charging .
it is probably doable , but i very much doubt that you can do this with the default ( unmodified ) factory firmware . custom firmwares such as cyanogenmod may allow you to do this . your mileage may vary and you may even need to modify or recompile these custom firmwares to get what you want .
the snoozy app will let you manage this . ( see this answer for details . )
i did not like this behavior either and even though i have a custom ( or more like modified ) stock rom ( removing the bloatware and rooting it ) it did not change this behavior . however , i found that setting the screen timeout to the lowest value of 15 seconds did the trick in that it would force the phone to go back to sleep by shutting off the screen in 15 seconds after it comes to life , this meant that there was minimal loss of power while unattended , maybe that would help you since there is no way to stop the behavior altogether .
if you want to stick with your google calendar as backend and frontend , you might wish to check calendar event reminder . you can tell that app which calendars to look at , and to annoy you until you are going crazy . i almost guarantee you cannot miss such a reminder ! i have used the app for quite some time , before . . . i switched to a different calendar frontend : business calendar . very configurable again , also concerning reminders : vibrates and makes " subtle noises " ( i have told him so ) until i lose my nerves and switch it off : ) there are probably a lot of similar approaches . but i know of no way to even come near to one of them without any 3 rd party tool being involved .
the apk file is stored in the internal memory still , it is in the ' data ' folder . i do not think you can do much about that with earlier versions of android but if you find a way then please let me know !
while is there an app for x is off-topic here ( see what topics can i ask about here ? ) , still a short hint : a search for " dlna subtitle " turns up good candidates , e.g. media server pro ( yes , only the payed version for ~ 1 buck ) or wondershare player ( free ) . both claim to support subtitles , and the search results in 31 hits currently ( so chances are there are more likely candidates ) .
do the following : go to app info for gmail : open app drawer and drag up the gmail icon to the option app info . tap the button clear data . confirm the operation . wait for gmail sync . you will be greeted again as if it was the first time you opened gmail , but recent labels list will be cleared .
if it is the official roms , then it is very easy and chances of anything going wrong are slim-to-none . you should just do it . downgrading should also be pretty straightforward if you want to stick with official firmwares - it would be a case of downloading pc odin and the firmware you want from a site like sammobile . i have done this with a galaxy note which is from the same family of handsets . many people who have problems find that they can solve them with a wipe and just re-installing what they want . this has resolved battery issues for some . ics is worth the risk . yes , there are ui changes and you will probably notice the phone being a bit faster to respond , but there are many other changes as well . for instance , some real-world useful features include wi-fi direct , improved web browsing and proxy support . if you plan on keeping the handset long enough you may see some applications will require ics as a minimum version as this is the first unified phone + tablet version of android .
while file expert is a good app there are great apps out there . i was hesitant to switch because i did not want to install another app for ftp sharing , but i discovered solid explorer . it is the best file manager app for android , bar none . it has an exceptional text editor with optional monospace font ( ! ) , size setting and line wraps can be disabled ! and of course root support out of the box . all for the great price of 0$. ( thought it is in beta , so that might change . ) it also includes ftp/sftp/smb/cifs browsing , support for google drive , dropbox , box and skydrive . and so many other goodies that there is not enough space here to list it all .
file expert at the moment cannot open such files . i recommend using the app called es file explorer ! it is free and you just enable root option in the properties , and you have root access . do not buy file expert 's root plugin as it is a waste of money ! ! !
i am pretty sure what you are asking for is a firewall , so by searching for that i have found what seems to be a very popular app that might work for you : droidwall - front-end application for the powerful iptables linux firewall . allows you to restrict which apps can access the network . i tried finding some other alternatives for you , but every page i find seem to list this firewall as a recommendation , so it might be either really good or there might not be a lot of firewall apps out there ( or both ) : ) it does require root . happy firewalling !
you may be thinking of lbe privacy guard . it needs root and can grant or deny other apps various permissions on a case-by-case basis . whether you trust a security solution from an otherwise unknown chinese vendor is for you to decide .
yes , assuming the device has been rooted and someone has engineered the update to work with your specific device . how fast that happens depends on how hard the devices manufacturer has made it , and how active the community is . its not as simple as just loading windows on a computer . i asked a similar question a while ago . check out the answers for more detail : what is involved in installing android onto a device ?
for this to work , your nexus 5 will need the " always listening " mode . it is not supported on this handset officially , but there are community developers working on enabling this feature . as of this writing , the development is still in a ( semi- ) working proof of concept stage .
try with these settings : http://apn.gishan.net/settings/os_12_11_android_4.4kitkat_internet_and_mms_settings_for_straight_talk.php should work . sorry . site does not allow me to copy the settings . how ever if you cannot receive mms that should be a data problem . please check you can access data properly . mms apn is only for sending mms . do you receive mms notification at least ?
you can still get the apk of an app with applications like es file explorer , appmonster or titanium backup . but i do not know if they back up datas when the apk is built .
having now read more about the apk file format , i think i can now safely answer my own question with " it is impossible " . an apk file does not contain a data structure which is " unpacked " on install like the packages used by , for example , most linux distributions . instead , an apk is simply a self-contained , rebadged jar file that contains the application 's bytecode , manifest and certificate and nothing else . the contents of /data/data/[appname] are presumably created by the application code when it is first run ( or at some future point ) , and there is no way of embedding such data into an apk so that the system automatically moves it to the correct destination at install time .
another option , which works to get the apk of any installed app , is to get it from /data/app/ ( or /system/app/ ) using a file browser or terminal , etc . you will need root to do that on the device though ; it is easier just to use titanium backup in that case . without root : from your pc you can use adb pull for some locations . carbon automates this .
install the app from play store and use astro file manager to backup apps . from backup directory , you can get apk files of the installed app .
assuming you have configured your device with a google account , and have already used google play store with it , the easiest way is to visit google play store via web browser from your pc login with your account select any keyboard app you like ( e . g . the standard google keyboard ) trigger the installation from there . shortly thereafter you should see the installation starting on your device ( provided it is connected to the internet , of course ) . once that is finished , the keyboard should automatically be available .
try : 1 ) you can install gapps for your model if available . 2 ) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jlsoft.inputmethod.latin.jelly.free 3 ) http://google-keyboard.en.softonic.com/android
maybe access control is a solution ? guard mode : calls , notes , gallery , text messages will be hidden and launcher editing is disabled access control : choose what applications are password protected to run
you might want to check for " app lockers " like e.g. app lock , which allow you to password-protect apps , or use even more restrictive child protection apps like e.g. child app protector , which can sandbox an environment ( also called " kiosk mode" ) . a somehow " special " solution would be app locker ii : fake crash , which in " protected mode " displays a fake force-close message so people do not get the idea you protected something .
you could try changing your system language and then see if play store takes the cue . but if the system language has been coded into the build . prop then it would be of no use as your play store would still show chinese version and apps specific to china . the only alternative you have is try to flash a european/wwe ruu for your phone . read up on what ruu is else you could possibly brick your phone . you problem is similar to this . try this thread on xda
for anyone that arrives here via google like i did , here is how i got into recovery mode : device : galaxy s i9000m ( the int'l version of i9000 ) rom : cyanogenmod 10 ( cm10 ) the three button combo that used to work ( vol up + power + home ) did not work . however , holding both volume button and power ( no home ) launched me into recovery pronto . hope this helps out a fellow google traveler . cheers .
ok . i found the correct combination . it seems that the recovery distributed with cyanogenmod 10 m2 for galaxysmtd is really picky about the hardware buttons . here 's how you can boot to recovery : start with galaxy s powered off press and hold volume up + home press and hold power button wait for ( factory default ) galaxy s gt-i9000 boot display to show up release the power button before the second boot display with text " cyanogen ( mod ) " shows up . keep holding the volume up + home buttons . wait for recovery to start . after you see the recovery menu , you can release the volume up and home buttons . if you fail to release the power button before the second boot display , you cannot get it to go into the recovery mode . instead it will enter the normal boot sequence which seems to fail if you keep holding the power button . on the other hand , if you do not keep buttons pressed long enough , it will enter the normal boot sequence , again . i have not figured out if holding the home button is really required but at least it does not prevent entering the recovery mode .
for me work : vol up + home + power ( release power after showing galaxy s gt-i9000 boot display and continue with vol up + home )
hold the power button as you usually do for " power off " . then , select the option " recovery" ; it will enter into the recovery mode .
i think gtalk uses port 5228 , and the notifications and market downloads both use the gtalk protocol internally .
you have to tell the mail application to delete the messages from the server explicitly . this options is provided during the initial setup , but is also accessible from the account setup options . change " delete message from server " from " never " to " when i delete from inbox " . this was not part of my original answer , but was added by the editor : this is fine if you do all your email on your handheld , but if you need to leave messages on the server for any reason ( you deal with some later on computers at home or work ) your android will keep grabbing other old messages to take their place until your set maximum is filled . this seems to be a bug or at least a weakness in the platform .
use the bluestacks help in all apps , then when you launch it select the default android browser app . works great : )
yes , it is supported by ics or higher android versions . but , it is not easy to find an otg cable on the market . if you are like me and do not like waiting for ebay to have it shipped to you , here 's a youtube link to make one yourself . requires some experience
usb host mode was introduced with honeycomb ( android 3.1 , see changelog . this clearly explains why it failed on your gingerbread ( 2.3 ) device -- and also should answer your question whether it is supported by ice cream sandwich ( android 4.0 ) and above : yes , it should work . as ov1d1u explained in his answer , it will require a " usb otg cable " ( otg stands for " on-the-go" ) . does fine on my cat stargate 2 btw : )
yes . i have a ( cheap ) tablet with android 4.0.4 and i use a physical usb keyboard with it . i just needed an usb otg cable , a standard usb cable will not work .
personally , i have found software solutions to this kind of thing to be more hassle than they are worth . do you mind if your devices are physically close to each other ? if not , i recommend a cheap hardware solution : 2 x 3.5mm stereo male / 3.5mm stereo female , 6 inch you could buy a 3.5mm extension cable to give yourself more flexibility if you need your devices a little farther apart . all of these kinds of cables are basically the same ; search around amazon , or your online market of choice , for the deal that fits you best .
try this : go to contact list select contact open menu , and press the " block " button ( or " add to blocklist" ) i also found call guard in the play store . maybe you take a look at it .
you can use the tried and tested Call Barring method Go to Settings select Call Settings look for Call barring now select All Incoming enter your default pin ( 1234 ) there , all incoming calls will be blocked . you may still be able to place calls unless you barred that too . this feature is carrier network dependent and it already exists in the dumbphone era . still useful though .
go to call forwarding menu and forward all calls to voicemail
i am pretty sure this is called trickle charging . it is basically useless in modern lion battery as the safety mechanism in the battery should have turned off the charging mechanism when the battery is near full capacity to prevent over charging , because over charging a lion battery could cause explosion .
assuming you are certain these games are being installed as time goes on rather than merely being part of the myriad apps samsung preinstalls on all is phones , i would consider backing up your data and doing a factory reset although it is annoying . it sounds like there is some kind of malicious code that is installed on your phone and it could be doing worse things than installing games ( eg capturing your keystrokes ) . search google for how to back up your android phone - there are lots of guides . the factory reset will put your phone on the same condition it was in out of the box software wise . from then on be very careful about what you install , what webpages you visit and what email attachments you open . good luck !
i had a similiar problem . in my case it was the android emulator " bluestacks " . i connected bluestacks to my google account and ( automatically ) activated synchronising . bluestacks provided some games and installed them on my phone . long time i dod not know why this happenes but than i saw this sync seeting in bluestacks . maybe you hava similar problem . alternativly there are apps downloading other apps . there is an app checking if this happens . but unfortunately i do not remember it is name .
can you boot into recovery mode ( vol up + home + power button combo ) or download mode ( vol down + home + power button combo ) ? if not , have it checked by a service center .
that screen is meant to be just a list of your apps . as you are using samsung 's built-in touchwiz interface , one thing you can do is move those apps around , so that they are in an order you like and related apps are on the same page . just press the menu button , and press edit and you should see little ( - ) signs appear on the apps , now you can drag them around to change their order , or drag them to the left or right edge of the screen to move them to a different screen . however the better way to do this , is by arranging the apps on your home screen , rather than the apps list . you can have up to 7 home screens on a galaxy s , and you can add things like folders to the home screens to further organize your apps . think of the home screen as being a bit like the windows desktop , you can add/remove/organize shortcuts to apps here and even delete them as much as you like and it will not cause any problems . to copy an app 's icon from the app list to the home screen , just long-press on it for a second or two and then the view should change from the app list to the home screen , and you can drop the icon wherever you want . add folders to the home screen by long-pressing on an empty bit of the home screen , then select folders , new folder . as long as the folder was open when you left the home screen , you can drag an icon from the apps list to there the same way . to move an app around the home screen , long-press on it , and then drag it to where you want , or drag to the remove bar at the bottom to delete the icon . on a galaxy s with touchwiz you can add or remove home screens ( up to 7 of them ) by going to the home screen , pressing menu , sleect edit and then either press the ( + ) sign if available to add , or drag a screen to the remove area at the bottom to remove . if you have froyo ( android 2.2 ) you can also do a pinch zoom out on the home screen to swap between screens , or add/remove screens .
go to inbox , press MENU button and click on Refresh . now , open the email again . in the gmail app , there is no way to refresh the current email , you can only refresh your inbox . when you refresh inbox , emails are downloaded ( in text format ) to your inbox . images from the email were downloaded on opening the email .
i read that this procedure here helped others . you should give it a try . following the advice from znewman i am " copy-pasting " the instructions here . the article refers to galaxy nexus w/ android 4.0.2 but you can follow similar steps for other scenarios too . download the factory images to your pc . unzip the file and its contents into your sdk/tools folder ( wherever your adb . exe and fastboot . exe files are ) . *make sure they are not in their own folder , but have all been extracted to tools . from within your tools folder , open a command prompt ( shift + right click – “open command prompt here” ) : type the following commands , allowing each to finish before moving onto the next : ` reboot your phone by highlighting “start” and pressing the lock switch . it really is as simple as that . your phone is now back to a 100% stock , unrooted and locked state .
well , i think you are friend has guided you over the wrong direction its not the malware it has happened because of rooting the device . tell you what this is another demerits of rooting sometimes it results in less stable rom which i guess is the case with you you have rooted you device , means all the restriction imposed by your carrier gets removed means let me give you a short example now you are device is free to function like the way you want it . suppose you have installed an application which under rooted condition wakes the core for only one minute and then let it over the standby process because of the limitation imposed . but now the same core is busy for more than the stipulated time because your device restriction is removed and it will work according to the way you want . so , it results in performance but the battery life started suffering . it can be said as some of the disadvantages of rooting your device , i would say you might have heard the term rooting is not advised and is mainly intended for developers .
i now have gingeryoshi 1.5 running on my htc magic 32a , so i will answer my own question and explain how it went . as for the radio 6.35 , answer is yes , you can use it with the gingeryoshi for 32a new radio . here is how i swithed from 2.2.1 cm6.1 radio 3.22 to 2.3.5 gingeryoshi 1.5 radio 6.35 1 ) i reverted my htc magic back to the stock rom 1.5 + sense , this to simply revert to the new 6.35 radio . i did the update by connecting the phone to usb and running the ruu ruu_sapphire_htc_europe_3.05.401.1_test_signed_nodriver . exe 2 ) then i had to reinstall a recovery , as we have radio 6.35 we need a hero recovery , that is amonra 1.6.2 for hero ( the 1.7.0 wont work with magic ) 3 ) i flashed 1.76.2007 spl at this point only thing left is to flash gingeryoshi . from recovery , do a full wipe . ( i did not care about having an ext partition , so i left my sdcard untouched ) 4 ) flashing " ginger yoshi 1.5 new radio 32a . zip " from recovery following install procedure , answering the questions in order : - no ext - zeam launcher - no swap on ext - big density reboot : new htc logo with hiding bugdroid enjoy gingeryoshi 1.5 and android 2.3.5 , so far everything seems to be working fine , and no more troubles with my simcard . quadrant now gives 387 instead of 299 with cm6.1 :- )
in the first post on that thread , on the line right below where they tell you to flash the new radio , there is a link to the bug tracker , follow that and there is a list of " general questions " . the "32a " section of those questions is : 32a q : can i use the new 6.35 radio ? a : no ! ! it says so in the rom 's op , you should be using the old 3.22 radio , and the 1.33.2009 or 1.33.2010 spl . q : what kernel should i use ? a : this one . . . so it looks like that is the radio kernel that you need to use ? also at the bottom of that first post it has this line : ginger yoshi download folder all roms inside as well as kernels and add on http://www.mediafire.com/?cabub1g3y37gj you will notice that folder has a file in it called " ginger yoshi 1.4 new radio 32a . zip "
try the smart swf player app .
your browser should be able to open a swf directly if you have flash installed . if clicking on the file does not do it , then your file extensions for swf need to be set up , to associate swf with your preferred browser .
the slideout keyboard comes with quick keys which you can assign to quickly open an app or an item when pressed . open the slideout keyboard . press and hold shortcut key #1 to assign the first quick key . press and hold shortcut key #2 to assign the second quick key . tap ok tap apps or shortcuts , and then tap the app or shortcut that you want to assign to the selected quick key . if you are assigning a shortcut to an item on your phone , follow the screen instructions to proceed . press the quick key you’ve assigned . the app or item opens . source : http://www.htc.com/help/www/howto_iframe.aspx?id=18599type=1p_id=325
i had this phone , and i had this problem . your " search " key is stuck down -- press it a few times to unstick it . this model has a feature where you can press search+e to open email . ( it is , in fact , fully configurable . ) when the search button gets stuck , those shortcuts activate , leading to the behavior you describe .
this seems like an issue that has been reported to the android development team . i am not sure if it is specific to the droid x , but even the work item relates to the droid x . if that is the case , i do not know if that is technically an android issue , but a motoblur issue , as the droid x runs the motoblur version of android . also , yes , that is what " never use secure password " means .
there is a lot of mixing up because the " aagh tinfoil hats " brigade are very mixed up themselves . there is no evidence that any radio emissions from mobile phones have any health effects whatsoever . you get a larger radio dose from your local tv transmitter than the phone in your pocket . to answer your specific questions : yes , you are safe from rf if there is no 3g functionality , or if there is 3g functionality for that matter . if you turn on wi-fi , it emits radio waves ( that is how it works ! ) regardless of whether it is connected to a network or scanning for networks . as you say , emf is just the " spill-off " from any electrical appliance or even cable . the emf from tablets is almost too little to measure : it is several orders of magnitude less than from anything with an electric motor , such as a hairdryer or fan . neither rf nor emf emissions from tablets or mobile phones are hazardous to health at all . a case to reduce the rf emissions is a bit pointless . wi-fi , bluetooth , and 3g protocols all feature methods for the transmitter to change its transmission strength as necessary . blocking the transmission just makes it transmit with more power , running your battery down faster .
yes , if you was a administrator of group , and you remove yourself from group whatsapp add you as a ordinary user .
if you have root you can do as suggested and use titanium backup to remove the stock email app . if you are not rooted you can remove the duplicate notification by going into the stock email app , settings , and then delete your email account from the app . if you want to keep your account you can also go into your phone settings and find the application manager , swipe over to the all apps tab , find the stock email app and uncheck show notifications ( if your android version is jelly bean ) .
google migrated to using the mobile interface for tablets in android 4.2 you will not be able to change to the previous button arrangement on your stock rom . you could root your phone and install a custom rom such as paranoid android to get back your old button arrangement . hope this helps .
you can root your phone and install a custom rom . also , there is an app called full ! screen for rooted phones i believe . it let 's you remove the buttons and then reposition them . not sure if it is the right app . otherwise . . just search the play store for root apps related to buttons
the new version replaces the old version , just like upgrading to a new windows version or a new version of ubuntu on your pc . also , it is not the case that the kernel is the same for ics and jb . ics uses a linux kernel based on the 3.0.1 release , whereas jb 's kernel is based on 3.0.31 . android-specific patches to the kernel were also added between the two versions , to support new driver features . but you can downgrade a device to an older version if you have a rom image to downgrade to , whatever kernel versions they use . the only difference the kernel version makes is that if a device was not designed to support a particular kernel version , the manufacturer would have to supply device drivers for the target kernel in order to make a suitable rom .
i can not see the point of doing this when then are commercially available solutions . search using the keywords " mobile power bank " . sure this is an interesting project and you can probably save a couple of bucks , but remember you are traveling in a plane , where you might need to explain to the security officers how your homebrew or " hackish " solution is not an improvised terror weapon .
many laptop nowadays supports charging over usb while sleeping/suspended . so you only need a long usb cable , and put your laptop under the seat in front of you in sleep mode . a 1.5m cable is best but 1m would work as well .
you could use an app like tasker . next to location and time , tasker can also act on certain system events . i use this e.g. to " switch to night mode " when i place my droid2 onto its docking station , turning it ( amongst others ) into " silent " mode . similarly , you can have it react on " bluetooth connected " , and have all volumes adjusted to your convenience -- e.g. notification volume to 0 , but media volume to 6 ( for some music ) . many more possibilities wait there . . .
yes , all rooted apps theoretically can use the entire system , including all facilities that otherwise need app permissions . they could also modify the permissions database " under the radar " to grant its non-root part more permissions than were requested at install time . you have to trust root-using apps not to violate their given permissions .
i am using the private internet access app for the same situation . it has a " kill switch " to prevent the leaking . it only works with the private internet access vpn service though .
go to the tablet 's system settings/account . set automatic sync . go to google account . check sync people details . check sync app details . check sync calendar .
try these things : go to the tablet 's system settings/account ( google ) , tap your account name , make sure calendar is checked for sync . go to the calendar app 's settings , tap your account name , and make sure the calendars that you want synced are checked . or settings--> apps--> click on the all tab--> calendar . then clear data . then go back to settings--> accounts--> google--> tap on calender for sync . short cut name will change according to which android version you are using .
please note , this solution will work on some android phones , but not all of them . as of right now your best bet is to make a group . go to contacts or people ( depends on phone ) , view your groups , and then create a new one ( usually done by selecting menu and then add group . then add the contacts you want to that group ( it might be easiest to go online from a computer and do this . then go into the settings of your groups or from the main contact screen and see if you can only show that group as visible . on my phone i cannot select individual groups to show and not show . but i think other android phones can do this . look for a " view " option .
as a workaround , and taking inspiration from @webs answer - why not create an additional google account , enter your bluetooth contacts in that account ( by importing/exporting via the web interface ) and sync that to your phone .
have there been any progress on this ? i did find a program , " bluetooth file transfer " from medieval software , but have not been able to try it yet . http://www.medieval.it ) ok , i tried it , but was unsuccessful
i suspect that the events for which you get notifications have a reminder set in them . so the easiest way to get rid of the notifications is to turn off the reminders in the events themselves . typically , you would not have a reminder in the birthday event but if the event came from somewhere else ( like outlook or other phone ) then the reminder might get added to it . i had this problem on some phones . . . however , it could be very tedious to remove reminders individually if you have many events with unwanted reminders . the second part of the question : i would use tasker app for that . however , you have to pay for it . i am aware of a free automation app automateit ( sorry can not add a link because i do not have enough rep here ) and from description it looks like it can also kill sound based on a rule but i have not used it myself so will not comment . for tasker there are instructions on how to implement " sleep mode " with which the phone with " shut up " at night . if you go down this path i can assist more since i have set this up on my phone and it works quite well .
if it is an htc , theres an option to set " reminders " to " none " instead of the default 10 minutes . it is just under the " description " box in the new event screen . ** * ** * ** * *i am stupid . you said google calendar , i skipped that part when reading the post title . if you go to your online calendar (google.com/calendar) you can edit the event and click the " x " next to " reminders " , and that will remove the alarm on your calendar ( and device , as long as device syncs ) . hope this helps !
i have just published the new version of nudnik calendar notifications . this app integrates seamlessly with your google calendar . there is a quiet hours feature so you can set not to be notified for certain hours . you will get the notifications when the quiet hours are over . check it out - it has the best nag features ( popup , sound , led , vibrations ) + other cool stuff like shake-to-stop/snooze , notify events without reminders , quite hours , and much more ! https://market.android.com/details?id=amprogz.nudnik.full thanks : )
no , the stock android browser ( chrome ) does not have support for websocket . but other browsers e.g. opera has support for it in the latest release , but it is disabled . see compatibility tables for support of html5
the browser in honeycomb 3.2 does support websockets .
neither gingerbread nor honeycomb browsers support web sockets . however , firefox beta v . 7 and firefox aurora ( which is a nightly of v . 8 ) both support the current spec of web sockets off the box .
just did a little investigation . . . my xoom ( currently up to date ) , does not support the following : websockets , sse ( server sent events ) , webworkers , getusermedia ( ) ; : ( x4
open My Files . create a new folder ( e . g . notifications ) copy mp3 files to newly-created folder go to sms message select Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Select Ringtone
you can do this with an app called grooveip : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gvoip i have it on my og droid , which is no longer activated on vzw , and use it as my " house phone " with my google voice number .
no , google voice does not work over data . you can use a voip solution or do some complicated things with sip accounts and clients to make use of your voice account over data , but this is not supported by google or the voice app .
if your computer is a windows pc , i recommend using snap pea described as " android 's best friend " . theres a short video tutorial , as well as explanation on the main front page of its functions . ( having never used it myself i am not sure if it transfer videos , but as its free you have nothing to lose ) http://www.snappea.com/ if you are using an apple mac and your phone is incompatible with htc sync manager , then i recommend using air droid which is browser based . http://www.airdroid.com/
one way would be to use websharing lite available at google play/android market . once installed , you can navigate to an address set up by websharing via your computer and transfer any files you need . edit : there are many applications to do this as pointed out by @richard-borcsik below . this is just one off the top of my head . if you establish a google account for your android device and then log into gmail for that google account , the contacts that you have on the phone/device automatically show up in your gmail contacts list . at least , that has been my experience . so you may not really need a separate application to transfer/update contacts .
sshdroid supports sftp . i am not sure there is any point of doing sftp through a usb cable though , who are you securing against ?
i realize this question is a bit old and therefore the original poster may no longer benefit from this answer , but i ama try anyhow , just in case anyone else has this exact same question . i have this working flawlessly ( as far as i can tell ) on devices running versions of android ranging from 2.2 up to 4.3 , all using dropbear , however it took a bit of searching to find the solution . what the problem is , put simply , dropbear ( as included in most android app markets ) does not apparently include the binary for sftp-server for some unfathomable reason . the ( somewhat ) simple fix was found in the discussion thread for issue #1 at the droidsshd google code project . i will now explain that solution step by step for future visitors to this question . install droidsshd or dropbear app from your favorite android market app . configure appropriately so that it is working fine for normal ssh connections . try sftp root@&lt;your droid ip address&gt; to confirm it as non-working and to get an error message telling you where it is expecting to find the sftp-server binary at . download the sftp-server binary found in comment #6 of the aforementioned issue #1 discussion . use whatever available means necessary to get that sftp-server binary into your device 's sdcard . ( i prefer airdroid personally , but your favorite method will work equally well i am sure . ) ssh into your droid device and copy that binary into the appropriate folder from the error message above in step 3 . ( you may need to create a folder or two if they do not exist yet . i did . ) ssh root@&lt;your droid ip address&gt; mkdir -p &lt;path to expected folder&gt; cp /mnt/sdcard/sftp-server &lt;path to expected folder&gt; if the previous command failed , try " mount -o remount , rw /" to mount the appropriate partition as read/write then try the previous copy command again . rm /mnt/sdcard/sftp-server by this time you should be in a position to restart the dropbear server and then enter an sftp://root@droid/ style address in dolphin ( or whatever similar method in your file manager of choice ) . this method has worked for me ( on four different devices thus far ) . i hope it helps you , too .
i had the same problem for too long now and stumbled upon this question . since this is a usb operation , using encryption ( ssh ) provides no useful security , but will tax the two cpus , drain the phone battery and might reduce transfer speed . i am therefore very happy to say that i am transferring a 4gb file at 9.2mb/s from my phone to my ubuntu machine using usb tethering and primitive ftpd . primitive ftpd is a plain ftp server , so it does not have this encription/decryption overhead and is also foss ( available through f-droid ) , so it does not require me to have a google account and sacrifice privacy for access to apps . perfect !
the reason for using sftp over usb is speed and convenience . mtp is unsatifactory , and transfering files over wifi is slow . for those of you who have my setup ( gsm galaxy nexus with cyanogenmod 9 rc2 or later ) here 's how to manage files on your device with maximum convenience and speed . install digisshd ( and digicontrol ) on phone connect phone to pc via usb cable on phone , go to settings > wireless and networks > more . . . > tethering and portable hotspot > check " enable usb tethering " done . exit settings . the first time setting up digisshd on phone , open digisshd and enable it ( so it becomes active ) . since i am running kde , i use dolphin . here 's how to manage files on my phone with dolphin . ( you could do the same with nautilus , but the syntax may be different . ) sftp://android@192.168.99.199:2222/mnt/sdcard/ this assumes the default port of 2222 . you can change password , port , etc . in digisshd settings . once it is set up , establishing the connection is super easy . and managing files via a real file manager is way superior to using mtp . see more here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=29267792postcount=12
if you go to settings > apps , there will be a list of installed applications . if you press the menu button on that page , you can sort the applications by their size . note that this size includes both the program files ( apk ) and stored data ( databases , private saved files excluding those on sd card ) .
the overflow menu for google now ( on all form factors , i believe ) is in the bottom right corner of the app instead of the top right , where most other applications put it . you need to make sure you have scrolled all the way to the bottom of your cards , though , because it shares the bar with the " show more cards . . . " button , which is hidden if your screen is full .
we have a similar question here that asks abour forwarding incoming messages to the pc over a http interface . again , i can suggest maxs or gtalksms which is like a remote control for your phone over xmpp . disclaimer : i am involved in maxs and gtalksms
another option is using sms gateway api ( play store link ) it is a hosted one and you can use their web console to easily configure the app .
i ended up using sms gateway , it uses http post to send and receive smss .
check out this one . zipwhip text messaging : link . this application supports user to send text from pc over a http and client app . also , it supports pc and mac .
the hdr function in the nexus 5/kitkat camera app is an optional function that is switched off by default . from some informal testing with my new nexus 5 , how fast the hdr function is at taking photos seems to depend on what is in the photo . taking a close up picture of the well lit surface of my desk seems to be pretty fast ( feels like under 2 seconds ) , taking a picture down the length of my open plan office towards the window seems to take a few seconds longer . it seems to depend on the variation in the lighting ( and possibly the depth ) in the photo , which would make sense as hdr works by taking photos for different light levels and combining them . taking a photo with hdr off seems to consistently take a photo pretty nearly instantly . for me the camera app launches in about 2 seconds from the lock screen ( swiping the lock screen left without unlocking ) and in under a second from an unlocked home screen . the above was written using a nexus 5 running 4.4 . in addition the 4.4.1 update promises further camera speed enhancements , the speed-ups should apparently be particularly noticeable in low light . more : androidpolice : android 4.4.1 will improve the nexus 5 's camera , update expected to roll out over the next couple of days
pattern , pin or password screen lock is required , because there were still user certificates stored in the device . go to settings -> security and pick clear credentials .
well . . . it seems the best features ( at least for me ) will be exclusive to the nexus 5: http://www.droid-life.com/2013/11/22/psa-what-some-device-owners-wont-see-in-their-kit-kat-update/ from that list : google experience launcher translucent nav bar and notification bar smart dialer that is really a shame !
install tasker https://play.google.com/store/search?c=appsq=tasker+apk read about tasker and how to use http://tasker.dinglisch.net/ tasker is an application for android which performs tasks ( sets of actions ) based on contexts ( application , time , date , location , event , gesture ) in user-defined profiles or in clickable or timer home screen widgets . download a script or write one to start and continue refreshing the browser at needed intervals . https://groups.google.com/forum/m/#!forum/tasker always do a backup ! ! ! !
and the answer is pretty simple , use cp instead of mv )
i have the same phone and having the same difficulty on finding any info , so far i have been able to : connect to pc using pdanet auto drivers root using graphical easy root tool install clockworkmod recovery rua1 autocwm v5.5.0.4 hope this helps .
it seems that this issue was related to the rom . since multiple re-installs of the app did not correct the issue , experimenting with another rom ( apex 2.0 beta ) did the trick . after flashing the new rom and installing the app , music streams quite well . update : i have learned that the liberty toolbox > liberty tweaks > ad blocker feature being set to " block most ads " has been tracked down as the root cause of this issue . make sure to " enable ads " under this setting and there should not be anymore fc issues .
as for all driver problems , you should first try the following : disconnect the device uninstall all drivers for it reboot install the official drivers ( probably the zte-specific ones ) reboot connect the device
i swear by waze . it is gives spoken directions . as a plus ( or actually main selling point ) , it is a social gps . that is , by keeping track of speed and location , it knows where there is heavy traffic and routes you around it .
provided that you have a phone running android 1.6 or higher , and are in a supported country , then google maps navigation will do this . you should have navigation as a separate icon in your apps list ( upwards pointing blue arrow icon ) even though it comes with maps . if you do not have that ( and are on a supported version and in a supported country ) then just go to the market and search for the updated version of google maps . i have used it for car and walking directions , and it works very well , do not need to take the phone out of my pocket while walking , as everything spoken through my headphones .
from my post to the link gathrawn called out ; encrypt the phone&#39 ; s internal storage android 3 ( honeycomb ) offers full system encryption natively . however , as it is only for tablets at this point i will post some other avenues . there was some work done on this for the g1 using luks and cryptsetup . i think i have seen this on a moto droid rom too , but you will definitely need root . it is not trivial to do , and there is not too much interest so popular roms like cyanogenmod do not provide for this natively . there are some apps in the market that support encrypted file stores ( check out lock files . i have no idea how transparent that is on the system however . to your italicized point on remote wipe . there are many solutions for this . if you are using exchange you can push this with activesync , if not apps like lookout , and more provide remote wipe and other functions . there are even manual ways w/ dyndns and a listening ssh server .
yes , adding a second account and disabling sync on the original one will work as you are expecting . you will retain the ability to install and use apps you purchase with the original account , while having the sync enabled only on your wife 's account will ensure the data from your own account is not present on her phone .
i would do a factory reset , and then add both your account , and your wife 's . this is not much different than chahk 's answer , but might be a tad safer -- who knows what weird customizations you might have made to your phone that will surprise your wife ?
there is no native way to do this , as android simply does not support it . any wallpaper which is not a live wallpaper will be displayed as a static image . specifically , romain guy notes in a comment on the android issue tracker that all regular wallpapers are saved as png images after cropping . there is no way to change this behaviour aside from modifying the android source code . there are some third-party apps that will allow you to use an animated gif as a wallpaper , such as animgif live wallpaper . the downside , though , is that i believe all of these will be live wallpaper applications , which sort of defeats the purpose .
try button savior ( non-root version , root required version ) .
i believe this is a pure software issue . if you have custom recovery installed , try to wipe cache/davik-cache . if not , try reseting the phone to default settings . ( are you on a custom rom ? if so , have you tried asking in the developer 's support forum ? what software are you using for the soft buttons ? have you tried another rom ? )
i found a solution : if you do not have a rma option like me , it is possible it can be fixed with just disconnecting and reconnecting the front facing camera . try deleting cash , reinstalling camera , safe mode , factory reset , etc . before doing this . proceed at your own risk ! as shown in this video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opucmfhzgbg ) remove the back of the phone ( beginning of the video ) . unscrew the top plastic plate ( 7:15 - 8:10 ) . disconnect and reconnect front-facing camera flex cable ( 13:43 - 13:57 ) . put everything back together and you are done . viola ! i hope it helps someone .
this is really awkward to fix , i know because i have been in your exact situation . it depends a lot on just how different the contact storage on your old rom was from how it is now . obviously your contacts are there somewhere in that cwm backup , the problem is just how to get them out . i do not have a very specific answer on how to solve this ( just asking for the contact info again will probably solve your problem faster ) , but here are some pointers : the file system is most likely yaffs2 , so you need to read this file system somehow . one of the first things i found on google was yaffey - utility for reading , editing and writing yaffs2 images - you could probably use this to access your backup image and from there extract your contact data . depending on your current and old format , this might be easy or hard . what do we learn from this ? extracting contacts is an absolute pain from system images created in cwm . use titanium backup and/or always make sure your contacts sync against the cloud . local contacts are the devils work .
what you are referring to is called tethering - using the data connection of your phone to share internet connectivity to another device . look for tethering options in the settings > wireless menu or other locations in case your manufacturer has placed it elsewhere . failing that , consider using an app like foxfi or some other tethering app . also , a search on android . se reveals a number of similar questions - please use the provided functionality . here 's an answered question that might be relevant - can i use my android device as wi-fi dongle ( ie tethering to pc through usb , but using wi-fi not phone network ) ?
you want your android device to re-broadcast an existing wi-fi network to act as a Wi-Fi Repeater . technically , its possible from software layer , but such implementations are not available for android yet . you can do any of following things now : do it with pure linux way ( android is a linux distro ) using hostapd type software . installation and configuration would not be easy , by the way . share wi-fi internet using bluetooth dun . its the easiest way . i do not know what difficulties your pc bluetooth is facing , but try pdanet or open garden . turn off mobile data and do usb tethering . it starts to share wi-fi internet on some devices . its not universal method , but see if it works for you or not . you can also use pdanet for better usb tethering .
you have not mentioned what version of android you are using . in android 's settings , go to wireless and networks > mobile networks and uncheck the option to use data . you will still be able to use wifi . edit : as an alternative , get an app like apndroid which effectively renames your mobile data apn ( access point name ) , thereby disabling the data connection .
dial *#*#4636#*#* go to phone information and click disable data connection .
" data roaming " just refers to using data when connected to a foreign network ( i.e. . not your providers " home network" ) . there should be another option available for " mobile network " or " mobile data " ( the phrasing may differ between devices ) , as the following screenshot shows : look out for the red frame at the end . if you find something similar , remove the checkmark . if not , simply remove it everywhere where it sound similar . remember which ones you removed , then enable them again one by one until you find the " evil doer " .
i would recommend doing it via bluetooth . in first place the pc-companion for c702 is not the same version as for the xperia , so you will have two installations . and when i have tried syncing through the sonyerricson online sync service ( synml ) i have faced the problem that some number types ( "mobile ( privat ) " and " mobile ( work ) " ) could be exported to the online service , but not imported back to the xperia . they were missing on my xperia . so make sure if " mobile ( privat ) " and " mobile ( work ) " numbers of your c702 are missing on your xperia . seems that number types " mobile ( privat ) " and " mobile ( work ) " have problems being accepted on other phones . but when i did it via bluetooth , android switched the number types correctly on the fly .
you can use powerful and free software myphoneexplorer ( from www.fjsoft.at ) . it works with all sonyericsson old phones and most android phones ( including x10 ) . you can easily backup contacts from c702 to your pc and then import the contacts to your x10 .
the x10 phone book application can import vcard-files . i imported my palm centro contact list successfully using 1.6 , but it failed in 2.1 . i think the import facility in 2.1 is a lot pickier . i am sure it'll import fine if i clean up the vcard file a bit . i have written to sony ericsson and complained as well .
as a last resort you can use bluetooth to send the contacts to the new phone . just select all contacts and send them to the x10 ( pair first ) and then set the x10 to accept all incoming files from the c702 . after all contacts have been sent ( they are separate vcard files ) go to the phone book and press Menu -&gt; More -&gt; Import contacts -&gt; Memory card and select the contacts from your bluetooth folder . have not tested with se phones but worked with nokia-> samsung and samsung-> samsung .
i just succeeded in transferring all my c702 contacts to gmail via the sony ericsson c702 pc suite . my new samsung galaxy s2 was updated with my contacts within a few minutes with no further measures , though i had logged into my gmail account via the samsung phone earlier . i tried bluetooth transfer from the c702 which did not work , although i did not try the x10 transfer route .
i have no prior experience with sony erricsson software , but i think their pc suite solution ( found here ) deals with the syncing of contacts etc .
i believe this is impossible . the headset requires power from the device . android versions before 3.1 state that they can not support powering the usb bus . from the developer guide : when the android-powered device is in host mode , it acts as the usb host and powers the bus . when the android-powered device is in usb accessory mode , the connected usb hardware ( an android usb accessory in this case ) acts as the host and powers the bus . usb accessory and host modes are directly supported in android 3.1 ( api level 12 ) or newer platforms . usb accessory mode is also backported to android 2.3.4 ( api level 10 ) as an add-on library to support a broader range of devices . device manufacturers can choose whether or not to include the add-on library on the device 's system image . unless there is a custom android os that supports usb host mode , i believe what i am trying to achieve is impossible
that phone would most likely be tied to verizon , if it is from a contract . you would first need to root and unlock the phone - so that it can be used with other networks - before you can flash cm on it .
i finally figured out how to fix this . i do not know if this is the best way to do this , and if this is unique to just this phone , but here 's what worked for me : rebooted the phone unlocked it at the lock screen that popped up when i came to the activation setup pages , i pulled down the notifications shade " quick settings " > > " all settings " > > home button i am not sure how exactly this worked ( glitch or bug , maybe ? ) , but it did . thanks for all the help !
after exploring a little more , i found this solution : click your device " home " button ; tap " settings" ; tap " sound" ; tap " vibrate" ; select either " never " or " only when not in silent mode " . that is it !
go to your settings on your phone when in your settings go to " sound " , then " silent mode and vibrate " and things will pop up push " silent mode " then push " vibrate " , then " never " then your phone is all the way off ! !
custom keyboard layouts is an official feature of android 4.1 jelly bean . it is called " user-installable keymaps " , see more here . if you do not want to wait/upgrade : besides this , android uses keymaps also for bluetooth hid devices ( your device , some number keypads , apple bluetooth keyboard , etc . ) . more info how to change this is here .
if you have noticed , it is not possible in most android phones to receive and transmit wifi signal at the same time . the wifi feature shuts down when you switch on access point , which is reasonable because why would you use an ap if you already have wifi at hand in the first place ? on the other hand , it might be a hardware limitation if the same wifi antenna and driver are used to convert the device into an ap . either way , you need to specify more information in the question , such as phone brand and model so we can see if that is the case .
no . instead you may lose your root access in turn , because some system settings go back to default when updating a device , which will probably include your superuser . your personal data and installed apps will not be affected .
it is the same . at least in my setup ( htc desire s ) . the image i favorite end up in a gallery folder with the same name as the dropbox folder they are in . edit : the gallery app might play a big role in this . on some systems they are known to take quite a while to update etc .
it was a hot battery alert , so the charging was interrupted for safety reasons :
the app disk usage is not quite a file explorer , but it is ideal for seeing where your device 's storage is used . it shows a hierarchical view of directories by how much storage they take up . you can use it without root to show your external storage , or with root to examine the internal filesystem and apps ' private data .
es file explorer supports all your requirements . once installed , turn on the Root Explorer option from the side menu .
file manager ( explorer ) will support your requirements . for seeing the folder size you have to long press on folder and see details . it support root mode also .
have you got the file command available ? this question on superuser says that is the way to go .
simple things the obvious group of settings that needs to be changed ( simply by selecting the appropriate value ) is the interface language , time zone . keyboard one unexpected difficulty is the input method . the factory samsung os ( from another region ) does not include a samsung russian keyboard , nor does it include the standard android keyboard ( which might have a russian keyboard ) . further complication : the standard android keyboard cannot be installed separately ! as a solution , i chose to install anysoftkeyboard ( which is also available on f-droid , which guarantees it is free/open-source , can be rebuilt from sources , and has been inspected by more people for not having spying features ) . then in its settings menu , i chose to download a russian pack . mobile networks and internet for internet to work , one needs to set up an apn ( for example , for megafon , a russian mobile operator , one needs to add a new apn with " internet " as the value for the field " apn " -- the only essential field ; and select it ) . ( regressions ) ( still , as compared to samsung galaxy s sold in russia , this one has much more unstable connection to the mobile network ( loses the connection , i.e. , is offline very often ) . perhaps , this can be solved by upgrading the rom/modem firmware from the present android 2.2 i9000xxjpk ( kernel 2.6.32.9 ) froyo . xxjpk . )
the picture you got on your phone was upgrade mode ( also called download mode ) . the phone disconnects and then tries to reconnect when it goes into this mode . my guess is that the reconnect failed ; it happened to me when i tried upgrading through a virtual machine . i suggest borrowing a friend 's computer running windows natively to do the upgrade .
dropbox is making it seem more complicated than it really is . unlike on the pc version of dropbox , the files you see in the dropbox app are not actually stored on your tablet . it is just a list of files you could download . when you view the file from dropbox , it downloads it temporarily into dropbox 's private storage area , and then temporarily gives the app you choose access to the file . just click " save to sd card " . that actually downloads the file to your tablet , and saves it permanently in a storage area that other apps have access to . after that , the image will show up in gallery , probably in its own " dropbox " album .
what i would suggest is that you flash your device with odin , your files such as mp3 , pictures and videos would be untouched , basically every file on the internal sd memory would be untouched , if you have your contacts synced with google you should be able to get it back . but this would void your warranty sorry i assumed you could boot into recovery or had hit a boot loop , this might not work but is worth a try , you could try clean the terminals on the phone and the battery ( i have had instances where my s2 just would not boot and this helped )
maybe this post from xda will answer your question . this is not an apn problem , it is a sim problem . your provider has one set of numbers on your card , and another set of numbers that actually identify the network , and they do not match . technically , from the phone 's point of view , you are roaming , even if it is the same provider . from the provider 's point of view , you are not roaming . up until cupcake , we had that same problem here in canada when using the " fido " network ( which is owned and operated by " rogers" ) . the network identified itself as " rogers " , the sim cards identify themselves as " fido " , the phone think 's its roaming . so ; you do not need to worry about roaming charges when you are actually connected to the correct network . but ; you do not have an easy to read display to tell you when you are really roaming , nor can you make configurations that are based on whether you are or are not roaming .
this is not really an android problem , per se . my wife and i have been effectively sharing our calendars for a few years . i use android , she uses an iphone . the secret sauce is to use google calendar . we each have our own google accounts , and have shared ( read-access ) with each other . we also have created shared calendars for both of our kids , household events ( e . g . , when is the trash picked up ) , local events we might want to attend , and the schedule for their schools getting the calendar ( s ) into android is academic ( and i just use the standard calendar app ) . she simply needed to connect her calendar app . ( she is having a problem where sometimes events she creates on her device do not show up , but that is an iphone issue . )
i believe there is no such feature available . you can either enable the sync which will sync all your albums or to not to sync at all .
sum-up from the comments : warranty first , at least as of today and outside the eu , it is not possible to install a custom rom or even only root your phone without voiding your warranty . even if it can be done in a way not increasing a ( possibly existing ) " flash-counter": in case your device " bricks " for some reason , not giving you a chance to restore to " stock " , your custumizations would be found in the service center . existing custom-roms as said , here you might want to take a look into the question where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? , which lists a lot of ressources where to find different custom roms . a good choice might be cyanogenmod , which is e.g. dealt with in the xda-developers thread about cyanogenmod for ace plus . to find more details , you can simply use this google search .
presently andtidwiki is the best , or rather the only choice , that allows you to use your wiki straight from dropbox . however , there are some small issues - like text overlap on zooming , which i hope will improve with further versions . i have not been able to find any other tiddly browser that allows editing your wiki from dropbox .
use firefox . to support saving the wiki , install the " tiddlyfox " firefox addon . i tested this works today . also it could directly open an . html file with firefox in file explorer like " es file explorer " . remark : seems tiddlywiki v5 displays better than v2.8.1 on android .
have you tried this http://tiddlyspot.com/ it basically creates a tiddly on a web server , so you can edit it with every android browser able to render it . you can download it , edit offline and when online sync it with the server version . opera mobile is not able to edit offline a tiddlywiki and save changes . firefox mobile can . other browsers i dont know . normally they need a . jar java file which the mobile browsers often cant execute afaik .
try andtidwiki . it is currently in beta , and it works well for me .
your android box running sshdroid , just activate it . your linux box ( gui ) you can run any ssh ftp compliance ( nautilus , filezilla , etc . . . ) for ex . i use filezilla . . . just type on host : sftp://your . android . box . ip-address on user name : root on password : admin on port : 2222 just select " ok " button whatever appears on your screen . note : you must on the same subnet mask and class for it to happen . .
sshdroid does not need root , it is optional . every app can bind a socket on an not privileged port ( > 1024 ) . i am pretty sure that your ssh client parameters are wrong , the port especially . afaik you can not add the port via : to the hostname . try ssh root@ipofandroid -p 2222 instead . if you need more verbose output of the ssh binary , start it with -v , -vv or -vvv . this helps to figure out problems .
i find ourgroceries pretty good . syncs to web site and multiple phones so you can share lists with your partner or house mates . free version has ads but they are not too over the top .
http://cozi.com/ is pretty good too .
i have the droid incredible 2 , and i was running into the same thing , but i figured out a way to get it to work : hold down the volume down button of the headset while inserting into your phone . you should now see the headset recognized as a microphone headset , and so your mic and your clicker should both work .
this ( the mic not working ) is apparently a widely known bug with the thunderbolt . sorry , this is probably not the answer you were looking for , but it appears to be an issue with that particular phone and trrs ( tip ring ring sleeve ) headsets . out of curiosity , do you see a " headset " ( little boom below the ' phones ) icon on the phone when you plug it in , or just the stereo headphones icon ? apple uses the standard pinout in their headset jack , and the button works the normal way ( by crossing ground/common and mic ) . if you have a phone that follows the standard , it should work
i have been neck deep in exactly this for a long time , the problem is apple innovates special stuff that is not compatible with other brands , they have deals with many accessory manufactures to make stuff that has many functions like mic and buttons that do great things like change tracks and skip etc . what i find is android is totally lacking , and it is a gamble when you try it . some things work with either or , some with specific phone models , there is just so many different things all trying to do everything at once . i use skullcandy headphones , which i love , and have a thunderbolt i found out certain types of headphones only work with apple , the label says it , some with both apple and android , to an extent . apple has the button actions that android does not , the mic os hit or miss . i found there is the buttons on the wire that have a rocker with center , they seem to only work with apple , mic too , but the smaller single button works with the mic . i can turn my mp3 player with one press and call the the last number connected via voice call with double press . . . but its so complicated and many variables , just do not try to use headphones for both platforms if they specifically say works with iphone , ipad and i-etc . . . what a ramble . . .
an apple accessory only working in apple hardware - sounds about right to me ; - ) . you can get converters take a look here but it is probably cheaper to just get some ' standard ' ones .
yes , you can download an app to change the priorities of the buttons . i just got myself the etymotic mc3 set ( for iphone ) , and use headset button controller . you can make different profiles , and there are many options for the buttons . . . almost too many . imo , it is better having the three-button mic if you also own an ipod touch or iphone . you could also look at klipsch s4a ( android ) , if you can find them .
try downloading btunes for the thunderbolt and then holding down the volume button as you plug the head phones in . i have some bose headphones i bought at the apple store and this seems to do the trick
" i was told my a bestbuy guy , that apple headphones do not work with android devices . " thats not true you can video chat with someone on qik or tango and it works fine plus i have a pair of sony and bose that also dont work with it . and it has three rings at the input part of the headphones . i also have the htc thunderbolt .
they both may have 3.5mm jacks , but if you look at it you can see the the insulating plastic bands around the metal jack . the problem is that apple wire these sections of the jack up to different inputs than other manufacturers , so that different sections of the jack carry different signals than normal . i have heard that as long as you are happy with getting mono rather than stereo sound out of the speakers , then you can get the microphone to work by pulling the jack out of the socket slightly . rim used to do the same thing with their 3.5mm jacks on blackberrys , but i believe they use the same configuration as most manufacturers ( except apple ) now .
the guy at bestbuy has incorrectly informed you , it will work , but it depends on the phone . it works on my droid charge . . with the mic , i had to force the headphone plug to go further into the phone . . . and the mic work . . . the remote however requires a driver . . . that has not been made yet ( to my knowledge ) for the headphones
found a fix after a couple minutes of messing with the headphones ! ! plug your apple headphones with mic in then hold both volume up and down keys on the headphones until you see the symbol on the thunderbolt showing a headphone with a mic !
the configuration for i devices in the case of headphones that also use a mic is different than for other products in general . headphone and mic combos that state " designed specifically for ipod " etc . often will not function with non mac devices . the headphone may function but mic and volume controls etc may not function correctly . if you are lucky they will , if not so lucky . . . .
yes . file short cut app will help you to create short cut for files . it is an app to create a shortcut to open the file . you can choose any files such as images , videos , or pdf . note - you need a separate application that corresponds to the format so you can open the file . for example , pdf files can not be opened without pdf readers such as adobe reader . supports mp3 , mp4 , jpg , png , gif , html , pdf , txt , doc , xls , ppt
i just found the answer , which is a little tricky . in general when you need to set a default picture t oa contact who is linked to others , simply press menu and go to Defaults menu . there you have the Caller ID setting in which you can choose the picture being displayed on call . in the viber case that is not possible , since viber does not actually create linked accounts , unlike whatsapp . if the application that allows people to set a photo to themselves and manages contacts does not implement writing to address book that will not be possible
for viber , use viber contact photo sync . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.booleanaxis.vibercontactphotosync2 for whatsapp use : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rm.android.wcps
a keyboard can do this - that is how a keyboard works , after all . not only that , but for some scripts , what you describe is the most common way to enter text . for example , in japanese , one enters む by typing " mu " ( the latin characters representing the same sound ) . you can not do it with a normal app without rooting . anything else would be a big security flaw .
another thing you need to consider if you have no google account is what to do about your contacts and calendar . since you are not going to synchronize your phone contacts and calendar with google , you need another solution . a good option is to keep your data in outlook on your computer and use akruto sync to synchronize it with your phone . akruto sync runs on your computer , allowing your android phone to connect directly to your computer across the internet , the same way it connects to google , except that you are not sharing your information with anyone . your outlook contacts and calendar are always up-to-date on your phone and they stay private .
most after-market roms ship without google apps by default . take a look at e.g. cyanogenmod , which is available for many devices . so if you can install custom roms , that is one way to go . a different approach would be disabling all google apps , or even remove them ( on a rooted device ) . this might be a little more tricky as you would have to figure out all dependencies yourself .
it need not necessarily be tombstones and thumbnails that takes up your phone 's data storage . normal app usage ( mostly browser cache , etc . ) also consumes space over time . have a look at Settings-&gt;App-&gt;All apps  then via menu let them sort by size to see the biggest storage consumers . e.g. my phone 's biggest consumer is chrome ( 123mb data , 280mb cache ) : .
free up space on the internal sd card folder . with jelly bean the formerly separate sdcard data is also stored on /data ( /data/media to be precise ) . free up some space there , it counts to the overall sum on /data . reason : /data and the external storage partition have been merged to only have one partition and benefit from a single storage scales better . it removes the need to choose a reasonable hard partition size split for /data and /sdcard as before . for compatibility reasons , the /data/media folder is exposed via a virtual fuse layer that emulates the former fat properties and hides the internal structure from apps . android police has an interview why this was done here .
while it cannot switch the default app for something , tasker can still do this . llama may be able to do it also , but you will have to set it up like this : set the stock dialer as default . make a tasker profile that enables when you are connected to wifi and triggers when you open the dialer-- the triggered action could then be to open your wifi calling app . i hope that works--
i had the same issue with my htc hero . i never got around to fixing it but i remember reading that the router needs to be forced to stay in b/g mode . check this post seems to confirm that idea : http://forum.xda-developers.com/archive/index.php/t-492536.html
the first problem was that fastboot did not connect to my pc . this was solved by changing computer to one with a usb 2.0 . the problem i had with my recovery was solved by flashing the recovery partition again and cleaning the cache ( forget that the first time ) . fastboot flash recovery clockworkrec.img fastboot erase cache  after this i was able to get into recovery mode . i then had a problem where android revolution hd did not install and my htc one m7 was stuck in a bootloop . this was solved by installing twrp instead of cwm recovery , and by changing s-on to s-off . i was then able to install android revolution hd . thanks for the comments and many thanks to " bored_stupid " on xda-developers who solved the installation problem for me .
i have used the astro file manager . you should be able to use this free android market app to locate and manage all the root files . if you deleted this firmware binary file in the sd card , it probably is gone . i have not heard of any undelete app for android .
this xda post provides a multiupload link , where you can download that file .
google play requires android 2.2 or higher . since your phone has 2.1 , it will not run . you will either need to upgrade android ( which may not be possible with your phone ) or sideload any apps you want to install from now on .
you can download from softpedia . before that , however , you will need to make sure you have selected the Unknown Sources for installing applications .
no . roms are always device specific . reasons are proprietary drivers for specific hardware components . for more details , you might wish to follow up to the rom tag-wiki , rom-flashing tag-wiki , and the sites/pages linked from there , e.g. is there an official android “google” rom ?
if you do not have a nandroid backup , you will have to find a stock rom for your device . your device is not that well-known , the only resource i could find is on xda-developers . there you can find information on how to use odin to flash a stock rom ( post #5 ) . in the future , creating a nandroid backup is always recommended before flashing a rom , just in case something happens or you want to go back .
short answer is : you can not . the feature relies on a service called geocoding , which is done on google 's servers . the only possibility for this to be done locally would be to download the entire map data to the device and use that data to calculate the coordinates from an address . this is a resource and space consuming task ( for example , openstreetmap has a dataset of 370gb ) , and not suitable for mobiles . a workaround would be to save the coordinates themselves as a street address in the form latitude,longitude , e.g. 62.244858,25.758712 in addition to the regular address and use this " address " to show the map . the catch is , you had still have to use a geocoder to resolve the address to coordinates . all address fields are sent to google to be resolved , that is why the workaround i suggested is invalid .
i finally figured it out , here 's how i did it : even though adb can not get root , and the phone it is self can not get root , as it turns out , there is in fact one more way to clear the cache without fully booting the phone . turn the phone off make sure you have fastboot working on your computer press the power button on the phone and then hold down the volume down button until you see fastboot , then hit the volume up button . open a terminal window , and type the following sudo su fastboot erase cache  and ( apparently ) voilà ! the cache is cleared ! !
that is unlikely to be possible . dalvik cache is stored in /data/dalvik-cache , and doing an ls -l /data ( as root ) shows : drwxrwx--x system system 2013-03-29 14:54 dalvik-cache  as you can see , it is owned by user system of the group system , and all other users only have " execute " permission ( i.e. . they are only permitted to change into that directory ) . digging a little deeper with ls -l /data/dalvik-cache shows e.g. : -rw-r--r-- system app_17 6416640 2013-03-02 00:28 data@app@com.google.android.apps.maps-1.apk@classes.dex  all files in here are again owned by system , which is again the only user with write permission ( i.e. . also the only one who could delete files ) . the app corresponding to each .dex file is represented as group ; but as all " other " users , only has read-permissions . conclusion : only root can delete stuff here -- be it from a regular shell or via a custom recovery like e.g. clockworkmod . or via a factory-reset , of course . . . one thing you could try , though , is booting into safe-mode . if any user app is causing the trouble , the device should boot up fine ( as all user apps are skipped in safe-mode ) . a second suggestion is to attach your device via usb and try to capture a logcat ( via adb logcat ) to get some more hints on what could causing the trouble . this would of course require usb debugging to be enabled . in case it was not yet enabled , you might be able doing so from safe-mode ( i am not sure about this , as i have never tried ) .
do this : sdk/platform-tools/adb shell and reboot your phone .
just type it in once , click it , and save it . done . you can also go to settings > language and input > personal dictionary and add your words from there .
see what can i do to manage my phone&#39 ; s internal storage ? and install the app diskusage . on my phone , it made clear that the system itself takes up 1.2 gb , while this is not shown in the overview ( settings > storage ) . a possible explanation for why you get a message that internal storage is full , is that android always keeps up free space equal to the size of the largest app you installed . so if you install the xyzapp that takes up 100mb , android wants 100mb free disk space in case it needs to update and download the new version . you can try to move as many apps as possible to your external sdcard . that frees up space , and if by accident the biggest app can be moved , android will need less free space . hope this helps ! ( and thanks to izzy ! )
you can use adobe reader to highlight your text while you read and add bookmarks . there is an app called iannotate pdf as well . but it seems tat the bookmarking frature is not available for this app .
i have searched for the same thing , and unfortunately , have not come up with much of anything . what i have settled for is turning off auto-rotate , and only using it for apps where i really need rotation . i do recall there being an app which allows setting auto-rotate on and off on a per-app basis . i believe it is called smart auto-rotate .
part of what jlehenbauer wrote is correct in that adw only gives you an option to have auto rotation or to keep your home screen in portrait or landscape mode . depending on how many home screens and what widgets and types of widgets , folders etc you have on your homescreen it will determine the amount of memory your home screen requires and how long it takes to refresh it when it rotates between landscape and portrait and thus how quick it does it . the iphone does not have widgets ( the main cause ) and thus it is quicker at doing this . due to some widgets htc sense actually locks the home screen in portrait mode and does not allow you to change it . currently i am using go laucher where i have experienced what you say - the home screen refreshing on orientation , however as stated you can speed this up by removing widgets , especially any scrollable ones . try setting up one of your home screens as blank , and then see how much faster it will switch between the two states . the only time i have sensitivity options and more than just portrait , landscape or auto for the home screen is on a cyanogen rom . however you would be looking at rooting . i have not checked out every launcher app available , so its possible you might find a better alternative . in regards to app killers - no longer necessary unless you have a rogue app ( in which case would seriously suggest removing it full stop ) , all they do is drain your battery .
really the only things you could do is lock the rotation of the screen from the " settings/display " menu , so you would not have to deal with rotation , or start freeing up space on your device . this process will be taken care of by the available memory , so if you have a lot of things running , it will be sluggish . the iphone was speedy at this previously because it did not have the ability to run things in the background , and since gaining this ability has found a similar stumble . a good appkiller will help , and i find deleting old , unused apps every now and then helps system speed .
try out an app called watchdog . it monitors your apps and alerts you to anything that is using your cpu excessively . it might help unless it something that is draining consistently at a low level . i would have to agree that it does not sound like you have a problem . battery life seems good . juice plotter is another battery monitor that you might be interested in and its companion app juice defender might help squeeze extra life out of your phone as it can switch off your 3g off unless needed .
everything drains the battery . the screen is usually a big drain on the battery . gps will drain it , wifi , internet usage , phone calls , etc . if you got 2 days out of one charge , then you got good usage out of it . my phone is almost always tethered to power whenever it is available . desk at work , desk at home , car charger . on my device ( running cyanogenmod 7 ) , i can go to settings -> application -> battery usage . my screen shuts off after 15 seconds and it is 75% of the battery consumer .
this looks like it could be a known , or at least reported , issue , depending on the device you are using . a few users report that on some carriers ( looks like mostly in canada ) they have the exact issue with the desire z , running cyanogenmod .
in the api it is described that the battery percentage is calculated by dividing the current level with the maximum level . this can be seen in the quote below . this leads me to believe that batterymanager . extra_level is either measured in milli amps hour ( mah ) or a value between 0-100 . this is a simple approach and not the answer that i hoped to find but it is an answer never the less . now i just need a official source that states the answer . : ) determine the current battery level in some cases it is also useful to determine the current battery level . you may choose to reduce the rate of your background updates if the battery charge is below a certain level . you can find the current battery charge by extracting the current battery level and scale from the battery status intent as shown here : int level = batteryStatus.getIntExtra(BatteryManager.EXTRA_LEVEL, -1); int scale = batteryStatus.getIntExtra(BatteryManager.EXTRA_SCALE, -1); float batteryPct = level / (float)scale;
i had the same problem with my lg optimus 4x p880 : whenever i wanted to make a call , the screen was going to off position ; only after finishing the call it turned back on . i think it is nothing but a software problem in android version 4.1.2 . so i rolled back from 4.1.2 jelly bean to 4.0.3 icecream sandwich . now my phone is working properly .
there are several apps you might check ( ordered best recommendation first ) : moon+ reader pro is the best ebook reader i know . support for the important formats ( txt , html , epub , pdf , umd , fb2 , chm , zip -- pdf only in the pro , said to be the fastest pdf renderer on android ) , plenty libraries pre-configured to download books from ( you can add your own sources ) , great support , and more . just no drm ( yet ; as adobe did not answer to the developers requests ) . my clear recommendation for this one . aldiko book reader supports epub , pdf , drm -- and also can access online sources mantano reader supports epub and pdf , available in several versions , supports drm go book supports epub , txt , umd , pdf and fb2 ( drm/catalogs support : unknown to me ) there are some more on the playstore , but not all are recommendable ( and some may have escaped my notice ) .
amazon has just updated their kindle app to offer a two column layout for tablets . i was thrilled that they did this . google pay book reader has that two page layout and i really preferred that on my tablet . kindle app will also read pdf files . i do not think it will do epub but there might be a converter out there to make it into kindle format . there are several places to find good free kindle books . i rarely pay for a book anymore .
you can import/upload them : uploading the pdf/epub file ( s ) to your library go to my books click on ' upload file ' in the top right corner . choose the file ( s ) you wish to upload . getting the pdf/epub files in you app go into your google play books app . click on the button on the top left ( 'read now ' or ' my library' ) . select ' my library ' . click on the button just underneath it ( 'all books' ) . click on ' uploads ' . click the android menu button . click on ' refresh ' when you try to open the file , you may be prompted to download it .
android does not include a telnet daemon . use the included android debug bridge ( meant for development or power users ) . it comes with the official sdk ( http://developer.android.com/sdk/ ) . install both " tools " packages enable usb debugging in your phone settings run ./platform-tools/adb shell in yor sdk folder ( needs approprate usb rights for your phone ) you then have a local shell on your phone . if you definitely need access over network install an ssh server app ( search play store for sshdroid or quicksshd ) . you might want a secure shell server on a mobile device that connects to multiple maybe unsafe networks like public hotspots .
an alternative to the former answer is installing terminal ide . its really nice , but read the description to consider stuff like : nb : this app cannot be installed onto the sdcard because you do not get ' execute ' permissions on that mount . it must run in this app 's private memory on the device [ also much more secure ] . you can of course still read / write to the sdcard and store files there . also - once extracted it takes up about 100mb . you have been warned .
there are several interesting browser shortcuts available : ( source : android browser keyboard shortcuts )
if by " downloads available " you mean a os upgrade , that is because those are not official releases , and since kies is an official samsung application they do not provide unofficial releases . currently , the last official release for the samsung galaxy s is android 2.2 froyo . if you are referring to " official releases " and your os is &lt ; 2.2 , then you can have some variant system , for which there is no firmware upgrade , or you can have some problems with a not-up-to-date kies version . also , check this thread out !
because the updates that kies offers you depend from whom and where you bought your phone . if you bought the phone in a shop , you purchased normally a country or region specific version . these versions get the update from samsung one by one . for the galaxy s you can lookup the release status here . if you purchased your phone together with an carrier contract , chances are that you have an branded firmware . then it is the carrier decision when to release an update . you normally also get a reduced set of functionality on branded firmware , like disabled tethering . the firmware images that you find on the net are mostly leaked pre-version of the upcoming update .
i have found the problem . both the router and the phone was working correctly . the problem is with the wifi channels . according to wikipedia 's list of wlan channels , some places only allow channels 1-11 , some others 1-13 . devices will provide support accordingly . my router supports channels 1-13 , while the phone ( i guess ) supports channels 1-11 . so when the router uses channels 12 or 13 , the phone cannot detect the network ! solution ? buy another router which only support channels 1-11 . logon to your routers config through your browser to find whether the router supports limiting the channels . refer to your routers user manual on how to do this change the channel settings on the router to be manual ( i.e. not automatic ) , and somewhere in the range 1-11 ( preferably 1 or 6 or 11 ) .
it looks like a whatsapp problem . your best bet would be to raise this concern with whatsapp themselves . there is no guarantee that they had fix it , but this is not google / android issue either ( from a general perspective ) . developers should follow " best practices " when developing android apps . update 2013-10-07: this issue has been discussed in xda , and it is because of how whatsapp handles notifications ( no specific details given ) . in that thread , there is a possible solution using the light flow app .
since you have no access to the ui , the option would be using the adb shell . note : the adb shell will only work if usb debugging was previously enabled ! connect your device with the usb cable . ( install drivers if needed ) use a terminal ( or cmd if in windows ) change to your adb location directory . run the following to do a recovery wipe : adb shell &gt; recovery --wipe_data 
the short answer is that the nexus phones are the most updateable - not only do they get more updates then the other phones , but they also get more support from the community in general . case in point , though google has announced that the nexus one will not get ics , cyanogenmod will be providing it . other then the nexus phones , i think it is best to stick to the high volume devices , particularly the flagship devices that are sold in many countries . these are much more likely to get the attention necessary to push the manufacturer to release updates and to release the drivers . and finally , you can look at the cyanogenmod list of supported devices . i tend to check this list before buying or recommending a new device .
the htc one 's camera has bigger pixels than the regular phone cameras ( "ultrapixels" ) . when you use your camera in low light , it tries to draw more light from the sensor , so the image looks brighter . the " purple " issue is caused by bad heat insulation of the camera sensor from the rest of the phone , so when you try to take a photo the heat can cause distortion of the data the image processor chip collects from the sensor and converts to digital image ( when you open the camera app it puts the screen brightness to max , so even this can cause the phone to heat up ) . when you use the camera in low light the image chip relies more on the sensor to collect more light , so this might cause only low light pictures to be affected ( especially the color black , where the sensor tries to deliver as much light possible and there just is not one , as it is dark ) . when you take a photo in normal light ( or with flash ) there is enough light and the sensor does not try to replace the color black with purple . the damage to the camera sensor caused by heat seems to be permanent and if it is in an early stage it can be fixed by a software update which just calibrates the image chip to ignore the " purple " image data . but , as you stated , this is a hardware issue and if the software update does not fix it , the phone should be sent to a repair center for the sensor and the insulator around it to be replaced . as of november - december 2013 the new sensors are made by a different manufacturer and lack the issue . source : the forum thread at xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2317507 and personal experience with my htc one m7 .
my brother had a samsung galaxy s-4 , and he started having minor issues with it so he brought it into the store . the end result was him walking out with an s-5 , and he explained to me a galaxy-specific process that allowed him to put everything into the new phone . his contacts , wallpapers , music and everything else . i assume that he started the process on the older phone , and this might not be helpful to you , but that is all i know and hopefully this is helpful to you somehow . wish i could do more , that is awful .
i am missing some information : is your phone rooted ? do you have usb debugging enabled ? are your contacts synced to your google account ? since it is not clear from the question - have you checked that your contacts are not already backed up to your google account ? if you had your contacts synced - then they should all be backed up to the cloud / your connected google account . if that is not the case , and all you need is to be able to see your screen and control your phone ( via the app of your choice ) - you can try this kind of solution - an an mhl-enabled usb port . also , maybe airdroid , can help as well .
i had the same problem . looking at the source of heimdal revealed that this message is send when no usb device is attached . and this was in fact the case . lsusb showed that the kernel is not aware of any usb device related to the galaxy s : after i used a different usb cable and a different usb port , my galaxy s appeared on lsusb while it is in download mode : and heimdall was able to flash a new kernel ! so i have two suggestions : try another usb cable , i suspect the original samsung usb cable to be of low quality try another usb port , ideally without a usb hub between the devices
you can tap the ' labels ' button in gmail 's action bar . from there you can navigate to all labels you have in gmail , including ' sent ' and ' draft ' .
click the notification which will open Data usage settings and move the orange warning bar above data usage level . next warning will appear when the warning level is exceeded again .
this link contains the parts where you can intervene / add your own functionality the rough flow is power on > bootloader > kernel > init process > system server > boot complete at the bootloader stage , the following is run : a . the first boot loader stage will detect and set up external ram . b . once external ram is available and the system is ready the to run something more significant the first stage will load the main boot loader and place it in external ram . c . the second stage of the boot loader is the first major program that will run . this may contain code to set up file systems , additional memory , network support and other things . on a mobile phone it may also be responsible for loading code for the modem cpu and setting up low level memory protections and security options . d . once the boot loader is done with any special tasks it will look for a linux kernel to boot . it will load this from the boot media ( or some other source depending on system configuration ) and place it in the ram . it will also place some boot parameters in memory for the kernel to read when it starts up . e . once the boot loader is done it will perform a jump to the linux kernel , usually some decompression routine , and the kernel assumes system responsibility . here 's another link ( more on the linux side ) on the topic with references : elinux website answer this comment stood out to me : in general it is quite tricky to create a boot loader for an existing phone since they often come with tailor made boot loaders from the manufacturer . to add to the difficulty they also have security features that aim to prevent you from downloading your own bootloader . however , if you have an open platform you need an initial bootloader stage and a main bootloader able to start and/or flash software to the device . for the main bootloader you probably want to check out u-boot , http://www.denx.de/wiki/u-boot . the initial bootloader stage needed to start u-boot need to be aware of the boot-protocol in the hardware requiring some documentation or reverse engineering in order to create or download a suitable one . to sum things up reprogramming of existing phones is often more work than its worth unless you are really interested in which case there are a lot of forums dedicated to that sort of thing .
my question is is there a way to force a particular android apps for android version below 4 to run in the background when the phone is sleeping ? it depends on the app . if it can run in background , just press Home button , or open any other app ( i.e. . : without exiting this app ) , it will be running in background . i should be able to call those android apps that i specific to run in the background to come to the foreground for me to interact with . just open that app again ( i.e. . : switch to that app ) . it will start working in foreground again .
it is up to the developer of an app to specify what it should do in the background . apps have two kinds of component . ( actually , there are more kinds , but they are irrelevant to the question . ) the first , activities , can display on the screen , and can only run in the foreground . however , when you leave an activity with the home key , it gets an opportunity to save its state , so when you next run the same activity , it can appear in the same state you left it . ( for example , an email app might display the same email you were looking at before , instead of going back to the inbox . ) the second kind , services , run in the background , and do not display on the screen . they have to be written in a different way to activities , to make sure they do not run down the battery , and they have some control over when they start and stop running . if an app does not save its state , or gives an error when you come back to it after using a different app , you should report that to the developer of the app , so they can fix the bug .
assuming your brother 's phone is not encrypted , just unlock it and rest is obvious . .
this is an old question and my answer may be of little help . since you know your brother 's number , just call . then answer the phone your self and viola ! it is unlocked . access the contacts from there . i have always wondered why this security hole is overlooked .
i had the same problem trying to get contacts off my broken galaxy s3 , and the solution was a program called " my phone explorer " from http://www.fjsoft.at/en/ i had tried everything , but could not find a solution that worked for retrieving contacts and sms messages .
as far as i know , there is no particular requirement . you will get battery monitoring details when you send particular commands to the battery . that is , the battery itself will have hardware for that .
i do not get any refund on my credit card statement . nor do i get a debit to begin with for the initial purchase . the payment is probably held for the fifteen minute refund window . chances are the actual payment run from google to the financial institution is done in a batch or a few batches throughout the day . the specifics of the transaction run is down to google and their bank ( s ) . i would imagine they send the debit leg of it after the fifteen minutes from your account and credit an internal suspense account and then send out the batch during the day as i said . that is only a rough guess but i have worked in software testing similar payments in financial institutions for a long time . it may vary in different countries , i am in ireland but i would like to see how it works in other regions . if , hypothetically you did see a refund for any purchase like this you would see a debit for the purchase and a corresponding credit to your account for the refund with some reference to the app , music or whatever you have purchased .
i tested first method on zte v987 with android 4.2.1 and , after a little search for rndis interface and another mtkandroidusb device ( adb interface ) drivers ( for windows xp ) , it worked . i think you do not have the phone drivers installed in windows . have you checked in device manager ? i have tested first method also in windows 7 and i installed the following devices : then i have shared the internet connection , but without success . the phone did not want to see the connection . then i have changed the drivers with those from http://www.digitbrunch.com/android/how-to-root-micromax-unite-2-a106 ( driver_auto_installer_v1.1236.00 ) and i have tried to bridge the 2 network adaptors and i have obtained next configuration : then i have reverted to internet connection sharing and i have tried the following commands ( found here http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2287494 ) : and the phone 's usb connection began to operate : finally i have re-updated the usb drivers to the initial alcatel version , deleted mac bridge miniport , set same dns for ipv4 rndis local area connection and used a . cmd file with " adb shell netcfg rndis0 dhcp " command to start the connection .
i tried to do the same thing and like you said " here is the problem , there is no sharing tab " but i found a section in windows assistance saying that there is no " sharing tab " if you have only one lan connection . here is the url : http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/set-internet-connection-sharing#1tc=windows-7
i am also using a micromax unite 2 . what works for me is the first method . for you , you are not connecting your device ( phone to pc ) . so it does not show you the sharing tab . you have a lan device only and you have no device to share . so first you have to connect your device to the pc and proceed the remaining steps . i am really enjoying the internet from my pc to phone ! procedure connect your mobile to pc via usb cable . in your mobile , go to settings-> more-> usb internet , select pc system version-> next-> " done" ( important ) . in pc , go to control panel-> network and internet-> network connection . here one device is your lan and another one is your mobile . right click your lan device go to properties-> choose " sharing " tab-> click the first option-> ok . now you ready to enjoy the pc internet on your phone .
for your second method ( which should work ) it looks like you are just missing the correct drivers for your device . i found a page which claims to have the drivers ( http://www.digitbrunch.com/android/how-to-root-micromax-unite-2-a106 ) although i cannot vouch for their authenticity so its up to you if you want to trust them . let me know if you run into any problems , because although i have never done something like this before i would be happy to help you through it if i can .
go to your phone dialer and enter these codes ( they work in my samsung galaxy nexus , jelly bean 4.2.1 ) : ' testing ' menu : *#*#4636#*#* ( the same as *#*#INFO#*#* ) imei number : *#06# additionaly check out the page secret codes for android , full of codes ( some of them did not work in my phone ) and screenshots note : please be extremely careful with the options , because they are not intended to be messing with them .
as the how has already been explained , you might want to have the what as well : there are several lists on the internet ( just google for " secret codes" ) with many of those codes . not all of them work on all phones ( some are device or manufacturer specific ) , but many are common to all android devices ( and some times even to all smartphones ) . i will not list all of them here , but a few more important to be known include . . . use at your own risk -- some options might prove dangerous ( e . g . the factory format ) -- especially if you do not know what they are supposed to mean , think twice or better avoid the option .
well , there is a menu available for handsets running android os . to get the menu , go to your stock phone app and type the following . **#*#7378423#*#* it is simply *#*#SERVICE#*#* there are many things you can do in this menu . view service information check service settings carryout service tests reset customization settings some of these items may differ from handset to handset . these are the typical menu items available . this menu comes handy when checking the total call timer ( in service tests ) , rooting status check ( in Service info -&gt; Configuration ) , etc .
alternatively , you copy the . apk for a ( properly gotten ) qr code reader to your device and install it through the file manager , as long as Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Unknown sources is checked .
the key is not putting the password into the file , but make it the filename . then you can rename the file in the file manager and copy the password through the rename dialog .
i think what you need to do is subscribe to your calendar in google calendar , then have your calendar app sync with this feed--much like you would sync additional calenders like days of the week , etc . subscribe to public calendars using the calendar address click the down-arrow next to other calendars select add by url from the menu find the address of the google calendar in icalendar format , or if you have the icalendar address of a calendar from a different application ( for example , apple 's ical ) , you can use this as well . enter the address in the field provided click the add calendar button . the calendar will appear in the other calendars section of the calendar list to the left . then , in the calendar app , or s planner , on your phone choose the additional calendars to display .
google inc . motorola mobility llc . nianticlabs@google ingress , fieldtrip waze waze nik software , inc . snapseed nest labs , inc . nest ( learning thermostat ) bitspin ( formerly team tasks ) timely , tasks bump technologies , inc bump virustotal virustotal android texttospeech listing these separately as they seem to be created within google , but were possibly personal projects/ 20% time projects , and are now retired and only accessible if you have previously installed one of the apps : google places directory team places directory google inc . android apps my maps editor by google
the google drive app by default opens spreadsheets in list view - a sort of data-entry only mode in which you can edit data but not equations . you can select spreadsheet view - this used to be in a link at the bottom of the spreadsheet which involved zooming right out , now it seems to be at the top toward the left ( this may vary by app/android version ) . you may need to force it to continue to the desktop view - it will warn you that you may not have access to all features . once in spreadsheet mode ( which is a little ropey ) you should be able to edit any columns .
the new version of gdrive fixes this problem , however the offline-compatibility is worse .
the option to choose a certificate is available with enterprise encryption ( 802.1x ) . judging by your comment , your android thinks it is using a different encryption method than it should , so have you attempted manually adding the network , and specifying the encryption type ? please bear in mind that not all wifi cards and devices support that encryption method .
try proxydroid from the play store . it might solve your problem .
there are two options , but they both require connecting to the android device via wifi : root the phone and use wireless tether - ( unofficial method ) warning : this may void your warranty , so do not blame anyone if it causes you an issue , least of all me ! proceed at your own risk . once the phone is rooted ( you can search via google for rooting your device and it usually not the most complicated thing to do ) , you can install wireless tether from the android market . this will basically turn your android phone into a mobile router that you can connect to with your pc . or pay for the 3g mobile hotspot option from verizon - ( official version ) this is the carrier provided method for tethering your device ( getting a computer to access the internet using a wireless device ) . i believe that it is currently $20 per month and there is a limit to the amount of data that you can use .
try downloading the drivers straight from the source ( motorola ) here . make sure any drivers you already installed are uninstalled first , then install from motorola .
really all that was really necessary was to click on the phone 's search button and type in " settings " . the top result should be the " settings " application . you click on that and it opens your settings app so that you can got to applications:manage applications where you can scroll down to launcherpro click on it and then click on the " clear defaults " button . now when you click on the home key it will bring up a list of any launcher programs you have installed , including the factory installed one which you can now select .
found this at : http://orlygoingthirty.blogspot.com/2011/01/how-to-uninstall-expired-launcherpro.html i finally found a workable solution : download the latest launcherpro apk ( or hopefully any other apk ) . connect your phone to your pc and mount the sd card . copy the new apk to the top-level of the sd card and rename it to something short ( like lp . apk ) . unmount the phone , then in the phone browser ( which is the only thing lp lets you run ) , type the following in the url bar : file:///sdcard/lp . apk ( notice the three slashes ) this will force-launch the installer application on the phone . now on my phone , it was set to disallow non-android market apps from installing ; since the apk is not off the android market , the phone popped up an error and offered to let me change the application setting . which launches the settings application .
this is due to the fact that you have given admin rights to the app . reinstall the app and then do this : go to settings-> location and security-> device administrator and deselect the admin . after this is done , uninstall the app .
a is for ' americas ' i is ' international ' e.g. the rest of the world . you get slightly different network support . st17i umts hspa 900 ( band viii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 st17a umts hspa 800 ( band v ) , 1900 ( band ii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 this is from the whitepaper . i belive everything else about the phone is the same . bkw and bko i think will be the colour scheme of an orange or white hilight .
afaik not much other than the frequency bands they operate on : st17i : ( i = international version ) dual-band umts hspa 900 ( band viii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 st17a : ( a = american version ) tri-band umts hspa 800 ( band v ) , 1900 ( band ii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900
have you tried moving your apps to the sd card ? go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; Downloaded tab then tap on any 3rd-party app and then tap on the Move to SD card button ( if available . ) this should move most of the app to the card , thus freeing up space on the /data/ partition . not all apps support this method , but do try it on the largest space hogs like flash player and adobe air , for example . unfortunately moving apps to sd card this way does not touch the apps ' cache or dalvik cache . to move those you had need the old-school " apps2sd " hack . the basic idea is to re-partition your sd card and create a 2nd partition with ext2/3/4 format . the contents of /data/ folders are moved to the sd card 's ext partition and the phone 's internal memory is therefore freed up . then a script is added to android which mounts this partition at boot time and links /data/app , /data/app-private , /data/data , and /data/dalvik-cache folders to their corresponding locations on the sd card 's ext partition . there are some apps on the market that automate this ( except re-partitioning the card , which you will need to do manually . ) try link2sd or simple2ext for example . of course make sure you have a nandroid backup of your phone before trying anything . there are obvious pros and cons to this method . the pros are the ability to greatly extend the phone 's storage for apps , while keeping the internal memory relatively free . the cons are inability to cleanly un-mount and remove the sd card ( since the apps are mounted on the 2nd partition that the os is not aware of , ) and possible slow-downs in launching apps depending on the speed of the card . there sd card will also be subjected to more wear and tear , since it will be used by the system for reading/writing more than usual .
the answers to how do i copy pictures onto a folder on the home screen ? provide a couple methods of creating shortcuts ( it requires another file manager ) . as well , the root explorer file manager allows you to set the default path when it opens ; you could set it to the path of this folder , so you would not need to browse to it .
to backup/restore both sms and mms for android , i use a paid pc tool called backuptrans android sms + mms transfer . you need to connect your android to computer via usb or wifi then the software will save your sms and mms messages with attachment files on computer . restoring mms messages from computer to android is also simple .
none of the programs you mention will restore mms messages . perhaps those are the messages that are missing ?
configuring sms backup schedule in sms backup and restore : open sms backup and restore and click the menu button in the upper right corner : select preferences : from the preferences menu , select schedule settings : configure schedule settings however you want :
i only wanted to find a tool that could transfer my 3100+ sms messages . so two weeks ago , i downloaded ast android sms transfer to transfer sms from old phone to the new galaxy s3 , and it works well . but it is not a free program . i also use it to backup text messages to my pc in a .csv file , it is so convenient to check my messages .
are you talking about download mode ? afaik you have to press and hold menu key while connecting your phone to your computer via usb . volume keys are used to boot in recovery mode . i have not tried it on the phone you mentioned though .
if your computer did not recognize your phone while in recoverymod , may be because you did not enabled usb debugging in phone settings ( settings--> applications--> development ) enable it and try again .
if it is auto-completed by google chrome , please follow the following steps , go to your google account dashboard . this will list all of the information collected on you by google . scroll down to Web History and search for your credit card entry or other entries to be removed , and remove it from the history . or you can go directly to your web history . further , in dashboard you can scroll down to `Chrome Sync and click on Manage Chrome Sync . click on the Stop and Clear button to clear all the Autofil and Omnibox History and to stop syncing the data with google server . steps 3 and 4 will merely stop google from collecting data on google chrome 's omnibar ( i am not 100% certain on this ) .
i got the same problem . received two messages with " request failed " and am curious where they are from . i noticed that they always seem to arrive shortly after google calendar sms . so maybe that is somehow connected . as you might be able to see - the sms is sent to you and not from you . in previous days i got the google sms sometimes twice . so maybe google tried to fix the problem - what is left is a false request from google using your number with their calender application , instead of replying to google that the request is from it gets send to the alias number - being your number . i guess there is nothing to worry about . but anyway i will try to remove my number from google - i saw that somewhere you can just remove all sms notifications - that might help .
the last part of your question is easily answered , as there are a lot of permission scanners available on the playstore . for added benefit , i will just mention one : appbrain ad detector also scans for contained ad modules and more : appbrain ad detector ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) as you can see in the screenshots , such an app would turn up in " has access to your messages " , and for sure in " may cost you money " . there are a lot more permission-scanners out there , some even explaining what those permissions stand for and what they mean . take a look e.g. at rl permissions , guardian droid , or aspotcat ( app by permission ) -- and check their related apps for more candidates .
you should just be able to add the port to the end of the domain as you would with a desktop browser , e.g. http://mysite.com:8888 . chrome and the built-in browser app definitely support this as i use them in this fashion on a daily basis ; i would imagine other browsers would as well since the syntax is defined in the rfc specification .
this can be done using tasker and the autovoice addon . from the addon 's description : control your android device with your voice , now even via your bluetooth headset ! you can even redirect all audio to your bluetooth headset and also react to your bluetooth headset button and do whatever action you want with it in tasker . basically , you create a new profile in tasker to activate autovoice ( e . g . shaking the device , pressing the camera button , using a shortcut to the given task , whatever ) , which then acts on keywords even by regular expression match ( there is also a " permanent listening mode " which you could enable on conditions like " power plugged in plus bluetooth connected to car" ) . there are plenty of ways to realize different things with it , a full how-to would go much beyond the scope of this site : ) you can even have autovoice triggering google now , if you like . to go deeper into this topic , let me give you some links : how to use google now to trigger tasker tasks - youtube [ tutorial ] merge xposed , tasker , autovoice and google now to use phone only by voice autovoice beginner : setting up voice recognition - youtube voice control your phone with tasker and autovoice - xda developer tv for more , simply google for " autovoice howto " : )
if you are looking for a gui you should take a look onto droid explorer . basically it is a graphical frontend for adb especially developed for rooted phones . i know that it runs under windows ( .net) but afair it also runs linux using mono .
the android debug bridge ( adb ) can do pretty much everything you want . it is part of the android sdk , just download the sdk and enable usb debugging on your phone . you can get a shell with the command adb shell  and you can get files from the phone with adb pull  all the commands are documented in the first link i gave . another way to get any file from the phone would be to use any of the backup utilities available and back up your whole phone to your computer where you can examine it . as you already rooted your phone you might already have a backup utility installed , or you can easily install one , e.g. titanium backup root or nandroid . i have no experience with those two though , i can not tell you anything more about them . the kernel i used to root my phone included clockworkmod recovery with a backup program already integrated , so you might already have that available too .
i solved the error . instead of selecting pictures from a folder , use the album , and the picture folder will be listed as an album . deselect all the other albums , and pictures should show up .
install myat and t app and log into her online wireless account that should be see up on at and t website . then check usage from there . it tells me my phone minutes , text messages and data . i use very little data as i am usually connected to wifi , but because i am on a limited data plan , this app comes in handy .
daniel , she can also manage her data usage with the power control widget and apndroid . apndroid gives you a widget that lets you disable apn connections , which functionally disables data . and the power control widget , which needs no installing , will let you turn background data on and off . disabling background data saves battery and data use .
netcounter will keep track of data usage . it may not be 100% accurate , but it would be a decent estimate .
at and t has a number u can text to track how much is used . goto your phone and type *3282# and call like making a phone call and it will send a text message to you showing how much has been used and how much left . hope this helps .
looks like i have to eat my comments on the question . zdbox is yet another app that you can use to track your data usage , and it appears to have some pretty powerful/fantastic additional features .
another app which can be used to do this ( though it is a paid app ) is spb wireless monitor .
you might want to take a look at cloudii . i do not use the cloud myself , but if this app keeps it promises , it . . . is the best app to manage all your cloud services within a single app . cloudii brings full service integration as well as a powerfull synchronization tool . it even integrates multiple cloud services ( currently : google drive , dropbox , skydrive and box -- more to come ) . according to its description , it lets you both navigate your cloud-stored files and keeping them in sync ( the screenshots support this idea ) . note , however , that the free app is a 14d trial only , which afterwards requires an in-app purchase . i do not know the price , but as one comment put it : i will be glad to buy the developer " coffee " !
it is the data stores for the apps that are actually to blame . while you have so many apps installed , all the data they create when you use them is still being stored internally ( for speed ) and link2sd has to fiddle with things every time you boot up , which uses internal memory . the best fix for such a low end phone , and i am speaking from experience , is to create an " apps " directory on the ext partition of your sd card , and use titanium backup 's batch option . if an " apps " directory exists on the partition , titanium backup will recognize the partition and list it as a2sd and give you the batch option to move data to the sd card . once you are done with this you will see nearly every bit of internal memory on your phone is now free , and your apps can continue to access their data with no errors .
i am going to suggest a painful solution - when lg provided update to v20d for my country , i felt the rom was utter slow and i had to downgrade to v20c . same could be your situation . but before that : try unchecking Relink lib files at boot and Relink dex files at boot options in link2sd if the above does not work try Clean up the 2nd partition option . remove link for system apps and move it to internal memory . as a last resort , i would try partitioning my sd card and installing back apps in steps to see whether the number of application is the cause of the delay .
i rebooted and it fixed the problem :-\ [ and then several weeks later it occurred to me that i should note this fact here , in case it happens to anyone else ] . indeed , i suspect that my phone was in a weird state and probably i could not access the sd card on any computer at all at that point , regardless of what i implied in the question .
ok i believe i am a step closer to solving this adding to the dictionary issue . this is how i am getting around it firstly my keyboard is set to portrait type 3x4 predictive text on with continuous input . now to add a word turn off predictive text . now type your word manually and when your done , and with the cursor flashing directly next to the end of your word , goback into settings and turn predictive text back on . now when you back out of setting you should see your word in the suggestion list above the keypad . tap your new word and you should find it added to your dictionary . this method also works for email addresses . just to be clear this is for use on android 4.1.2 my device for all concerned is samsung gs2 . let me know if this helps .
i have been able to add and edit words on my samsung galaxy s2 running jellybean 4.1.2 by using a free app called quickshortcutmaker . the app allows me to create a home screen shortcut to the user dictionary . a detailed tutorial can be found here : how to add and edit words in the user dictionary on jelly bean 4.1.2
ext4 should be supported if you have an upgrade to 2.3 or 3.0 android ( i see that your post is from just before the 2.3 and 3.0 releases . . . ) . . . . and when btrfs is added to android , it has a nice mount-option " , ssd " with wear-levelling etc that ext4 does not have . . . and more speed than ext4 now , esp if you use " , compress=lzo " or " , space_cache " in fstab ( but do not use compression with the space_cache option , only use 1 or the other or else it slows to a crawl in some benchmarks ) -- and that speed comes despite btrfs checksumming of all data ( not only of the journals , as ext4 does ) . :- )
it appears that the answer is " no " : ( . i was asking because i have a new card to go in the phone , so i thought i would just try it -- it did not work . when i ask the phone to mount its card , it goes straight to saying " sd card safe to remove . " oh well .
i actually had my sdcard on ext4 and got it mounted permanent at boot time ( i have root on my phone ) . the biggest problem was that the apps don’t expect permission checking on /sdcard , but extx enforces this ( no mount option around this ) . so if one app stores e.g. some audio there and calls another subcomponent to play it , it fails . the same is true for photos ( camera shots them , some previewer might want to access them ) . you can manually fix this , but you have to run after every new file created . . . there would be an nice real solution to this , but it requires system modification : let the apps run with umask ( 002 ) instead of 022 . android is upg ( user private groups ) , so there is no big harm in doing so . – now the apps could choose if they want to expose files to others by setting the group to “sdcard“ , or not . this would also add to an enforced separation where the apps want it .
i have used multiple different wall-wart-to-usb chargers . i have not had any issues charging any of my devices on any of the chargers .
some devices use usbmicro , others use usb mini . like any device , it depends on the voltage that the device can take . but for the most part , afaik , as long as the charger is the same plug type ( micro , mini , etc . ) then yes it can work . a lot of the chargers that use usb plugs output the voltage that a standard usb port would ( between 4.75 and 5.25 volts ) . if this is the case , you will have no problems . the only issue , when you use usb to charge , it is usually a slower charge then using a wall charger .
i know this is an old topic but i want to share some proper information . first : yes , the cheap ones are often poorly designed -- either using fake complacency labels or just barley making it to the standard . that being said , try to avoid using them and if it feels cheap as hell do not use it . as for the usb standard : it is 5v ( this can vary within . 25v due to component values not being exact ) . most computer motherboards supply a maximum of 500ma to usb ports -- it does not mean it will always supply that . the device ( s ) attached to it determines the current draw , the same is true for wall adapters . they will be rated for 500ma 750 ma 1a or 1.5a etc . the important number is the voltage you want to be as close to 5v as you can . all devices have some form of voltage regulation to protect agents slightly high voltage , ( if they dont it is simply bad design ) . the excess energy gets dissipated as heat . android devices are normally ok with power consumption on stand by , but when you start doing a lot of cpu heavy tasks and have all the bells and whistles going ( gps , back light , wifi , lte , cell modem , etc ) it starts drawing a lot of current ( and making the phone hot ) . i have seen phones draw more than 1a with everything running ( the battery still draining while plugged into a 1a rated power adapter ) .
i have encountered random off problem a couple of times and it seemed to be always related to the connection with a bluetooth equipment . for the random on problem i would recommend shutting down the sound and keeping the device on every time . the random music activation should have been corrected with the latest firmware update . in my case , the firmware version 2.1-update1 corrected the random music activation . i would recommend that you make sure all your firmware updates have been done . these are not the best solutions but that is all i have been able to find . let 's hope the next update to android 2.2 will correct all these issues once and for all .
sounds like motorola has screwed up royally . i recommend a custom rom from xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=670
i recommend everyone cyanogenmod 6: http://www.cyanogenmod.com/ http://android.doshaska.net/cm6 the latest version cm 6.1.2 is based on android 2.2.1 with 2.6.32.9 kernel . i had a lot of problems at offical firmware ( android 2.1 ) : random reboot , spontaneous music playing , gtalk is not worked , bugs with media scanner which cause 100% cpu usage all time . i did not found any bugs at cm 6 . even more my motorola became much faster and less use battery .
did you install the correct usb drivers for the samsung galaxy s3 ? if not , download and install samsung kies . you also need to make sure usb tethering is disabled : Settings &gt; Wireless &amp; networks &gt; More &gt; Tethering &amp; portable hotspot . then , check usb settings : Settings &gt; Device &gt; Storage &gt; Menu &gt; USB computer connection . source .
few samsung phones have issues with their micro usb ports . even my galaxy nexus has had this problem . the easiest way to fix it it use a pin ( something shard ) and push the micro usb port of the phone slowly and very carefully to the screen . i suggest you to take it to a authorized service center though .
we people have issues like that too . i am not so sure about samsung s3 , but i am sure about android , i had an android phone , whose drivers were perfect ! i have checked for drivers by the cd that came . the issue is either not because of the cable , because if it charges well then it must connect to pc too , then where is the issue ? here are the two major reasons : please check that your usb supports fast data transfer ( usb 2.0 ) , because android would try to connect to a faster one . please note that there is alot of issues with android itself too . like many other apps running . when you connect to the usb , you get a popup that connecting usb storage would stop many other apps bla bla . so that is a reason too as android does not want to stop some personal apps from working . for this , you can restart the phone . this way this issue would be resolved , i have checked this one more than 5 times . and usb tethering is just related to internet , you will not get to use internet on your connected pc , if you are having the tethering settings turned off . so that has nothing to do with the usb storage ! tip : when android gets the favourable conditions it would itself show the connect dialog , otherwise you might need to change the port of usb you are connection too . ory try the might restart-the-phone trick . this way , you will get the images there ! there is no other issue , i have been facing this issue for a long time . then i caught the errors , the basic one is the usb port , then the android apps ; for that you can restart the phone . usb drivers are installed by default while you are connecting the device by general . in windows os ( that is the only one i use ) you would see the popup saying installing device drivers , if that goes perfectly , then you can connect the device . otherwise the only is this ! or there is a bug in the rom ( if you installed a custom rom ) .
samsung has very bad connections on that line of phones ( s3 , n2 ) i know this because i have a galaxy note 2 and about 6 months ago it was doing the same thing , then eventually it stopped charging all together . i also have a friend with s3 and the exact same thing had happened , except it would not charge ( luckily his was still in warranty ) . you need to check if it is being detected in another pc , if not , the connection is broken . if you really really need to be able to plug it into a pc , you will have to buy a replacement charger dock port . or you can use airdroid to wirelessly transfer files to an from your pc over a wireless network .
my problem was solved when i restarted my phone . after that , it automatically detected my phone from my laptop
maybe you have connected the device as ptp but not mtp . follow these steps to connect through mtp- first connect the usb cable to your laptop then scroll the notification bar down and you will have usb icon box , click on that and change your connection to mtp ( media transfer protocol ) to transfer files in windows . now that you have the proper settings you can connect to the laptop . as soon as you connect your laptop the windows operating system will try to identify the hardware ( mobile device ) connected and install its drivers which would be already present in the operating system thus making it a plug n play operating system . else if you still are unable to change the setting then visit this link it has a complete description along with pictures else if not available then you need to update your drivers either through the windows update > usb drivers for samsung or manually download the drivers from the samsung site .
it sounds like you want the extremely common ls -l  for reference , the complete busybox help for ls :
i would generally not expect /? to provide meaningful output , because it is really a dos/windows thing . linux/unix command option are typically passed with hyphens , either a single one for short flags ( for example , ls -l ) or two hyphens for verbose ones ( e . g . --help ) . two possibilities that you can try : if you are using a version provided by busybox , you can use busybox ls --help . doing this without the call to busybox at the front of the command may not yield any results ( e . g . cyanogenmod just responds with unknown option '--' if i try ls --help ) . the linux man page for ls is readily available online . the options there are probably not all implemented in the android binary , but it will give you a bit of an overview . you can also check the man page for busybox , which has all of the commands it implements as well as the options they support . i am not sure if the android version implements all the same commands/options , but it very well may .
found a solution that worked for me . from this page : go to settings> application manager> all> google text to speech engine instead of disabling it entirely , hit " clear data " note : this solution may or may not be permanent ( i have a feeling when i next actually use a feature with voice , it will re-enable ) , but it is easily repeatable at need . it is mostly viable for me because i do not use such features terribly often . if you use maps every day or whatever you might need to find a different answer .
my testing indicates a usable resolution of 1280 x 750
these so called updates are meant to fix bugs , errors etc and improve performance of the devices . so if you update the phone you will experience better performance . there is nothing to worry . also updates includes a lot of security fixes which keeps you away from online attacks .
you might want remove the external sd card before giving the handset . it is safe to change your google account password associated with that phone . basically what they try to do is a factory reset , in which case , you should not be worried about the stuff on your phone .
i assume you have a screen like this one ? there is a way to disable the so called " fullscreen landscape keyboard " . some custom roms have feature an option by default , but not cyanogenmod . what you could try is to download the xposed framework and disable that fullscreen landscape keyboard through xposed modules like " gravity box " or " xblast tools " . those two modules also feature a lot of other useful tweaks . i hope i understood you correctly and that this will be helpful . edit : those two modules i mentioned above may be a bit confusing at first . so i would rather recommend this module instead : no fullscreen keyboard xposed - android apps on google play
i do not know what was the issue behind it , but i upgraded my arc to 2.3.4 and surprisingly this made it work . just added it as an answer in case someone does come across any such thing .
not sure about keyboard font but maybe you can change the font in apps . check out this link - custom fonts in apps . and also this link - custom fonts in apps 2 . link 2 is from external site .
i have a samsung galaxy s2 here is a method to get info on your bluetooth version turn on bluetooth by going to the home screen , clicking menu-> settings bluetooth . pull that to enabled . make sure it is on . on the home screen , click menu -> settings -> applications -> ' running ' tab . an item appears called : " bluetooth share " . a screen pops up with information about the program , but it is sparse .
head to settings scroll down to find application manager scroll to the right until you reach the page all locate badge-provider click on clear data , if you cannot click clear data then first hit force stop , then you should be able too . restart your phone ( source )
mouse cursor graphics can be located in the framework-res.apk . specifically , res/drawable-x/pointer_arrow.png inside the apk file where x ( suffix of drawable ) is pixel density class of your device .
no you are not doing anything wrong . also it is not cyanogen 's mod fault . the problem is , i think that you bought your phone on a contract witch usually have a network lock aka you can only use it on the network from where you got your contract from . the problem is that when you change your rom , you are installing something different then what your operator 's rom had on it and the phone does not know that rom and he think you want to use it in different networks so he will only give access if you unlock it . may by you can find some tutorials to unlock your phone or you can go to your contract provider ( if the contract expired ) to give you the network key to unlock the phone .
solved it myself after hours of googling . i really only needed to run error checking on the internal storage ( checkdisk ) in windows . since i could not get windows to mount the drive normally , i tried booting into clockworkmod recovery mode and then connect usb . ran the error checking ( right click on drive , properties , tools , error-checking ) , rebooted phone and voilà ! life is beautiful once again .
i had the same problem and i found a solution . first , problem description : i have connected the s2 to a pc and turned on the mass storage mode . after copying the files i have selected on the phone to disconnect from pc ( without unplugging the device in windows - which may cause this problem ) . after that i found out that both memories ( sd card and 16gb usb memory ) are damaged . solution : i have connected the phone to a pc , choose to turn on the mass storage mode . windows found the drives but they are empty ( unmounted ) . i selected on the phone disconnect from pc and this time i have unplugged the cards from windows . after this my phone found the memories and start working again . i think it is a system glitch which hangs the card somewhere between mass storage mode and direct access to them .
there is no direct equivalent in android . each app has its own directory in /data/data ( for a multi-user system , it is <code> /data/users/ n </code> ) . apps are encouraged to show a metadata-based view of user data , instead of requiring the user to worry about individual files . each app stores the files and databases that hold its documents , and its configuration files , in its directory . for data that already live in files , the sd card contains appropriately-named directories such as /sdcard/Music , /sdcard/Movies , which are shared between all apps ( with the appropriate permission ) .
google apps ( gapps ) is the only way to sync with google . whatcustom rom have you downloaded , and which device do you own ? try to find gapps installation somewhere else .
that is pretty normal for ( almost ) all custom roms : they are not permitted to include google apps . gapps are proprietary , and to ship them bundled with anything requires an explicit license from google . however , custom roms come rooted usually . and also usually , you ( at least in most cases ) have a custom recovery when installing them . so if you feel you need a way , you have got two choices primarily : pick the gapps package corresponding to your android version from goo . im , and flash them via your custom recovery , or head over to xda and check for the nogapps packages if you prefer an open-source replacement
check the size and format of your sd card . the current clockworkmod recovery version ( 6.0.3 . x ) does not support exfat partitions . if you have a newer card that is over 32gb , chances are it is formatted using exfat file system , due to limitations of fat32 on windows . the solution is to either use a smaller card formatted as fat32 , or use a different recovery that supports exfat , such as twrp , for example .
to update the path variable inside a running adb shell you can use the expect command . this works on a non-rooted phone where you can not edit system files as suggested in the other answers . put the following script somewhere on the path of your development machine , for example in ~/bin/adb-shell-busybox: you can also inject any other setup commands that you might need .
by default stock android mksh uses this config file : /system/etc/mkshrc
additionally to what @alex-p wrote , you can set the ENV environment variable to override the path of the mkshrc file used . all login shells also read /system/etc/profile and $HOME/.profile ( these are a good place to export ENV ) . disclaimer : i’m the mksh maintainer .
you must go in settings -> developer options and there must be an option called " root access " . set it to ADB + Apps .
this is possible with tasker . however , i am not sure you can read out a subject line , since an sms does not normally have a subject line . it does have a body . create a profile . in the profile tab , create a new profile (+ button) &gt; Event &gt; Phone &gt; Received text . click back button ( to create the profile ) . assign a task to the profile . after you click the back button , a dialog will pop-up . click New Task . name it ( e . g . read sms ) . in task edit screen , create a new action (+ button) &gt; Misc &gt; Say . in text , type " message received " . you can also edit the pitch ( of the voice ) or its speed . click back ( to create the action ) . if you want the text body to be read , create a new action (+ button) &gt; Misc &gt; Say . in text , click the label button to the right , select Text Subject . when you receive a message , you will be able to hear " message received " , and the text body ( if you added an action for that ) .
it is not a software issue , it is a hardware issue . most of the times , they are referred as pink spots or purple tint/haze it happens because apparently the component called zoe puts a lot of strain on the camera module , which causes it to heat , and it could even lead to burning down your motherboard ( in extreme cases ) . reference : http://forums.androidcentral.com/htc-one/351874-htc-one-heres-skinny-infamous-purple-tint-thermal-defect.html better call htc for a replacement/fix before your warranty runs out .
it turns out the compass needed to be calibrated . i rotated the tablet a full 360 degrees in all three axes , and the problem cleared up . i used this app to monitor the orientation sensor , and while i still see the x axis orientation value drifting , it is being corrected automatically so that accuracy is maintained .
the post you link says that a more recent ota update fixes the problem . if you are not comfortable rooting the phone , i suggest you wait a few days and apply that update when your phone offers . to answer your other queries about rooting : yes , you can unroot again ( and lock the bootloader ) once you have changed whatever settings you like . while the phone is unrooted , ota updates will not apply . applying an ota update afterwards may undo the settings you have change : we can only guess whether they will or not . in this case , since the next ota update fixes the problem , it probably will change the tethering flag . fwiw , the problem you are seeing is not that the phone does not have the ability to tether any more . kitkat adds new tethering features , and it seems ( from the descriptions online ) that the update had the accidental side-effect of making t-mobile ( and some other carriers ) think that your plan does not allow tethering when it should . whether tethering is allowed is a matter between you and your carrier , not android . if tethering is disallowed in your contract with the carrier , and you try to do it anyway , they have every right to stop you . many carriers have other means to detect and block it that do not rely on the phone . it seems to be an accident that users on some carriers are being blocked when they should not be , and that is what the work-around ( and the official update ) avoids .
i am not using your device but doing a quick search i found this : before using art , you have to enable expanding memory in settings -> extras ! you might want to do that before enabling art next time . you can get more infos on here
the first boot after swapping to art generally takes a little longer to boot . after that it then recompiles every app using the new runtime before you can actually use the device . during this stage the device actually displays a message with it is current progress . if it never gets to that stage then there is a decent chance that android is stuck trying to boot . if it is stuck in a bootloop , you should see your phone continually swap from the htc boot logo to the cm boot logo and back again . if it is stuck on just the cm boot logo then there is a chance that it is actually booting and just taking a long time .
4x2 true hdmi matrix switch w/ analog audio output or 1 x 2 hdmi splitter distribution amplifiier with toslink audio output
i found that : http://www.ebay.com/itm/5ft-hdmi-male-to-5rca-5-rca-audio-video-av-component-cable-gold-plated-/390383800639?pt=us_video_cables_adaptershash=item5ae4b0113f i am still waiting for it but that can be good for you too ! regards !
you could probably download a custom rom from xda and find and extract the sound files from /system/media/audio/  you should be able to put them into the relevant folder on the ' sdcard ' /sdcard/alarms/ /sdcard/Notifications/ /sdcard/Ringtones/  where they will get picked up by the os . as for the notification icons , without rooting and customising the relevant files ( i am not sure exactly which ) there is no way to change them from white to blue .
widgetlocker will allow you to adjust the lock screen sounds , the only downside is you can not use it with a pin . the status bar was a change to make android look better , you can not change that without changing roms or using xposed framework . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.teslacoilsw.widgetlocker
short answer generally , apps are cleanly uninstalled , and most if not all of their data will be removed along . some exceptions may however apply to their data stored on sdcard , if any . detailed answer android uses a data structure which is defined by the developers api , and developers should stick to it . there are also not too many ways they could deviate , as e.g. file system permissions prevent this . aside from the .apk ( the app itself ) installed at a defined place , there are also defined places for the apps data : all these can only go below /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; on internal storage ( rare chances an app can access other places in internal storage to place its data , except from some " temporary " or cache locations . as for the sdcard , the api strongly recommends to use Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt; as corresponding place ( see api documentation ) . as long as developers stick to these rules , uninstalling the app will also remove all its data ( as the system takes care for all those locations defined by the developer documentation , since these are easily identified via the package name ) . however , on the sdcard there are almost no restrictions which places an app can access ( which is due to the fat file system used for these cards ) , and some apps go wild here .
i found the problem : the icon already existed on another screen . however , i was confused because both icons are identically named ( gallery ) and are nearly identical in appearance . thus , i did not realize that i had both icons already .
until and unless the app does not provide the functionality there is nothing an end use can do except request them for the feature . one difficult and less possible way though would be to monitor the data transfer whatsapp makes and see if it uses different subdomain or ip for pictures like pics.whatsapp.com. if they do so then you can block that particular subdomain . but this might cause the app to misbehave .
after facebook bought whatsapp messenger , they have added new privacy settings for last seen , profile photo and status to make them visible to either everybody , your contacts or no body . from whatsapp faq : how do i configure my privacy settings ? by default , whatsapp will automatically set your privacy settings to allow any whatsapp user to view your last seen , profile photo and status . if you do not share your last seen , you will not be able to see other people 's last seen . please note there is no way to hide your online status . to change these settings , simply go to whatsapp > menu button > settings > account > privacy . you can set the following options separately for last seen , profile photo and/or status . everyone your last seen , profile photo and/or status will be available to all whatsapp users . my contacts your last seen , profile photo and/or status will be available to your contacts from your address book only . nobody your last seen , profile photo and/or status will not be available to anyone
as recomended by ce4 above , i just followed the steps laid out in this tutorial . samsung galaxy s : full update guide you can download the rom from get . cm here ( original samsung galaxy s variant ) or here ( samsung galaxy s ( b ) variant ) , note these are only for i9000 ( not i9001 or i9003 ) .
typically your carrier will be using nat so you will have either a private rfc1918 address or an already allocated public ip . a free app like net tools will tell you the ip assigned directly to your phone , so can you have ip communications with your carrier . ( net tools will use netcfg as you have ) . if you go to whatismyip . com you will likely find a different ip though because your connection is behind a nat device . this is why you can not " ping " your phones ip .
you could always use the browser hit one of the many web pages that will tell you what your ip address is . whatsmyip being one such .
this open-source app might fit your needs , called external ip . this simple application will show your ip addresses ( default local and external ) .
so reproducing the solution here for posterity : need to change the default apn to either publicip . apn or vpn.com. all the other settings remain the same as the original default apn ( which is fido-core . appl1 . apn ) . restart the device and voila ! , the phone has a public ip . it can be discovered using adb and netcfg . @martinschröder , thanks a lot for pointing out network info ii tool , its quite useful . only thing is , after tethering the device , it reports an ipv6 rndis ip as the " internal " ip of the device .
get network info ii . it also gives you the name of your gateway .
there is an easy way to hide root/superuser temporarily . just rename the superuser app/apps to some other name in /system/app . the disadvantage is that this will disable root for all apps .
no android does not block if you are not on a cellular network . did a ota update of my galaxy nexus a couple of weeks back without inserting a sim . i think htc has released no more newer builds for your phone hence you do not see it .
according to this xda-thread an apple usb-> ethernet adapte r works on a similar ics device . so technically it should work . but it in your case it could be hardware limitation , so you should try it out before buying . just go to an apple store and ask kindly ; - )
sending to voicemail is a carrier service , and what you can configure depends on the features your carrier offers . if you are able to configure this , it'll be via the " call forwarding " settings . on my nexus 4 running stock kitkat , you can access these by opening the phone app , tapping the menu icon , then settings , then call settings , then call forwarding . on uk mobile networks ( i presume it is the same worldwide , but i am far from certain ) , the behaviour when you deny a call is controlled by your " forward when busy " setting , so you will want to disable call forwarding for that case . that'll also , obviously , disable voicemail when someone calls you and you are already in another call . for contrast , " forward when unanswered " configures what happens if you let the call ring out , and " forward when unreachable " covers your phone being turned off or out of signal . some networks do not respect how you configure this through the phone menu . this may be because they do not support letting you have that choice , or it may be because you need to configure it a different way . this is frequently by dialing your voicemail number and pressing * or # to get a menu , but each network operator will have their own ways .
so you want something like this : appchooser ( source : google play ; click for larger variant ) freely configurable , including the possibility to . . . switch between list and grid hide apps you never use , but still having them available quickly with a single tap sort alphabetically or by last-used then take a look at appchooser pro , available for a single buck . there is also a free version on play if you want to test it first . i went immediately for the payed version a couple of months ago , and never regretted the decision . still you might wish to pick the free version first , as i did not test it on 4.4 ( i am still on 4.0 on my phone ) .
every app is under its own user ( this is how permissions are enforced ) . when you " root " a device , you add an su binary which runs tasks as the super user . any app can run the su binary but they have to explicitly do so . without explicitly doing so , they continue to run as their own user . most ( if not all ) rooting methods will have an additional apk for managing what apps have access to su , such as supersu . in my experience , the first time an app tries to use su , you will get a notification asking for access . this will allow you to deny root to apps that request it . edit : i would also like to add that you can get command line access on android without rooting . i highly recommend terminal emulator if you want access from your phone . if it is connected to a computer you can use adb to run things on your phone by running adb shell . to get adb , you will need to get the android sdk and find adb in it .
if you do not use your gps at all , just turn it off . locations services will not be enabled and the " places " evernote service will not be used .
1 . first turn -on your gps 2 . go to evernote settings 3 . under general settings you can find " other options " 4 . uncheck " use gps satellites " option . also uncheck " use wireless networks " if you did not turn on your gps , " use gps satellites " option get greyed out . now your note will not store your location .
are you able to get into the recovery boot menu ? ( on my phone , it is accessed by holding down the vol down button when turning on the phone ) . if so , there may be something that can help you . i have had this happen to me , and what i had to do was to try re-installing the rom from the zip file , using the process described here ( scroll down to flashing cyanogenmod - method via recovery ) . on that page , it also states " as of right now cyanogenmod is not officially available for the htc thunderbolt " . i did a bit of digging , and found that the only available cyanogenmod roms for the thunderbolt are unofficial . at this juncture , i would suggest flashing a different rom , or an earlier version of cyanogenmod , if you still have the zip file you used before the update .
short answer : no . longer answer : the thumb-drive version of ubuntu is for x86 processors . there are ways to run ubuntu in android , all of them requiring a ubuntu port with an arm architecture . search for complete linux installer in the play store for basic stuff . it will rum on top of android in a virtualized environment , and you can connect to its environment and everything . just download the image and put it on your flash drive instead .
tap the widget so it opens the news and weather app . tap the overflow menu and go into Settings . tap Weather settings check or uncheck " use my location " as necessary . clear out the value under " set location " as necessary
as usual , a factory reset is a possible last-ressort to sort things out and see whether the problem is software-related . and even if the problem remains , this way you do not need to worry about your data in alien hands : ) as a factory reset wipes all data ( and 3rd party apps ) from your device , you of course want to backup as much as possible , to be able to restore it later . without root , this get 's a little complicated -- but not impossible , if you are running android 4 . x . since starting with ics ( 4.0 ) , adb supports a full backup of non-rooted devices . which brings us to a seemingly chicken-and-egg problem : you cannot establish an usb connection , which is the most common pre-condition for an adb connection . but fear not , there is a solution for that as well : you can connect android with adb via wifi as well , and there is even a little app called wifi adb to help you with that 1 : wifi adb makes it easy to debug/test your android apps directly on device via wifi tcp/ip connection . no need to use usb cable . trouble again is this requires root . having a rooted device , you could of course also use titanium backup to backup your apps and data 2 .
another alternative is to carry a second battery pack in your carry bag . just swap the battery when you are running out . the disadvantage is that you need to turn off the phone while swapping .
i am not managing to find any iphone-like battery cases for the gnex , but you might look at an external battery pack without the integrated connector , but rather just a bog standard plug for your own cable . i personally have one made by aluratek . they also offer 3 other newer models and in retrospect , i would get one of those as they charge over microusb rather than a proprietary plug . i also use a itty bitty igo keyjuice as the cable for compactness and just velcro'd it onto the above mentioned battery pack so they are always together for use . even the smallest of those packs will net you better than 3x your runtime . another option might be an oversize extended battery , like the one offered by seido . it'll add bulk and prevent you from using any case except their 's , but it'll also come close to doubling your battery capacity even over the stock-size extended battery you have now . i personally have a stock-size extended battery from them in my incredible s and my personal testing seems to bear out their capacity claims .
as far as i know , they are stored under : data/data/com.android.chrome/app_chrome/default/bookmarks
i had a similar problem . i had enabled mobile tracker and that why the sms 's were going . disable the tracker and the sms'es will not be send out on sim change .
hey i got solution after giving lot of time on this problem . this is the defect of samsung software . actually every software version is linked with some number . but it not send any sms to that number . because of licence , security reason they need to linked every version to particular number . if some problem occur in mobile phone then only it communicate with this number . but in some particular software there is some defect that is why it send sms when new sim inserted into mobile . the solution is go to your nearest samsung service center and update your software .
before changing the sim , set your phone to flight mode . then switch it off , and change the sim . switch on after 5 minutes , and disable the flight mode . it will help you save your balance deduction .
you could just press your home key to go to your home screen - do what you need to there , even open another app . then just long-press the home key again to pop up the list of recently used apps and select the original app you were in to return to where you were . should work .
i actually found taskxp for multitasking which someone recommended . it is just what i wanted . it shows my recent apps and any apps that i pin , in an overlay that i can quickly hit back from .
what exactly did happen there for that to occur ? the only way this can happen is by going into settings > storage , scroll down to the bottom and it says " unmount sd card " , at this point it is already unmounted so that would show by now the following " mount sd card " ?
since the update to google maps last year you should now use google maps engine to create custom maps and access these on android via the corresponding maps engine app . from desktop maps you can get to maps engine by clicking in the search box and then clicking ' my custom maps ' . to import existing maps saved to ' classic ' my maps : go to ' my custom maps ' then ' see all my custom maps ' in the ' open a map ' window , select ' classic my maps ' tick the maps you want to import and then ' select ' followed by ' import ' you should then be able to find these maps in the android maps engine app under ' open a map ' > ' classic maps ' . if your map was not created by you ( will show as ' bookmarked ' rather than ' created by you ' in my places ) then you might need to re-import it into ' my places ' as kml to make it available to import into maps engine . . . click the name of the map in ' my places ' ( found by clicking the little cog icon in the bottom right of ' new ' maps or at https://www.google.co.uk/maps/mm ) in the left hand panel copy the link to the kml file back at ' my places ' , click ' create with classic my maps ' give the map a title then ' import ' paste in the url of the kml link and ' upload from url ' you should now be able to go back to maps engine and import the map as above .
ifttt . specifically , with the ifttt android app . the android location channel can trigger when you enter ( or exit ) an area you define . simply use one of the metric ton of possible actions ( e . g . , pushover , pushbullet , sms , android notifications , etc . ) with it . ( browse the recipes that use android location for some ideas . )
ask your railway company . or your government . or both . the dutch railways ( ns ) has an app where you can plan train trips , but also get notifications when you need to check in and out and change trains , and realtime information about delays and schedule changes . and since all public transport data is freely available in my country ( and some others ) , there are other apps that can do the exact same . so just search for the names of your transportation comnpanies in the play store , and see what you find . you may be surprised .
automation apps like condi ( free ) or tasker ( $2.99 ) can allow you to configure rules based on specific criteria . i personally have used condi and , though it cannot calculate the time it takes to get to a location like google maps does , it can display a notification/alert when you are within a certain distance of a point ( eg . within 500 meters of your stop ) that you can select using maps . it is also very configurable for other very useful automated behavior .
there are likely two calendar apps on your system . stock android includes an app and google provides one as well , which might be preinstalled on your device , or you may have downloaded it without realizing it . they both look very similar ( which is probably why you thought they were the same when you held on them for the app info screen ) . check in your app drawer . the stock android calendar is a green calendar icon , and the google one is blue . then disable notifications for one of them . you can always click on the roll-up notifications and when that app opens , go into the settings and disable notifications . then go to your app drawer and check both icons ( both are labeled calendar ) see which app has notifications disabled . once you determine what app it is , if it is the google calendar , you could just uninstall it , or if it is the built-in one , you can disable it via settings -> apps -> all -> calendar -> disable .
if you use the calendar app that i do ( which i believe is the stock android calendar app that has a pink icon ) , click the icon to open the app , click settings then mine has a " set alerts and notifications " where i can select from 3 options : ( 1 ) alert , ( 2 ) status bar notification , or ( 3 ) off . i use the stock calendar which uses my google calendar and i also use nudnik reminders app . so all three of those apps have settings for notifications that i have to consider . hope this helps !
if you are using the blue google calendar and want to stop getting 2 notifications do as i do : i went into the stock android calendar ( pink ) and in settings checked the play notification sound box , picked my notification sound and then unchecked every other box for these settings . then i went to the blue google calendar and general settings . in notifications and reminders i checked the notifications box , picked my sound so that it is the same one as the stock calendar one i chose earlier and decided to check the box to vibrate and i checked pop-up box . then i unchecked the the main notifications box leaving the other boxes checked but greyed out . if you leave the main notification box checked as well you will get 2 pop-ups !
i can confirm that this is normal behaviour for the default ( blue ) google calendar on the nexus 4 - just the 1 app . having tried a few tests of my own . . . the multiple " roll-up " events appear to be events for which you have already received a notification , but have not explicitly acknowledged or " dismissed " it - in which case the notification remains in the notification area and forms this group when the next notification occurs . in the screenshot above , a notification has just occurred for " test3" , while notifications have already occurred for " test1" and " test2" , but i did not acknowledge/dismiss them . i could , for instance , tap on the " roll-up " and dismiss " test2" - it will then be removed from the notification area . the only way to stop this roll-up of events is to either : dismiss the notification as it occurs . do not set a notification for these events .
no , you would have to modify the core files in android in order to do that .
if you have a launcher like launcherpro or adw launcher , you can just hit the menu button in any homescreen and click notifications . that however does not help if you are in another app and want to bring down the notification area , unfortunately . in lp , you can also configure a swipe action to pull down the notification area . there is also hellostatusbar which is an app that when clicked will bring down the bar . one workaround maybe to launch it and then while in another app , long-press home to make it show in the recently used app list . if it works , i would recommend exsbar which allows you to assign the long-press search button or long-press camera button to this function .
the syncronization between google reader ( web ) and google listen ( phone app for listening podcasts ) is limited to podcast subscriptions and marking episodes as read/listened and unread/unlistened . there is no direct way to add episodes to your listen " my listen items " queue from reader . you can still access old episodes from listen by scrolling down and clicking repeatedly on the " load more episodes . . . " link at the bottom , and you can add them to queue from there . of course , this is not as friendly as selecting them from reader . however , here 's a workaround that might work : in google reader , add a specific tag of your choice to the old episodes you are interested in . in google reader , go to " manage subcriptions -> folders and tags " to make your tag public . access the public page of the tag to get its atom feed . that link should be a valid podcast feed containing only the episodes you have tagged ( even from multiple different podcasts ) . ( this is the step i cound't get to work ) somehow subscribe to that created feed from listen . since you can not add a tag directly to a folder in reader , you need to subscribe to the atom feed of the tag , and from " manage subscriptions " add that feed to the " listen subscriptions " folder . however , i coulnd't get listen to show any items in that subscription , even though it looks ok when viewed in reader . these questions might also help : podcast app which supports old episodes well ? alternative to google listen ?
touch in the date area . that show tags and permits to add and edit them
you need to have a picasa account ( which is auto-created if you have a google+ account ) and also have sync google photos turned on ( which is automatically on if you have google sync turned on . ) share your photo with picasa . go to picasa web albums at https://picasaweb.google.com/home and find your photo . in the right-hand margin , you will see tags and a "+" button with a tag icon . click that button , which is the add tags button . enter your tags , which are space separated . on your android device , go into gallery and go up to the top level using the up caret in the upper left , which is the left-most side of the action bar . it should refresh automatically . if not , you can manually choose " refresh " in the menu in the upper right . this is what syncs the tags that you created on the web to your android device . ( sync google photos is what really does it under the covers . ) now you can choose the album that has the photo that you tagged above . then choose the menu item group by > tags . voila ! you can now see your photos grouped by tag . happy tagging ! picasa web tagging is documented at : http://support.google.com/picasa/bin/answer.py?answer=55851 sync google photos is documented at : http://support.google.com/mobile/bin/answer.py?answer=2395276
this is usual android disconnection response . it is to do with your phone checking in with the closest antenna when you end a call . perhaps this will help explain the speed a little : http://images.cellphones.org/cell_phone_calls.jpg p.s. i just hit end call then home or lock screen and put it in my pocket :- )
first of all , do a nandroid backup to save the current state of the phone . get a rom that can be flashed via recovery ( usually . zip , not . img or . tar . img ) , then just execute : adb shell mount /sdcard adb push &lt;romname.zip&gt; /sdcard  if the first option to mount the sdcard fails , you can manually mount if from recovery . also sdcard path might vary from rom or recovery . once the rom is uploaded to the phone , you can then use the recovery option to install it . if you are comming from a different rom , be sure to wipe /system , /data and /cache .
skype for android uses your tablet 's default language . from their support site : skype for android is currently available in [ 32 different ] languages ( based on your phone’s or tablet’s language setting ) . what language is your tablet set to ? to check ( or to change it ) go to Settings &gt; Language &amp; input . it does not look possible to change the language used by skype without changing it for the whole tablet .
there is actually a way to do so , make sure that the source file your downloaded sourcefile is in the language you requested , ie downloading skype_3.1.0.6458 in your case
does not exist yet the only way is to decompile the application then change each line written in . apk/res/ the folders i found in resources of skype app anim drawable drawable-hdpi-v11 drawable-land drawable-land-ldpi drawable-ldpi drawable-mdpi drawable-mdpi-v9 drawable-port drawable- port-ldpi drawable-xhdpi drawable-xhdpi-v9 layout-land menu raw color drawable-hdpi drawable-hdpi-v9 drawable-land-hdpi drawable-land-mdpi drawable- ldpi-v9 drawable-mdpi-v11 drawable-nodpi drawable-port-hdpi drawable-port-mdpi drawable-xhdpi-v11 layout layout-port menu-v11 xml or try sending them an email at : skypeuploader@googlemail . com
although the sony xperia tipo is listed by freexperia as a supported device , the tipo dual is not . it is not clear from the site , so it may simply be that ( the unofficial port of ) cyanogenmod can not access the sim cards in that device .
i have not ever found a way in any the settings to adjust this . i think the time is hard coded . i completely agree with you about the time before it would close , for this reason , i disable it unless i am testing something and need it for a specific test .
the find command works well in adb shell . the syntax is find /path -name file_name . for searching read only areas you will need root . if the find command is not available on your particular device , you might need to install busybox ( search the market . ) for example , adb shell find / -name *maps* will find all files that contain word " maps " across the entire file system .
here is a guide for resetting the samsung galaxy ace : http://forum.gsmhosting.com/vbb/f777/guide-samsung-galaxy-ace-hard-reset-1247841/ if you are a fan of youtube , here is a video that has the same info : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhykjinjopm it is basically the same way you reset all of the android devices : settings --> privacy --> factory reset --> reset --> yes , erase everything you might want to try to see if you can update your os before you do a factory reset , just to make sure an update would not fix the problem .
my understanding is that the stock e-mail app sends mail in plain text only -- not html . thus whatever client receives the message will render it in a default font for plain-text messages . for outlook , that is apparently times new roman . ( courier new is another possibility . ) so your question might actually be " can i send html e-mail from the stock android app ? "
there is an app available in the market called buttonremapper , and the developer has a thread open on xda that you can find here . there is a version specifically designed for the samasung galaxy s ( which i think is what the nexus s was based off ? see my edit below . ) so you might want to try that version first , but i think your best bet is going to be trying this app and seeing if it lets you do what you want . oh , this app requires root access . all the standard disclaimers apply . edit : based on this link they seem close but have important internal differences . i am not sure how that will affect whether or not that app made for the galaxy s will work for you .
i am guessing you have tried double clicking it ? on my phone ( dell streak ) , a double-click skips to the next track . might just be doubletwist that , though , i am not sure .
your battery status may be off for a while , but will return to normal as you use the device . in general it is good to do several consecutive full discharges and full charges , which will restore the stats about how long the battery lasts . there is nothing you can do beyond that .
you have said that you partitioned before installing link2sd but not before installing data2sd . data2sd also requires extra partition just like link2sd . the reason link2sd being not effective is because it moves all but data to sd-card . if any of your app uses huge data it will fill your internal space quickly . try going to settings -> apps -> sort by data size and see which apps are on top and try clearing their data . this will free some space for some time but also clear that particular app 's data . as you have pointed out installing dalvik cache to sd would be best . in my custom rom i have to open terminal and type a2sd install and supply option y , n , y . most probably this will work with your rom as well .
i would check what is taking up so much of the internal memory . i use sd maid app , and use these functions : corpsefinder , systemcleaner , appcleaner , duplicates , biggest files . when i could not install google maps after reflashing my cm10.1 with the latest nightly , i used the biggest files and delete some files i would downloaded before ( other nightlies that i have saved ) . i also deleted some files that were no longer being used . when i was done , i was able to install google maps .
manually backup all the data with the help of below mentioned steps so as to make sure that just in case if the data gets lost or corrupted , the same can be restored with the help of below mentioned steps . make sure that you don’t use any sorts of pc suites like htc sync to back up the data as it won’t help you restore the data smoothly . sms – use “ sms backup and restore app ” contacts – sync with the gmail application call log - call log and restore images , songs , videos , files – copy to internal / external sd card apn and mms settings – note down from the path “applications > settings > wireless and network > mobile networks > access point names” enable the usb debugging from the path “ settings > applications > development > usb debugging ” make sure that the minimum battery life should be 30% so as to ensure that the phone doesn’t get turned off in the middle of update . disable / uninstall all the security suites installed in your phone . let’s head to the procedure which will help you update your phone with the latest firmware of jellybean 4.1 firmware . procedure to update at and t htc one x with jellybean 4.1 firmware : 1 . download the official jellybean 4.1 firmware update from here to your computer . once downloaded , you need to place the same in your device’s root or in the phone’s storage and not in any of the sub folders . 2 . now , disconnect the device from computer if you have connected the phone and then turn off the device so that it can be entered in the recovery mode . to enter htc one x in the recovery mode , press the volume down button and while doing this , press and hold the power button for a period of 10 seconds till you see the fastboot screen . 3 . in fastboot mode , use the volume keys to navigate to the recovery option and then press the power button . after this , you will see the htc logo on the screen and the screen will go blank with an exclamation mark and a triangle . 4 . now , press and hold both the volume up and down key and then while holding them , press and release the power button . after releasing the volume rocker key , you will get a blue menu along with a set of options which will indicate that the device has been successfully landed in the recovery mode . 5 . now , select “apply update from internal storage” from the option and press the power button . you will need to select the update file which you have placed in the phone storage and press the power button to confirm the same . it will take around 3 -5 minutes for applying the update and once it’s done , you need to select the option of “reboot system now” for rebooting the device in the normal mode . source note:do it at your own risk , no one can held responsible .
broadcom did not specify it , it could be any from this list , search for the gps category . galaxy y uses the broadcom bcm21553 which is arm11 . based on this , i conclude it uses the bcm4751 gps module . you can also try this ussd codes that might reveal some information .
no , thats not possible -- as there is no ui ( including terminal ) available in fastboot mode .
ok , so it is quite obvious that your phone is receiving 3g service ( likely edge/umts ) , not just the 2g gprs service . gprs is simply not capable of the speeds you are getting . since you have called the carrier and had them check , it is their problem . i would say just go with it and enjoy the free service . do not let them charge you for it if they figure it out later , since you did try to make them aware . if you are worried about it just call again and make the situation really clear .
these sites may not comply with your requirements , but they may be still be useful ( and have more than 10 recipes ) . pocketables tasker wikidot xda the ultimate noob/beginners guide to tasker if you are looking for a book , try : developing android on android : automate your device with scripts and tasks related question that was closed : useful or cool tasker recipes
you just have to enable usb debugging mode . go to settings scroll down to developer options . under that the first option is usb debugging . enable that
it sounds like the brightness control in the hardware is broken . perhaps when the mechanic installed it he did not manage to connect the ribbon cable correctly . there is no way an app can work around such a hardware problem . you should return your phone to the mechanic and ask him to actually fix it this time .
a typical a-gps-enabled receiver will use a data connection ( internet or other ) to contact the assistance server for agps information . if it also has functioning autonomous gps , it may use standalone gps , which is sometimes slower on time to first fix , but does not depend on the network , and therefore can work beyond network range , and without incurring data usage fees . some a-gps devices do not have the option of falling back to standalone or autonomous gps .
you do not need to back up media files or app data . they are in device 's internal storage . if you are performing a factory reset these datas wont be erased unless you select Erase Internal Storage when performing a factory reset . if you still need to backup the media files or app data , connect your xperia s to a pc and backup the files in the pc .
it depends . some phone manufacturers adds the feature of moving apps to sd card in some of their models but most of them does not have this feature by default . although you can change that manually by rooting your phone and using an app called ' app2sd ' on any version of android .
yes you can , you will need to create a different " calendar " ( probably " tag " would be a better name , but that is google 's terms for it ) . creating a calendar ( do this from the desktop , i did not found a way to do it from android 's calendar app ; do anyone know ? ) : go to http://www.google.com/calendar . look for the " my calendars " box on the left , click on " add " fill in the information , and click create calendar . you can change the color later from " my calendars " box , by clicking on the triangular button . adding events to calendar ( can be done from android ) : on the " create new event " view , choose the calendar you have just made from " calendar " combobox .
after following lie 's steps to create a new calendar in google calendar , you will have to add it to the calendar app : open the calendar app menu > my calendars menu > add calendars select the calendar you just added lie mentioned this in a comment , but i do not have enough rep to respond . add calendar is for adding calendars to the app that are not in the my calendars list already . it will not let you add new calendars to google calendar . ( the above is true on my xt720 running eclair-2.1 . )
rooting your phone does not change what os it runs . it just means you have root access to the existing os . changing the os ( i.e. . flashing a custom-rom ) is a separate thing . see also the answers to what does &quot ; to root a phone&quot ; mean ? and i&#39 ; ve rooted my phone . now what ? what do i gain from rooting ?
one checkmark means that the message has been delivered to whatsapp servers , but has not been delivered to the recipient 's phone . you do not need to send it again , the message will be delivered to the recipient the next time his/her phone connects to the whatsapp servers , assuming you are not blocked . sending it again will not help , since it is already delivered to whatsapp servers .
ok , this is indeed a setting which is determined by the carrier . it can be changed ( at least on gsm networks , according to this tech recipes article ) , using an mmi code ( man-machine interface code ) . here 's the procedure that worked for me : on your android phone , go to your phone app , dial *#61# , and hit the call button . android should briefly display " mmi code started " . then , it should display your current voicemail number and the delay time . note down the voicemail number since you will need to enter this in next . next , go to your phone app and then the keypad . now dial this number from the keypad to change the time your phone will ring before it goes to voicemail : **61*1yyyYYYyyyy*11*xx# . . . and then hit the call button . in the above code , you will put your voicemail number where the yYs are and the time delay in seconds for the xxs . once you hit call , it will give confirmation as to whether it was successful or not . delay is in five second increments with the maximum being 30 seconds ( ie . 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 25 , 30 secs ) . so for example , if my voicemail number is 555-444-5555 and i want to set it to the maximum 30 seconds , i would dial this on my android phone 's keypad : **61*15554445555*11*30# apparently , this will work for at and t , t-mobile , and any other gsm / sim card carrier and may work on other phones besides android devices . personally i am in the uk and so my voicemail number starts +44 , so my mmi code to change the voicemail timeout was more like this : **61*+447890123123*11*20# it worked perfectly for me , and set the voicemail timeout to 20 seconds .
yes , firefox wastes too much space ( especially when showing open tabs ) , maybe they fix that someday . in the meantime , have you tried with chrome for android ? it has new gestures to switch between tabs : in chrome for android , you’ll be able to : swipe horizontally across the top toolbar to quickly switch tabs . drag vertically down from the toolbar to enter into the tab switcher view . drag down from the menu to open the menu and select the item you want without having to lift your finger .
according to this question on stack overflow iptables is available in android source distribution . users of retail android devices cannot access iptables binary . even android os itself cannot access that binary . this is hard-coded in android . many devices also do not have iptables at all . the only way to access iptables binary is to build your own android images . check out http://randomizedsort.blogspot.com/2010/08/building-android-and-linux-kernel-for.html . once you get comfortable with that process , check out http://randomizedsort.blogspot.com/2011/03/porting-iptables-1410-to-android.html . iptables is a default module in aosp , you can use netfilter to write c code to handle that . for example , you can create an android project , and write a jni file , use ndk-build to compile that , and then adb push the executable to the android file system to execute . and in the mobile end , you can adb shell to it , directly use iptables command as a root user , just like in linux . to check if your device supports iptables : issue the following command in adb shell or in terminal emulator : iptables -L -t nat  alternatively you could try the beta of ip tables app on google play to see if it does what you want . there is also droid wall that you could try . it supports scripts that may help , e.g. $IPTABLES -A "droidwall" --destination "192.168.0.1" -j RETURN 
it might be helpful : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2076327 theh file system could be ext4 - probably the most popular linux file system .
on yesterday 's cyanogenmod nightly , i performed the following steps : unmount the sd card in the ui erase the sd card in the ui ( this recreates the partition table itself and creates a new fat32 fs ) unmount the sd card again , if needed plug in the phone open a shell with adb shell su to root ( this has to be enabled in settings ) run make_ext4fs /dev/block/mmcblk1p1 to create the new ext4 fs mount the sd card in the ui ( you will have to unplug the phone to do this ) reopen the root shell and run chown media_rw:media_rw /mnt/media_rw/sdcard1 to give the folder the expected owner run chmod 775 /mnt/media_rw/sdcard1 to make the sdcard writable having done this , the card is mounted automatically by cyanogenmod , and it can be written to from file managers without root privileges . i also copied music and pictures to the filesystem , and after a reboot , they are indexed and shown in apollo and gallery . i have only been using it for less than a day , but it is been working like a better fat32 fs so far .
the answers to is there any way to erase personal information from my phone that has already been stolen ? might help you here . although your phone has not been stolen , the same solution seems like it would be appropriate to your case . if you have sensitive information on your device , and your company does not already have a way to remote-wipe it , then what you work for is an in -security company . you should figure out what to do about lost or stolen devices before it happens . right now , you are putting your customers at risk .
try this 1 . settings > tap home screen mode > select standard mode 2 . tap apply and reboot .
first , you need a " dyndns " account , so from outside , you can connect to your home network without knowing the ( daily changing ) public ip . then , you install ssh on the nas ( i guess you will use linux , e.g. ubuntu server lts ) . i would recommend forwarding another port to ssh , like 12345 , in order to stop at least basic , automated scans from finding your ssh server . as client , i would recommend es file explorer . connect to your nas by sftp . it is using strong encryption .
i have an siii on ics and when i add an event to the calendar i have a " privacy " option which allows me to choose default , private , or public , however i sync my calendar with google calendar and not with exchange .
there is no such thing as an " i747 t999" . the i747 is the model used by at and t . there is no relevant difference between the i747 and the i747m used by bell and telus , or the i747r used by rogers . they are identical as far as software or repairs are concerned . the t999 is a different model used by t-mobile , wind mobile , and possibly others . the only real difference is the supported frequency bands , though this means they are not intercompatible for roms . casings are identical , as are common parts like the camera or screen . i would presume that by " i747 t999" , they mean the part is compatible with both the i747 model and the t999 model , which it should be , as the physical form of them is identical .
solved ( at least layar is not being showed as installed anymore ) . on this site i found that i could also remove the /data/app/com.layar.apk file . i did it and now i have +8mb of free space on my galaxy .
the blue dot is because of gps and not because of wifi . gps does not require internet connectivity to work when it locks onto your position . how does it know to update ? when you go off course then the app will try and update your route with a new route ( which needs internet ) .
what do you want to do with linux commands ? . you can check for devices in the i2c bus and you will get to see the debug messages . if you want to test something specifically please mention it .
try going to /data/media , it should be the same folder as /sdcard . i think the files you are trying to delete might be virtual , i had this exact problem while trying to clean up in /sdcard/Android/data until i realized that i could also find them at the path specified .
make a backup of your data first . every folder and file in the /sdcard/data directory is 0 bytes . this looks like a corrupted filesystem or a defective sdcard ( see correction ) . especially , folders have a usual minimum size of 4.0k . i would suggest you to back up your data first , then check for errors : does " dmesg " show filesystem errors on mmcblk0 or similar ? if so try to backup , reformat sdcard ( see correction ) and restore or replace the faulty sdcard . ( edit ) correction : the galaxy nexus has no sdcard but a unified ext4 filesystem for /data that also includes /sdcard ( which is symlinked to /data/media ) . you might solve the problem with a wipe . but that will also delete all of your /sdcard content too . you might have luck entering recovery and adb'ing into it to fsck . ext4 your /data partition , i am however not sure if your rom supports this command <code> # boot to recovery first ! adb shell cat /proc/partitions # look for the biggest one and replace the ? ? accordingly fsck . ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk ? ? ? </code> here 's an external report about a similar issue : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1541379
you need to get this information from your university . ask the it department to walk you through it or just give you the necessary information . from what you have said : email accounts are provided by microsoft . seems to me they are using exchange in a windows domain ( i could be wrong ) . therefore , you will need a server link , domain name , username , and password . also , on a separate note , you should do some research on how email works and email protocols ( pop3 , imap , smtp , exchange , gmail , and so on ) . here 's a helpful link : email protocols : pop , imap and mapi
you can download an app like quickpic that is a local gallery viewer and delete only local copies that way . it is probably the easiest way . i have no idea why google photos has no options to delete only the local copy , forgetting such an essential feature is such a google thing to do .
when using the photos app it will do that for you . if you use the gallery app it will only manipulate the local images , therefore deleting the local ones . the gallery app comes with nexus 4 .
https://support.google.com/hangouts/answer/3118600?hl=en this does not work ? i have not tried it , because i do not have hangouts on my phone . edit 1 sign out of hangouts tip : if you don’t want to receive notifications , enable snooze notifications . touch menu > ​ settings > touch your google account > scroll to the bottom and touch sign out .
this is a common problem with android and ubuntu . i got around this by using adb to transfer the data . turn adb on in your phones settings and make sure you have downloaded the adb package on your computer ( http://www.webupd8.org/2012/08/install-adb-and-fastboot-android-tools.html ) . then run in terminal : adb devices  to check that your device is recognized . once you have done that you can transfer files using : adb pull /sdcard/place_on_phone ~/place_on_computer  and adb push ~/place_on_computer /sdcard/place_on_phone  this is a bit of a self plug but i did make a small shell script that does this automatically at : http://opensynx.codeplex.com/wikipage?title=linux
i do not own a galaxy tab but some tablets have a hard reset button similar to windows power reset button . it is generally a small hole and you can use a pin to reboot the device by pressing the pin in the hole for few seconds . basically what it does is it reboots the tablet . you do not require to wait for the battery drain .
you most probably see this , right : this is the galaxy tab 's ' download mode ' to install new firmware as a last resort via samsung 's odin or to side-load aftermarket firmware . you can wait for the battery to drain by itself without taking further action .
your device is in download mode . i do not have that device , but if the battery does not come out , you will probably need to use adb and send an adb reboot to get it out of download mode . if you do not know how to use adb , then you can just let the battery die . i do not like that option though because the same image will be on the screen for an extended period of time . does the screen look like this : to use adb : download the usb drivers from samsung download the android sdk connect the device to your computer via usb cable open a command prompt where the android sdk was installed and change to the platform-tools directory . for example , my sdk is installed at c:\android-sdk so i run the following : c:\android-sdk> cd platform-tools then try to reboot with adb : C:\android-sdk\platform-tools\&gt; adb reboot  if that does not work try the following command : C:\android-sdk\platform-tools\&gt; fastboot reboot 
the sim card is not capable of managing complex records . due to its limited storage , it only holds one phone number per contact , and also misses other details . so when your " old phone " allowed for multiple phone numbers with one contact while storing the data on sim , it must somehow have used multiple contacts , and displayed them in a kind of " merge view " ( had it used some own format to achieve this , your sim contacts would have become incompatible with other devices , so that approach is unlikely ) . while that would be doable on android as well , it is not a standard for good reasons : how to tell which contacts to merge ? by their name ? there might be multiple " john smith " entries , not necessarily pointing to the very same person . as long as there is no standard defined , implementations might differ and thus leading to different results – which is the most likely reason it is not done at all .
from what you said in the comments above , there is a way to change the text colour and the icon colours along with the colour / transparency of the status bar . it requires a rooted phone unfortunately but once rooted download wanam xposed from the play store here is a link wanam xposed work 's on samsung android 4.2+ so you should not have any issues once this is installed it will ask you to install the xposed framework , do not be alarmed it is required and will not harm your phone . once the framework is installed you will be prompted to enable wanam xposed from the new xposed installer , if not you can simply click on xposed installer , click modules and wanam xposed should appear and check the checkbox . now go on wanam xposed , note everytime you make a change it will only appear after a reboot ! you can now go on theme and click either background color ( or colour as it should be : ) ) and this will enable you to select a colour for the status bar , or you can click on the following circle battery color stock battery text color signal icons color clock and date color status bar icons color ( remaining icons ) each of these will change the icons instead of the status bar background colour hope this helps !
most likely it is a difference in the trrs layout of the headset . for example , i have two " similar " headsets , one that came with samsung galaxy s and another that came with samsung galaxy tab 10.1 . even though they look similar to the naked eye , if i use the galaxy s one with my tab , i only get mono sound due to a minor difference in the trrs layout . sometimes i can remedy this by pulling the jack a little out of the plug , but it is very tricky to keep it in the correct position . anyway , you should test the jack with different headsets to verify that there is no physical damage to the jack .
you can do this without root permissions as its built into android ics . just go to : settings -> backup and reset then when you setup the tablet you can restore all the wi-fi data from your phone when you sync from the same google account .
as you are rooted : wireless network data are stored in data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf -- so you could basically copy all its network entries from one device and insert them on the other . the entries look like network={ ssid="Telekom" key_mgmt=NONE priority=42 }  an easier way would be using the app wlan backup and recovery ( root ) : backup all entries on one device , and restore them on the other . as you can see in below screenshot , the tool can even send the backup by mail -- so transfer to the other device should be easy : but reading the comments on this app suggests it does not always work as expected : users even recommend to use the manual way i described above . another option is using titanium backup , and restore the wifi data on the other device . i did that successfully a couple of times , also cross-device and cross-rom . third option is offered by the app wifi passwords ( about usd 1 ) , which allows you to share networks .
first are you talking about storing the music on your android device or on the google servers ? if you are planning on streaming music to your device from the google music play servers then you can not store your music in a lossless format see this page about formats on google play music , and notice this line : flac , ogg , and aac files are transcoded to 320kbps mp3 however , if you want to store the music locally on your device then your question makes more sense . there are a few ways to put alac music on your android device in flac keep your library in alac and convert songs to flac as you want them . then move the new flac files to your device . a program like max should be able to handle the conversion for you . convert all of your alac files to flac in place and then use fluke to enable flac playback support in itunes . what option you select depends on how much you like to keep your os free of plugins like fluke and how ofter you are moving music to and from your device .
as has been established in other answers , google 's play music program does not support files in alac . however , the m4a extension is used by several supported formats so play music will attempt to add these files to its library . unfortunately , when play music actually tries to play these files , it causes errors . one solution ( mentioned above ) is to re-encode the files into a supported format . if you want to keep alac files on your device for use by other players , you will need to prevent google play from seeing your alac/m4a files . after considerable research ( and a fruitless exchange with google support ) , i discovered that play music will respect " . nomedia " files . when a . nomedia file is placed in a folder , the media scanner will ignore ( recursively ) that folder . while there are several techniques for putting . nomedia files in place ( e . g . this list ) , studiokuma 's . nomedia manager is by far the easiest . warning : while this approach is able to hide the alac files from play music , it may hide your alac files from the player you want to use . in my case , rocket music player provides the option ( 1 ) to limit the library to specific music folders and ( 2 ) to ignore . nomedia files in those folders . this combination ( for me at least ) allowed me to keep and use my alac files without breaking play music ( which i use to access older mp3s synced to the cloud ) .
where do you got your music files ? if you rip them from a cd you can rip again to wav . i think both itunes and android player support it and wav is better than flac or alac , though is bigger size . if you insist keeping your current format , you can always try another player like flac player or golden ears for ipod/iphone/ipad , or poweramp for android . i personally use flac player in my ipod and poweramp in a sony nwz-z1060 ( android walkman ) . my current format for portable is flac and for desktop is wav . i am an audiophile , so i am very sensitive about file format . i still prefer flac for portable because the size difference between flac/alac and wav is very huge .
if you are literally sitting at the bootloader screen , the volume buttons will scroll between boot options and the power button will select . simply use the volume buttons until it has " start " selected and then press the power button to select it . this will boot your device normally . if for some reason it is stuck at the bootloader and will not accept input , removing the battery should be fine provided that you are not in the middle of executing a fastboot command of some kind . note that if you are getting a response of &lt;waiting for device&gt; from fastboot that it is not doing anything on the phone 's side . that means that it cannot communicate with the phone , and as such the bootloader itself is basically idle at that point . since you noted in a comment that you were concerned about the bootloader erasing things : the bootloader process in and of itself does not do this . the purpose of the bootloader is to allow you to boot into various different modes of the phone ( such as recovery and a normal boot ) . in the pc world a bootloader is often used to dual boot two different operating systems , with the bootloader menu being what allows a user to select which os they want . the only time that your data will be erased is when you execute the fastboot oem unlock or fastboot oem lock commands or if you explicitly erase a partition in some other way ( fastboot erase , for example ) . simply booting into your bootloader does not affect your data in any way .
from my own experiences , they do not allow this . when i am in the us with my australian google play account [ and australian credit card ] , i am unable to make any purchases from the play store . the reason being the us play store refuses my card details due to it is australian address . this may vary from region to region . but generally for the us and uk [ not only google play ] , they enforce regional restrictions in a more strict manner due to licensing restrictions of the multimedia content , ie : music and movies .
as far as i know google does not allow the use of international cards ( at the moment ) . i also heard from some other people ( and t0mm13b acknowledges it too apparently ) that the play store looks at your current sim card to know your home country . so maybe if you could get your hands on a german sim card ( maybe an old one that does not really work anymore ) , you can still pay for applications . or you can have a look for some cheap credit card in the uk .
try this : go to the account for the exchange server and change " email check frequency " to " never " . check the box to " sync calendar " .
i hope someone comes up with a different solution : as far as i can tell , the solution presented in the answer by al everett , does not work . my work around : i have created a folder called ' inbox server ' on the exchange and set up a filter to move all incoming mails from inbox to ' inbox server ' . since the sync only syncs the inbox folder by default , effectively , no exchange emails are synced now . but if anyone else has another solution or comments , please let them know . i will be glad to read them .
/cache partition is mostly for saving the downloads from google play store , found in /cache/downloads . it also can hold the recovery log found in /cache/recovery called last_log as well ( this holds any errors and/or diagnostics from the recovery binary a lá cwm or stock , which will get logged in the file to aid debugging and development of the recovery binary ) . there is also another directory in there called lost+found which holds any recovered files ( if any ) as a result of file-system corruption , such as incorrectly removing the sdcard without un-mounting it . so really , there is no loss of data from clearing it . in fact , upon android boot-up , the script will clear out the /cache/downloads to make way for any new downloads/updates from google play store .
to give a closer overview on filesystems used on android devices , here 's a short table with a selection of the more important ones : [ 1 ] on older systems , entire /data is just a single partition/file system [ 2 ] on newer devices , /data can be further segemented you will not find all these file systems on all devices -- but if you find some of them , this list should give you a raw idea .
i am also using the same device . also upgraded to jelly bean . well , to your above queries , just remember that higher ram usage in jelly bean is actually supposed to " utilize " the device properly . logically , we buy device with high ram for what ? so that we get faster performance . but there is always tradeoff between performance and features . jelly bean offers more features but takes more ram . regarding rooting the phone . it is always a grey area . while rooting voids device warranty , it also enables user to control almost every aspect of the device . but do it if you are willing to invest time understanding the intricacies of rooting . cheers !
the least tricky way is : take your 2gb card out of the device , put it into a card reader , and attach that to your computer copy all contents from the card to an empty directory on your computer safely remove the card reader , replace the 2gb card by the newer , bigger one , and attach that to the computer copy the contents of the directory from step 2 . to the new card safely remove that card again , and place it into your android device when in doubt about the hidden stuff , use linux for the copy process . you can even boot it from a livecd . from a terminal command , use cp -R /path/to/source/* /path/to/target . on the other hand , if using windows and you can see the files/directories starting with a dot ( watch out e.g. for the .android_secure directory ) , they should be copied along fine . see also : how do i switch my android device 's sd card without causing problems ? changing sd card just a simple copy and paste app2sd - changing the sd card how to upgrade / swap sd card without losing data and installed apps ?
vlc works perfectly for me : ) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.codejugglers.android.vlchdhl=en did you tried this link ? it uses moboplayer and es file explorer . http://apcmag.com/how-to-stream-video-to-an-android-device.htm davy
let me see if i understand you : [Router] &lt;--Wifi--&gt; [Phone] &lt;--USB tether --&gt; [PC]  if this is your setup , then what is happening is the phone is acting like a router . it has multiple ways to connect to the internet ( 3g and wifi ) and it does not simply bridge the connection for the pc . instead it does the same thing that your router does , which is nat , or network address translation . basically , you have two networks : the network that is connected to the router , and the network that is connected to the phone 's usb port ( which has only one machine on it ) . there is probably no easy way to port-forward from your router to your pc in this configuration . the phone is its own computer ; it is not a wifi-adapter , even though your pc sees it as just a network device .
if you go to setting\apps\chrome and scroll down to " launch by default " and hit " clear defaults " it will stop automatically opening in chrome and will ask you which app to open it with when you hit " yes/maybe/no " . however , if you try to open with calendar it still goes to the browser with the same issue . one workaround i have found - there is an app called invitation plugin . it allows you to open the invite . ics from gmail and view the event directly in calendar . it is a work around for a problem that did not exist in ice cream sandwich but now does exist in jelly bean and really should not exist at all but at least it is a simple and effective work around .
there is very little you can do ! the calendar application is wired up to trigger a open intent to the web browser to accept the invites , its written up in the package 's manifest . source : packages/apps/Calendar/src/com/android/calendar/GoogleCalendarUriIntentFilter.java
i would suggest switching to an alternative mail app -- k-9 mail probably is a good choice . i use it for about 2 years now with a mail server having an " untrusted " ( self-signed ) certificate , and never experienced what you describe -- so this should solve your issue .
i am running cm 6.1 as well and i have a bug in my market that if you have , may solve your problem . my app updates get stuck sometimes and i have noticed if i cancel . an update the app no longer shows up as needs to be updated , or even installed , although it stays in my dl list . you could try starting the update then cancelling mid download . for me these apps in limbo do not give the update notification .
i do not think there is a way to disable market update notifications for a single app right now . in order to disable update notifications for all apps in the market , open the market app , press the menu button , choose settings . in the notification drop down , select do not notify me .
here is a partial solution ( it does not copy widgets ) . you must save the adw settings as a backup in the free version , then restore them in the paid version . open adw launcher context menu > adwsettings > system > backup and restore > backup open adw launcher ex context menu > adwsettings > system > backup and restore > restore > ( choose the backup time stamp you just created ) context menu > adwsettings > system > restart adw now you will have to re-create your widgets .
actually your algorithm is right except one thing - you can not restore widgets if you are using android ics or older . this is limitation of os . from this post : note 2: if you unfortunately have an android device running anything prior to android 4.1 , the widgets will not be restored . and also from play store : -appwidget backup/restore ( only for android 4.1 and newer )
i do not know what version of android you are using , but here 's what you can try - go to settings > wireless and networking > wi-fi settings . in this screen , press the menu button and then advanced . click wifi sleep policy and set it to never . this helps in retaining the wifi connection . if you have a weak wifi signal to begin with , then the best tip is to move your device closer to the wifi access point to increase signal strength .
wifi connections work by talking to a local wireless access point so , basically , you need to be within reach of one . public access points can be found in pubs , coffee shops and the like . you may also have one at home .
i have a leedroid rom on my desire , and it has sense and a2sd+ . there are many roms with sense . . .
i also have the safe device and had faced the same problem . i have two wonderful solutions : 1 ) use link2sd . this app moves your app 's apk , lib and dex file to second partition of you sd card . it will leave only the data files in the internal memory . so you can install nearly five times the more apps . i have a blog post if you want to try it out . 2 ) use sueprnova rom . this rom is the stock rom with data2sd support . so you can even use 2gb of sd space as internal memory . both of this solution requires you to have a better class of sd card .
the serendipity rom only contains camera . apk and camerafirmware . apk . i would think that the version you are trying to copy over is being renamed by the system on reboot and the original camera . apk is being restored . what i would try : get the non-cwm version of the camera . apk and put it on your sd card on your phone , use root explorer or similar to mount /system/app/ as rw rename /system/app/Camera.apk to camera . bak or something copy in the new apk from the sd card remount /system/app/ as ro , you may want to make sure /system/ is ro as well try to use the camera . if it works , reboot and see if it still works .
i believe that google can and will update their system apps like gmail , market , search and youtube ( i think that is still system app ) . there have been plenty times that the market updates itself , without any interaction from the user . i have not seen them actually update anything automatically , except the market , but if you have a " with google " phone , i am sure there is some blurb somewhere that says they may update the applications without you knowing , or something .
to gain that possibility , you would need to mount the remote ( pc ) drive on your android device . this could e.g. be done using cifsmanager or mount manager . the latter even offers a tasker plugin , which would fit your wanted feature of being able to handle things directly from tasker . and if you have trouble with it , you will find its author/dev here at ase , i would say from the name : )
glad your problem is resolved . you can also try an app like airdroid or es file explorer which will allow you to transfer files using wifi .
i faced the same problem , but i launched filezilla from terminal using sudo: sudo filezilla  it works fine .
digging into the packagemanagerservice class on grepcode ( warning : this class file is huge , your browser may chug a fair bit when rendering it ) , the optimizing message is displayed in the following context : here the value of com.android.internal.R.string.android_upgrading_apk is the string " optimizing application " . in layman 's terms , it loops through each application on the device , updates the message on the screen by calling showBootMessage() and then calls performDexOptLI() on the application . so naturally , the next question is " what does performDexOptLI() do ? " well here 's what that looks like : so this invokes the dexopt utility on all of the applications that need it . it is difficult to find any simple documentation regarding dexopt , but there is a high-level overview here . suffice it to say , it is being used by the just in time ( jit ) compiler to create optimized . dex files that help improve the performance of the apps on your device and it outputs them into the vm cache . the reason it stores the . dex files in the cache is because otherwise it would have to re-extract them any time you want to run the app ( the . apk is just an archive , it is not an executable file ! ) . thus , it makes sense to just keep them in the /data/dalivk-cache directory to reuse them , and dexopt performs some optimizations during the initial extraction while it is at it . tl ; dr ( or non-programmer summary , i guess ) : it is rebuilding the dalvik cache .
es datei explorer is more than just a simple file explorer . it offers a bunch of additional features , which explain most of the permissions you have listed . i am using this app for years already and can assure you : it never abused any of the permissions ( especially i never saw it making " phone calls " , and yes , i supervise such things ) . but for the things you list : storage : what do you thing where your files are , um , stored ? all file managers access the " storage " . otherwise they could not write there , so you could not copy/move files . phone calls : this is a permission group , not the permission COST_CALL itself . the only permission from that group which es file accesses is read phone status and identity . so it can detect whether there is an incoming/outgoing/ongoing call ( and see the remote number ) , as well as check your device 's id ( imsi ) . not sure what for the app needs this , though . network communication : this app can also access the network ( feature list : remote file manager ) . so you can e.g. use it to copy files from/to your computer , e.g. using windows shares ( also known as samba , smb , cifs ) . a feature i really enjoy quite often . so nothing bad about this ! system tools : again a permission group . here the app requests : modify system settings , connect and disconnect from wi-fi , set wallpaper , install shortcuts , uninstall shortcuts , access bluetooth settings , prevent phone from sleeping . all mentioned permissions are explainable from the app 's feature list , though the " modify system settings* is a little unclear . hardware controls : once more a permission group . only used permission here is control vibration . so no danger from that , either . so the point is to look behind those " permission groups " what permissions are really requested by an app , and cross-check that with its features . if something 's unclear : ask , as you did : ) " better save than sorry " is a good attitude ! if you are still concerned , and rather want a more minimalistic solution ( as you do not need all those features ) , there are plenty alternatives . but i personally can warmly recommend you this app , from my own experience : it is easy to use , and never let me down in years . no " permission abuse " either .
you do not mention which android version is running on your device . with &lt ; 4.0 , chances are close to zero : without root access , you cannot access those places . with 4.0 and up , you theoretically would have the possibility to use adb backup ( see e.g. our backup tag-wiki ) . thing is , you have to approve that from your device by tapping " ok " on the authentication popup – which is not possible with a broken screen . tl ; dr : it is not possible .
i had bad luck with any " cheap " cards that i ever bought . they usually end up being " off brands " , and some of the slowest performing . the cheap ones usually do not even mention the class rating , which means they are probably a class 2 , or worse . i never had them fail in the short time you seen , but they did fail , and after 2 cheap cards failed on me in my android device , i spent the extra couple bucks and went with a " name brand " class 6 ( i could not even find a class 10 when i bought it ) . i have had this card for almost 3 years now , it has moved between 3 different android devices in that time , and has seen its share of custom android roms flashed to the host device . not to mention it even had a time , before froyo , it was partitioned to with 1gb ext4 partition to act as an " extension " of the devices internal storage , and even swap at one point on my adp1 . i have had zero problems with it .
turns out you can forward all traffic over the network by entering 0.0.0.0/0 you can then check by doing a google search for your ip and it should now be the public ip of your vpn 's gateway
i wrote an app that might be able to help you - free busy silent mode . you can use the location feature in your office , and it shall auto silent/vibrate your phone when you are inside the radius
this is not built-in functionality , but it is something you could achieve with a trigger/event app such as tasker . this kind of app runs in the background , and lets you configure certain actions to take ( such as turning off the ringer ) when certain events occur ( such as seeing a particular wi-fi network ) . tasker 's not the only such app , but it is very complete and has some users who contribute to this site , which means that if you have questions setting it up you can probably get them answered here . see tasker .
i personally recommend automateit . not only can it achieve what you are wishing for , but it can also save you some battery life too . the app lets you scan surrounding cell towers in order to determine location . so in this manner you can silence your phone as soon as it connects to a nearby cell tower at your workplace . this way you save some juice by not having to keep your wifi on to determine location . give it a try , and if you love it enough , upgrade to the pro version to make fancier rules that can better suit your needs .
the llama - location profiles application should help too . this application uses phone masts around you to determine your location and switch profiles . llama uses phone masts to determine your location , so that you can change your ringer , vibrate and ringtones depending on where you are as well as the time of day . llama provides you with sound profiles so you can quickly switch between quiet , loud , silent and normal sound settings . you can set your family , wife and children to ring even if your phone is set to silent ! you can create events and home screen shortcuts to manage your sound profiles and more : -silence your phone at work -turn your bluetooth on ready to connect your headset for a morning run -set your phone quiet when it is late at night and you have not gone out -start the music player when a headset is connected
it is possible that the usb cable is designed for charging only ( i.e. . not a data cable ) , or is of poor quality . off-topic : although not a usb cable , i have encountered otg cables that could not detect a usb drive . in this case , it was a poor ( or defective ) otg cable ; other cables were able to detect the usb drive . related posts ( external ) : all micro usb cables are not created equal ?
powering off and back on restored the 3x3 picture size . . . makes no sense , but it worked .
the skype application description in the market lists the list of devices that supports video calling . as of skype 2.5.0.108 , video calling is supported on these tablets : samsung galaxy tab 7 ( wifi , verizon , sprint , plus ) htc flyer samsung galaxy tab 10.1 ( t-mobile ) acer iconia tablet ( a500 ) motorola xoom acer iconia smart devices that are not listed may still be able to do video calling , but skype says that the video quality may not be as good as on supported devices . check out skype 's application description page for the latest list of supported devices .
turns out the answer to this problem was quite simple , in order to disable google play store ( 1 ) first , you must have version 4.8.2 installed ( just replace it in /system/app with the new com . android . vending . apk ) download a root service from the store called " disable service " ( again make sure root is installed and the app is given root permission ) now , in the disable service app , navigate to the system app tab and find google play store . tap on it and you will get a list of services scroll to the bottom and uncheck " check wifi and update " service . you will see a " please wait " notification , and at the bottom busybox should appear , notifying you that the app was given root access exit the app and voila ! google play store will never update itself or google play services ever again ( unless you install a new version , in which case you would need to repeat the process )
deleting the MarketUpdater.apk disintegrates google services from the phone .
in the system folder there should be marketupdater . apk . if you delete that file , play store will not update itself anymore . nothing else should be affected though .
you can stop apps being auto updating in the following way . go to google play store app . click the menu button and click settings select Auto-update apps under general choose Do-not auto update apps
first , you must have version 4.8.2 installed ( just replace it in /system/app with the new com . android . vending . apk ) instructions ( found https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ji6ynspaz8 ) : root , install supersu install busybox , then terminal emulator stop whatever internet access on your android , or it will silently auto-update store , making your hard typing work useless open settings -> app manager and find play store . tap on it . it will open properties window . there will be button uninstall updates . tap on it , click yes on " replace with factory version ? " question . because there is no internet connection , this is the moment the play store could not be updated . let 's use it . open terminal emulator and type commands one by one ( numbers are just for order , do not type them ) : su ( at this time supersu app will ask you for granting root access for terminal emulator app , click grant access ) touch /data/app/com.android.vending-1.apk chattr +i /data/app/com.android.vending-1.apk enjoy ! regardless of internet connection , play store is now has version you need , not google . this might work for play store 4.8 and up , but i did not test it .
according to a post on so , cat /proc/net/tcp will return it in the second column , with the heading " local_address " , e.g. " cf00a8c0:0203" . the part after ":" is a port number . from the rest use the last two ( c0 ) as a hex number , e.g. c0 is 192 , which is the start of the address in this example . further : the ip address is displayed as a little-endian four-byte hexadecimal number ; that is , the least significant byte is listed first , so you will need to reverse the order of the bytes to convert it to an ip address . the port number is a simple two-byte hexadecimal number .
try the app purchased apps . you can now browse and install your previous application purchases . it shows only applications that you purchased , you do not have to dig through hundreds of free apps anymore .
https://play.google.com/apps should show all the apps you have purchased under my apps . you had probably have to work out which one of those apps is the one you are thinking about though
i think what you want is the my orders page . this is reachable from the play store web site by under the " gear " menu in the upper right . i see all of the things i have purchased from google play , including apps , music , etc . for what it is worth , there does not appear to be a way to get a list of your orders from within the play store app . however , i do see a list of transactions in my google wallet app , although admittedly they are not all necessarily from the play store .
your google wallet shows all the transactions you made within google’s websites . since it’s your bank statement that shows a payment to google , it could be a range of things you paid for . visit wallet . google . com and in the transactions tab you will find all the purchases with name , date and value . when you click the transaction it shows you what you purchased , and even the credit card you used .
while the permission might make sense , the explanation does not at all . to my knowledge , READ_PHONE_STATE has nothing at all to do with a firewall or networking . it is a read permission ( so what could that have to do with passing a firewall ? ) , giving access to your imei/imsi and phone number lets the app figure out whether a call is in progress if a call is in progress , gives access to the phone number of the remote device i bet the app has the INTERNET permission as well ( confirmed as per google play link you provided ) . the app is free of charge . minimum android version is 2.0 , so READ_PHONE_STATE was not forced on it ( it is enforced for android versions up to 1.6 ) . so i rather assume it carries some ad module which requires this permission : the combination of INTERNET and READ_PHONE_STATE is very common to those ( it needs to obtain the ad information , and most likely uses your imei to identify you -- in a positive sense , to see what ads have already been shown ; but of course it could as well be used otherwise ) . if you have already installed that app , you can verify this using e.g. lookout ad network detector or trustgo ad detector . you could also check with addons detector to see if it carries any other module piggie-back ( e . g . for analytics , which again would explain READ_PHONE_STATE to identify your device ) . second thought : why would that app need to get through the phone 's firewall ( if there were any ) ? is not it supposed to do connections to the outside ? if that would require anything else but the INTERNET permission , what should the INTERNET permission stand for ?
i actually think your best bet would be to develop the app yourself . i know that you consider it a last resort but you will get exactly the app you want , you can get the app to talk to a web service that writes the data away to a database . do not forget security , https between the android devices and t
power on you can simply enable wake-on-lan on your computer through bios setup , then use any of the several wol apps to send the power-on command over the network . some apps like syncme also include wol functionality , so a separate wol app may not be needed . shutdown on windows in general it will involve some server utility installed on the computer , and the client-side android app communicating with it , for example oneid . these apps usually include other features , which may be overkill . you could use ssh and call the shutdown.exe utility , but it may be overkill too . besides , these solutions may not shut down windows " properly " . for example , neither oneid nor shutdown.exe were able to trigger my " backup on logoff " routine . http shutdown for these reasons i end up writing my own small solution . http shutdown is a small web server which is going to shut down the computer when a specific http get request is received . that means you can turn off your computer from android device by simply tapping a tasker or web shortcut on home screen . windows is going to shut down " properly " , meaning your logoff scripts configured in group policy will get executed normally . it requires python and the pywin32 library . then you can run the server on computer startup like this for example : python http-shutdown.py 192.168.0.1 80 valid_password.txt . then , on android device you access the web address http://192.168.0.1/shutdown?auth=&lt;password&gt; . server will respond in plain text with started if the shutdown has been started , denied if the password does not match the file contents , or something else otherwise .
if your host supports wakeup on lan you can use some of these apps .
if your network card can use wake-on-lan and/or is supported , and is remotely accessible , then yes , it is quite possible to achieve it ( wake-on-lan apps are in abundance on the play store ) , taking into account of security considerations which is outside of the scope of this site , double check and make sure no other service is on that public facing pc otherwise bad guys will get in and wreak havoc .
power on wol enabled bios : in order to power up the remote host , you first have to enable wol in his bios . the way you have to do this will vary from motherboard to motherboard , sou you will have to figure it out by your self , or ask google for some help . remote host cable connected to router application capable of sending magic packets to remote . host 's macadress at the moment i am using woldroid wol wake on lan on remote . host execute : ifconfig  detect your remote . host 's ehternet board usualy eth0 and save the hw adress value xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx enter that number when woldroid asks you for a mac adress . and your done . now you are able to powerup remotely power off 1 . prepare the remote host : remote host with ubuntu 12.04 create your private and public key files to follow these steps you will have to access your remote host , physically , or using another computer . i will describe this as if you have physical access to the remote . host open a command window and install the ssh protocol : sudo apt-get install ssh  create public and private keys using ssh-key-gen ssh-keygen  you should save the generated key in : /home/yourusername/.ssh/id_rsa  press enter twice to leave the passphrase empty . now copy the id_rsa . pub to your ~/ . ssh/authorized_keys file with this command : ssh-copy-id -i ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub remote.host  now you have to be able to execute the sudo shutdown -p 0 with no password . modify /etc/sudoers on remote . host with visudo that way user " yourusername " can execute the shutdown command with no password asked . run : sudo visudo  by running visudo , it leads to edit /etc/sudoers . add the line below to that file . yourusername ALL = NOPASSWD: /sbin/shutdown  now we are able to access remotely , and shutdown without passwords asked . 2 . prepare your android connect your android to the remote host and with your file explorer copy the id_rsa file located in ~/ . ssh/ folder to the android 's sd card . disconnect your android from the remote host install a ssh client program . ( ex . connectbot ) open connect bot and go to manage pubkeys > import and select the key you copied later . go back to connect bot 's main scren and select the ssh protocol from the list and enter loginname@remote.host . notice that it creates a line in the main screen with the data you input . push it for a couple of seconds and select edit host . select Use pubkey authentication and select id_rsa on Post-login automation write sudo shutdown -P 0 go back to you the main screen of connect bot and we are done ! now you can turn on and shutdown a remote . host : )
i have similar issues with some headphones on my galaxy nexus , though it is only intermittent . while i do not have an actual solution , i have found that turning bluetooth off and on again while the headphones are on is much quicker than navigating all those submenus , and does cause the headphones to reconnect .
this problem was fixed when i flashed custom roms . it came with its own can of worms . . but still . .
this module for xposed framework should do the trick if your device is rooted . install xposed installer . run xposed installer and use it to install xposed framework . it is a two-tap operation followed by a reboot . find the app settings module in xposed installer , install and enable it . reboot device . click the module in xposed installer to show its gui . you will be presented with available features , including changing app locale .
if its dropping your data connection , why have not you uninstalled it already ? seriously , there are things you can do with stock applications to improve your battery life , like turning off wifi , gps , data connection manually , all of which can be down easily with the power control widget . also , i noticed that there is a beta version of the app that is noted as being frequently unstable . is this the version you are using ? if so , buyer beware .
every program under ' settings ' - ' applications ' , ' manage applications ' has , when clicked a ' clear data ' button . this should do what you want . as far as i know , you will have to be rooted to have a program does this for you .
backup your apps using astro file manager or mybackuppro or titanium backup . then perform a factory reset to wipe everything . finally , from the backups , restore the apps , but not the data . ( most backup apps allow you to do this . ) be warned that some apps store data on the storage card , so a fresh install might still pick up the old data off your sd card . be sure to erase your sd card too .
if you have wifi access in your place and the tablet is rooted , you can try adbwireless to see if adb runs well in your tablet . if it works then the problem may be your broken usb cable or usb connector .
are you in the groups permission to access this , on mine ( arch 64bit ) its and my user id is under the group called ' androiddev ' to add your user id to the group , sudo usermod user_id -G androiddev -a
that depends on your android version and device , but based on what you said it seems like you should be able to . you can try volume in settings , or you can download volume control and control various different volume levels and settings . several attempts to get this are posted here , but it does not seem like some devices have it .
i have found that cyanogenmod has something like this , but i did not really want to install that just for easier volume controls . i found that there is an xposed module called gravitybox that includes this . it included a lot of other stuff that i did not care about too , but thankfully someone extracted this specific feature and repackaged it as expandablevolume . i installed that , and it works great now ! ! example 1 example 2
i like slider widget - volumes . a small widget that gives control of the screen brightness and the sound volume directly from your home screen . you can easily manage those with the widget 's slider or your hardware buttons . with a double click , you can also use the buttons to toggle . slider widget shows 6 categories ( e . g brightness or ring volume ) , which you can choose from 7 categories ( more below ) . you can also change the order of the categories displayed in slider widget .
summarized answer : the main issue your facing is that you are using smartassv2/ondemandx that was developed for stock kernels . but you are using it with a non stock kernel , the cyanogenmod 7.2 . see bellow a summary for each of them . useful reading : a beginner’s guide to android kernels smartassv2/ondemandx governors stock kernel is the factory firmware . if you are using smartassv2/ondemandx governors , they are modules for phones with stock kernels because they do not have ' smartass ' or ondemandx ' governors : xda developers forum :: smartassv2/ondemandx governors for rooted/stock rom | 2012-02-24 last updated : by andyx ; 16th may 2012 at 07:47 am . this modules are for people with stock kernels because they do not have ' smartass ' or ondemandx ' governors . differences between this modules and build in stock kernels : allows to set max cpu freq when screen is off ( to save battery ) , allows to set starting cpu freq when phone awakes ( to speed up awake process ) , allows set/change almost all aspects of governor ( to suite needs ) , should be a bit more responsive when parameters are well chosen for smartassv2 governor . cyanogenmod 7.2.0-rc1 the current cyanogenmod 7.2.0-rc1 u8160 port status is stable , but there are some known issues reported . already fixed reboot related issues : v0.9 ( 20120203 ) : hotfix 4test5 [ 21 feb ] : revert longterm patches due to random reboot issue . v0.7 - 22 january 2012: kernel stability fix ( disabled sched_hrtick due to instability/random reboot issue ) . note : check your version . the latest is v1.3 released at 2012-06-25 . use the link bellow to get detailed information about the development and what users are reporting . if you have got a version above v0.9 , consider reporting your issue , thus allowing the developer to deal with it . if your version is not the latest , consider changing to it . xda developers forum :: huawei u8160/u8180 cyanogenmod 7.2.0-rc1 u8160 port latest release : v1.3 last updated : by psyke83 ; 25th june 2012 at 01:57 pm . thread responses : 3830
all you really need to to is enable usb debugging in the device settings and plug in the device . as long as you have eclipse , adt plugin and the android sdk installed , which you do if you have been using emulators , you should be good to go . eclipse will automatically use the device when it is plugged in and no emulators are running , unless you have told it not to . if you are using windows , you may have to install the device vendor 's usb drivers ; if so , windows should prompt you about this when you plug in a device with usb debugging enabled . the android training class building your first app will walk you through all of these steps with a sample application .
according to steve kondik , this is essentially old code that is leftover from older versions of cyanogenmod : this was only here for apps that were statically linked against uclibc in old cm versions . it can likely just be removed . however , he also goes on to note : also , this file is not written when connecting to a network as /system is readonly . the actual dns servers are read from system properties . i also just verified that the dhcp supplied servers are actually being used , so this issue is invalid unless someone proves otherwise . so the values in /etc/resolv.conf actually do not reflect your dns settings . what you can do instead is use getprop to find your dns values . you can pare it down rather nicely if you grep the output like so : getprop | grep dns  also worth noting : the /etc/resolv.conf file appears to have been removed completely in later versions of cyanogenmod . i do not have one on cm10 at all , but getprop does correctly show my dns settings .
because this app chek your license , if you buy this app from play store it runs automatically otherwise if you try a free version of this application it shows application not installed . . .
if you have wiped everything you have probably wiped the system partition meaning there is nothing to boot up to . try following the steps here to install a factory image which will wipe your device and completely re-install everything . if this does not work then it is likely that there is a hardware issue , which due to you having the screen replaced is unlikely to be covered under warranty ( nor will google/lg take responsibility for it )
multiple triggers are supported on automateit pro : http://automateitapp.com/index.php/user-guide-2/composite-triggers-actions-pro-version-only/ as of version 3.0.54 ( released on feb 2013 ) , you can unlock pro features from within the free version . read here how to unlock features : http://automateitapp.com/new-release-rich-notification-unlock-pro-features-and-more/
this is definitely due incompatibilites between the ril and the baseband/modem firmware . the ril or the radio-interface layer are the libraries ( shared-objects ) that allow the phone to talk with the modem firmware . i found this issue on the cyanogemod jira : https://jira.cyanogenmod.org/browse/cyan-2172 if you read the comments , you will see that people have solved this issue by flashing a compatible firmware . since i am now running cyanogenmod 11 , i dug around xda and found a leaked 4.4 firmware for my device . it was packed in a cwm-flashable zip so i flashed it and voila . please remember to backup your device , your current modem/baseband and the ril files . flashing a new ril is not necessary always but helps .
its the data option you need to dial ##data# and touch edit then enter your 6 digit msl codeyou get from your carrier . then touch more then touch hdr/1x selection . from there you chose your preferred method it probably was on evdo only but check cdma or cdma lte if you get 4g . now you touch back button til you asked to recycle phone after that you should see signal bar once restarted . hope this helps .
this is usually because you have very low signal ( ie no bars ) but are still connected to the network . does it ever show any signal bars or is it just when you are in certain locations ? can you provide a screenshot of the status page ( go to settings > about > status ) which shows the signal strength ? this might help to see how much signal you have . edit : your signal strength values look way off . . . on my nexus 4 ( and all other android devices i have owned ) these values are more like -85dbm 14asu did you flash a new radio when you went to cyanogenmod ? i would suggest looking for the latest radio available for your device ( probably start on xda ) and see if that makes any difference .
try cleaning cache , e.g. using the all in one toolbox , then restart your phone .
blinkfeed—an aggregator of news and social network content [ . . . ] blinkfeed will always occupy the leftmost page of the home screen . the default blinkfeed home screen of htc sense 5 ( wikipedia : htc one ) to explain the second line : by default , there will only be two home screen panels out of the box : a " blinkfeed " page and a classic android home screen on the right . this explanation is taken from htc one software hands-on : sense 5 , blinkfeed , sense tv and new sync manager ( engadget ) , where blinkfeed is further described : this is simply a flipboard-like tile interface that sits permanently on the main home page . created in collaboration with mobiles republic , this tool pulls in content from various publications and social networks ( twitter , plurk , linkedin , flickr , zoe share and more ) , as well as your calendar and tv shows from the tv app ( more on that later ) . you will not be seeing emails here , as htc positions blinkfeed as a place for more ambient info rather than critical updates . regardless , the feed can be customized to suit your needs , though the first version will not let you add custom rss feeds just yet . read more in the linked articles themselves .
looks like this feature was disabled in the latest version of swype : http://forum.swype.com/archive/index.php/t-6439.html phargarten 06-22-2012 , 11:16 am hey swypers , we have changed the delete behavior a bit -- and while it took me a day to get used to it , i have to say it has sped up my swyping a bit . so here 's a couple changes we have made to the deletion behavior : pressing delete after swyping a word will delete the entire word . we find that swype is rarely off by a little . if we do not guess the word you want , you probably want to delete the whole word and swype again , rather than deleting a few characters . so delete after a swyped word will delete the entire word . for this reason , the long press " delete word back " function has been removed . remember , you can always press the swype key to highlight the word next to the cursor . swype another word to replace the highlighted text . cheers and happy swyping ! peter@swypesupport
if the problem is that it will not charge is because the usb port is broken . maybe through pocket lint or broken charger . anyway i advise trying wireless charging
i got it to work by going to the bluetooth settings screen , then holding down the bluetooth button on the back of my keyboard for about 5-10 seconds . after that , the keyboard showed up on the available devices and it allowed me to pair it with my tab 2 .
enable USB debugging from Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Development . install superoneclick on your pc . connect the phone to the pc via usb . run superoneclick and click Root .
quick answer : /storage/emulated/&lt;user_id_number&gt;  details : unless possibly exploring the file-system with root permissions , the primary user cannot copy the files around . it is easiest for the restricted user to use a file explorer or some wifi uploader , like airdroid , to upload the needed files from his or her account . i will experiment and report more later , but for now , use airdroid or similar from the restricted account to upload the needed files .
they are stored in /mnt/shell/emulated/  i have just created a restricted profile and it created a new folder in there with the name "10" , the main admin users folder is "0" . you should be able to copy the files into the relevant place within these folders to get mine craft to pick them up . ( this was done on the 2012 nexus 7 but i do not think it will be any different )
i had a similar problem with subway surfers . i finally found that profile data was under : /data/user/&lt;user_id_number&gt;  hope this helps .
is your usb debugging mode enabled ? go to Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Development , and check the " usb debugging " mode . this will help the adb detect your device . you may refer to the android developer documentation : using hardware devices for further information and details .
download pdanet for android . it was all i needed to connect my samsung galaxy y with windows 7 .
if she does not use gprs , then best is to disable mobile data usage but if you do not want to completely disable gprs , then here is an article which shows how can you limit mobile data usage . disable or limit mobile data usage here are couple of apps to monitor and control you mobile data usage control mobile data app
synopsis titanium backup , is the most popular tool for everybody , not just for rom flashers , its for everybody , due to a large number of features such as : backing up user apps and their data all backups are saved on the sd-card ( really , i should be calling this external storage to future proof this answer as sd-card readers are in favour of getting dropped ) the capability to store up to fifty backups extract data from a cwm recovery image ( via cwm 's backup within recovery ) freeze an app , and put it into a state of " suspension " such that , it gets removed from the app drawer temporarily . schedule backups on a regular automatic basis or via a widget , and by tapping on the widget , titanium backup will perform the backup . there is far too much that you can do with it . what is this titanium backup you speak of , in plain english ? think of this as a " time machine " application , where a backup is instigated , to backup user applications and their application data , and then can " revert " back in case of unforseen circumstances or . . . playing angry birds , and got to a euphoric state of delight in getting the high score , and decided to backup angry birds and the high-score data in place , " just in case " a foul-up is made . the tool is often used heavily by rom flashers , have aosp gingerbread , decide to go to aosp jb , backup the apps etc , flash the new aosp jb , and restore the apps . astute readers will point out a vital step that i left out , where does the titanium backup come from then , the answer is quite simple , every time there is a new update to the titanium backup in which google play automatically updates , first things first , instinctively , always , i do the following , launch titanium backup hit ' menu ' , tap on ' more ' finally , tap on ' create " update . zip " ' select ' titaniumbackup-w . x.y. zip ' under the heading titled , ' select the name of the output file : ' ( latest version , is 5.6.0 ) the zip file is created and saved onto the /sdcard/TitaniumBackup-5.6.0.zip , so , its ' just a matter of adb pull on that file , unzip it , and install on to a newly flashed rom , for example , in this case , aosp jb , via the adb install method . then from there , after installing it , titanium backup will simply re-load the archived information about the backups already in place on the sd-card . the full information wiki can be found here on the developer 's website , if any further information is required . also take a look at our titanium tag .
short answer you cannot do that without having your device rooted , as the file permissions will not allow you to list contents there . you will be able to change into /data/data , but you will not see a single thing there . longer explanation while one might be able to access /data/data without root ( i.e. . change into that directory ) , permissions are set to forbid listing its contents : this is what happens on a device without root ( output created just now on my cat stargate 2 running android 4.1.1 ) . repeating the same on my htc wildfire running cm9 ( android 4.0.4 ) and having root access enabled looks a little different , and should give us the wanted details ( output cut to the necessary stuff ) : adb shell root@android:/ # ls -l /data drwxrwx--x system system 2013-02-27 02:01 data  as it is clearly shown , /data/data is owned by the user system group system , with this user and group being the only having full read/write/execute access . everybody else only has execute permission , enabling all processes to change into that directory . this is necessary for the apps to access their data : they know their package names , and such an app named com.foo.bar can directly jump to /data/data/com.foo.bar which it owns and has full access to .
simply use a file manager app like androzip file manager keep in mind that you cannot edit the files if you do not have root access . it is not harmful only to read the files though .
you can do it with es file explorer ( only if your device is rooted ) step 1: press menu button --> select root explorer step 2: ( a prompt will popup for giving super user permission ) allow permission step 3: ( another pop-up ) click on mount r/w , by default there is read permission ( do this only if you need to write something , else leave it ) step 4: access any system folder
i got solution : i just clean battery node and it is work .
some network-branded devices use a virtual cd-rom device to supply their own tethering software . if your phone 's tethering is not restricted and the device created is empty , i would say it is safe to ignore it .
the apple high-power charging method is vastly different from the rest of the world ( my htc , the wife 's samsung , etc ) . so do not assume an apple fast charger will work on anything but an apple .
this turns out to be more complicated than just the amperage rating of the power adapter . this xda post says that the tablet itself may ' step down ' to 0.5a charging if it cannot detect the right support in the usb host . there are some additional details in this post but i do not grok them . that thread led me to this slashdot comment which seems very useful and knowledgeable . if i understand the story correctly , unless the tablet can negotiate with the host device , the amount of power it can draw is limited . a physical " hack " ( now part of a usb standard ) in the adapter can make it clear to the usb client ( the tablet ) that there is no host device ( its a wall wart ) , so it can charge faster . without the hack , the device is limited in the amperage it can use . more details on the usb charing spec are on wikipedia . i just verified some of this with my samsung galaxy tab 10.1 and the no-name 2a usb wall charger i have . if i plug my tablet into this " unapproved " usb adapter , then i get a little red " x " on the battery charge indicator in the system tray . additionally , i get the " media scanner running . . . " alert ( which i think means that the tablet thinks it might be connected to a computer ) . i cannot tell at what rate ( 2.5ma , 500ma , 2a , etc ) the tablet is actually charging at , though . if i plug the tablet into the ' approved ' wall wart , i get no such red " x " , nor any " media scanner " alerts . all that said , in practice , i have found that the tablet will charge up on my no-name usb adapter . i am not sure if that is because i tend to turn the screen off ( and i do not have 3g ) , and thus the power draw of the sleeping tablet is less than the 500ma , or if its actually getting the full 2a . i think the upshot is that any reputable wall charger or anything labeled as " compatible " with an iphone or ipad will probably support the usb charging spec , and thus will fast-charge a samsung galaxy tab . but i am just guessing . it would be nice if there was an official usb logo or label for chargers that supported this mode . . .
i have no idea if there is some kind of separate " minimum " spec for this , but the oem charger is ~2a ( so 4 times the usb2.0 spec 's 500ma ) :
5volts 2amps for samsung tab 2-or look at the back of your tablet its there its also on the chargers specs , do remember the specs of the original charger and match it to the new charger .
luckily rooting the motorola defy is pretty simple and does not require any extraneous measures . please see this link for a tutorial on how to root and install a custom recovery ( ie . clockworkmod ) on your motorola defy . as far as installing an ics rom , after doing some research it appears there is not a fully functional rom available yet . however , if you are willing to give up a feature or two , you may be able to get a stable release running on your phone . please refer to the xda wiki page specifically for the ics development status on the motorola defy for more information about the project .
turn off any battery saver app , as i selected the wifi sleep mode to never , but it kept switching off , i then uninstalled the battery saver app . . voila now skype works un-interrupted .
normally skype should stay connected on both networks , wifi or 3g . and it should also stay connected when your phone goes to sleep . so there are two things that could be your problem : 1- maybe your provider is blocking skype from the 3g network , in this case follow @matthew read answer : settings -> wireless and network -> wi-fi settings -> then press the menu button , choose advanced , and change the wi-fi sleep policy to " never " . 2- make sure that the background data usage is enabled in settings -> data synchronization -> background data . if not , applications are not allowed to use data while the phone is on sleep .
android shuts of wifi after a certain time by default , sometimes as little as 15 seconds after the phone is locked . to change the timeout period , go to : Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Wi-Fi settings  then press the menu button , choose advanced , and change the wi-fi sleep policy to " never " .
if you have succesfully rooted the phone and have the clockworkmod recovery image , you can easily flash a custom 2.2 rom . have a look on modaco for some good options . you should also install the rom manager app from the market for easy flashing , booting to recovery , backups , etc . you should not have to wait long before there are plenty of 2.3 options too : ) ( there are a couple already on the xda forums , but these are very new so you might want to wait just a little while whilst all the kinks are ironed out ) .
i know that chrome for android ( not the android stock browser ) does have websocket support , and you can set a default homepage , not sure about fullscreen mode though .
i know that dolphin was a web browser specifically designed for the android platform . it was so successful it was then introduced for ios devices . i do not know if it will accomplish your needs , but if it can not then . . . you can get it from google play store . alternatively you may like to try maxathon cloud based browser http://www.maxthon.com/
motorola charm has a proximity sensor located on the upper left corner ; as stated in motorola charm product support site , external lighting conditions will affect this sensor . my suggestion is : each time you need to use the touchscreeen while making a call , try to " trick " the proximity sensor illuminating it with a flashlight or led , so the sensor " thinks " that you have moved away the smartphone , thus re-enabling the touchscreen circuits . if you do not have any of these items on hand , look for a place with bright light toward which to move yourself/your phone .
what the phone 's essentially asking you here is , do you want to use only 2g data networks , only 3g data networks , or automatically switch between them depending which is best ? the gsm setting will give you access to 2g ( and 2.5g ) data networks using gprs or edge data standards and speeds . wcdma will give you access to 3g networks ( using either normal 3g or hsdpa standards and speeds ) . the normal setting would be auto , which lets the phone automatically select the best ( normally fastest ) data network that it can pick up in the area that you are currently in , but as this involves using all the 2g and 3g chips and antennae this uses more power than forcing the phone to always use one or the other . the downside to picking gsm is that it will stop your phone connecting to high speed 3g data networks , but will save power as the 3g ( wcdma ) chips and antenna will not be used . the downside to picking wcdma is that it will stop your phone from using 2g networks at all ( so if you are in an area with no 3g support , then your phone will have no data signal ) but if you are in an area that you know has good 3g signal , then selecting this will save power .
out of the box , no . lg 768 user manual lg devices do not have the full device encryption capability with the stock rom , but you can always install an app to deal with that : sse - universal encryption secret space encryptor ( s . s.e. ) password manager , message ( text ) encryption and file encryption integrated in the all-in-one solution . store and manage all your passwords in one secure place protected with one master password . keep your messages , notes and other texts safe from unintended readers . securely encrypt your private and confidential files or whole folders . wiping ( secure delete ) feature is included . everything is encrypted using strong encryption algorithm : aes ( rijndael ) 256bit , rc6 256bit , serpent 256bit , blowfish 256bit/448bit , twofish 256bit and gost 256bit ciphers are available . other utils : password generator , clipboard cleaner , algorithm benchmark , . . . minimal permissions . no ads . cross-platform ( windows , linux , mac os x , . . . ) gui version and command line version of the file encryptor is available on the application home page ( download section ) . this software is open source project – we have nothing to hide , so you can have securely hidden everything you need . ( as open source , this software is published under tsu - §740.13 ( e ) encryption export license exception )
it seems that on{x} was indeed causing this , no logs show in sd card anymore since i have uninstalled the application .
apparently not . ( having questions without accepted answers just bothers me )
if you really want to delete or replace system files ''at your own risk " , first make sure you are rooted . then install nq mobile security . from the home screen of nq , slide to the left to access rom app manager . once you are there , make sure you back up the file before uninstalling it so you can restore it if anything goes south . good luck and just say thank you if i help !
if you really just want to remove it ( which , fair warning , may cause problems with the system ; i have no idea ) you can : use adb to delete the . apk file : adb shell rm /system/app/Camera.apk . you may need to first elevate to root ( adb shell and then su from the shell ) . use titanium backup to uninstall it a potentially safer route that people take is to use titanium backup pro to " freeze " the app , causing it to essentially act as though it is uninstalled without actually removing it ( so it can be " defrosted " later if needed ) . this does require the pro version , though .
the camera app will be usually named camera . apk , located in /system/app . to delete this first clear the data stored by the app in /data/data/com . sec . android . app . camera/ or something similar using root explorer , find the file , click mount rw and delete it . using terminal emulator , acquire root privileges su  mount system in read write mode mount -o rw,remount -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock03 /system  delete the file rm /system/app/Camera.apk  using adb mount system in read write mode adb shell mount -o rw,remount -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock03 /system  delete the file adb shell rm /system/app/Camera.apk  using titanium backup , select the app and click uninstall
possible drawbacks as for the " drawbacks " part , there are different things to consider : windows cannot read ext4 mac/linux/*nix should have no trouble with it using mtp , windows will not have any trouble either if your rom supports ext4 , there should be no local problem you might want to switch to a different rom one day -- that rom might not support ext4 ( unlikely , but not impossible ) there are several situations to consider , as well : if you one day get trouble with your card which cannot be solved " locally " ( e . g . the card no longer mounts locally , or cannot be mounted via mtp/ums , or you need to do a recovery of accidentally deleted files ) , you might need to attach it to your pc using a card reader ( ext4 &harr ; windows : fail ! ) if you lend your device to somebody only having windows , he might encounter problems if you one day sell your device , you have to keep this in mind , too though for the last two situations , the solution might be simply to remove/replace the card , or re-format it ( in the last case ) . how to do it still here ? ok , so the drawbacks seem to be negligible . there are multiple ways of how to get your card formatted with any file system : use a card reader on your linux-pc or mac , and the mkfs command with the -t ext4 option ( and additional parameters ) use a terminal app to do this locally on your device ( see my answer on how can i format a flash drive using terminal emulator ? for details )
where are you hearing this ? the nexus s can absolutely support video chat , it has a front-facing camera . whether a video chat app supports the nexus s is a different question . google talk is supposed to support video chat in honeycomb , hopefully it will be released for gingerbread and support the nexus s as well . the nexus s can not take hd video due to software restrictions , from everything i have read ( example ) . i think it just was not prioritized since the nexus s is a " developer phone " . ( if you meant to ask if it can play hd video the answer is yes , depending on the format and such ) .
ireader : marketplace = any 3rd party seller . no dedicated marketplace format = txt , chm , pdb ( ereader , mobipocket ) , umd ( popular chinese ebook format ) , html and image files about = real book page flip / auto-scrolling in cover mode / support font file / separate day and night theme sets / customizable action for side volume keys .
laputa : marketplace = project gutenberg , manybooks , avayewn + internal bookshelf format = epub about = recommendation / chinese supported / rss / brightness adjustment / display awake control / save to sd card / page flip animation / customizable fonts / day night modes / search / user defined categories
moon+ reader : marketplace - any 3rd party seller . no dedicated marketplace format - supports txt , html , epub , fb2 , umd and zip files . about - full visual options : line space , font scale , shadow , alignment , alpha colors , fading edge and more . 10+ themes embedded , includes day and night mode switcher . various types of paging : touch screen , volume keys or even camera , search or back keys . 21 customized operations ( screen click , swipe gesture , hardware keys ) , apply to 15 customized events : search , bookmark , themes , navigation , font size and more . 5 auto-scroll modes : rolling blind mode ; by pixel , by line or by page . real-time speed control . adjust the brightness by sliding your finger along the left edge of the screen . intelligent paragraph ; trim unwanted blank spaces options . “keep your eyes health” options for long-time reading . real page turning effect . my bookshelf design : favorites , downloads , authors , tags ; self bookcover , search , import supported . highlight , annotation , dictionary , share functions . additional features include :
areader : marketplace - feedbooks , manybooks , gutenberg , smashwords format - epub , pdf ( with a pluggin ) , txt , chm , about - areader is a good alternative to other readers , it supports the major formats and is easy to use . you can left a book half-read and when you return the app remembers where you were . it allows you to configure the font size , page orientation , and the other usual stuff for readers .
nook : marketplace - barnes and noble format - epubs ( drm'd ) , . pdb , pdf about - this app syncs your books across devices and has the ability to look up words . my only complaint is that it is a pain to change your reading preferences ( brightness , font . . . ) on the fly .
aldiko : only does non-drm'd epubs . there are thousands of these books available but you are not going to be getting newly released copyrighted books . great user interface but the no drm limitation is a problem . aldiko also has a paid app that has more features but it still does not let you load new drm'd books from the major retailers .
kindle : marketplace - amazon . com format - . azw ( drm'd ) , . txt , . mobi about - i like this app . it is easy to switch your reading settings ( brightness , font size . . . ) on the fly . you can note and lookup text . it automatically syncs with all your devices so you can put one down and pick up reading on another right where you left off . as of v2 you can subscribe to magazines and newspapers via the kindle store which will be regularly delivered to your android device . wikipedia and dictionary . com word lookup whilst reading .
google books : marketplace - google books and 3rd party sellers format - epub ( drm'd ) , about - simple 1st gen app . it automatically syncs with all your devices so you can put one down and pick up reading on another right where you left off . it is easy to change the fonts and font sizes and switch between night and day mode as your read . there is a very cool feature that i have not seen in the other apps where , when you are reading one of the books that google physically scanned , you can switch from the normal view to viewing the actual scanned in page . my only complaint is the lack of ability to make notes and lookup words . currently us only .
i had an htc desire some time ago , the solution for this kind of problem is to use any app2sd method . the idea behind app2sd is the following : 1 . partition the sd card to add a 512mb partition . 2 . symlink the directory /data of your phone to that partition . with that , you will have a " virtual " /data of 512mb ( enough to install a lot of apps ) and the phone will not be whining about free space . you will need to have a custom recovery in order to achieve this ( root not needed ) . you can check some apps2sd scripts in the xda forum . you will only need to follow the instructions there , but is as simple as partitioning the sd card ( you can do that from the recovery ) and flashing a zip file .
with ics and up ( i.e. . android 4.0+ ) , or if you consider rooting your device , there is something else you could do : freeze the marketupdater using androids manage applications ( ics and up ) -- or , before ics , e.g. titaniumbackup optionally uninstall all updates to the playstore app alternatively , maybe even better ( depending on the version of market/playstore app pre-installed on your device ) -- but requires root ( as the legacy play store needs to be installed as system app ) : freeze the marketupdater as above freeze the playstore app along =:-0 install legacy play store instead :- ) no more updates ( as that legacy play store will not be updated -- it is an older version of the playstore/market app , patched to be used in parallel to the recent version ; it has some features which were removed from the current versions ) , and a less-overloaded playstore app are the results .
here is a good guide on phandroid simply put : if on firmware version 2.1 ; download a file , place it in the root folder , flash via recovery . if on firmware version 2.2 ; download 4root . if on firmware version 2.3 ; download super one click . if there is anything you do not understand comment on this and i will edit my answer . superoneclick on cnet . com as the link is broken for some . the xda page i get for superoneclick from phandroid .
android apps are not binaries . they are . apk 's , similar to java . jar files , and . dex or . odex files when in bytecode form . they are run in the dalvik virtual machine , again very similar to a java vm . you can launch an app from a shell as follows : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n &lt;package name&gt;/&lt;activity name&gt;  for example , angry birds : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.rovio.angrybirds/com.rovio.ka3d.app  the name of the activity is found in the androidmanifest . xml file inside the . apk under //manifest/application/activity/@name . for google voice there are quite a few activities , and you may need to use other intents . i do not have sl4a . you can also disable apps temporarily with this : pm disable &lt;package name&gt;  and re-enable : pm enable &lt;package name&gt; 
yay , the phone boots again . here 's the magic recipe . Boot into recovery. adb shell mkdir /data/s mount -o rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /data/s chmod 755 /data/s/xbin/busybox Reboot the phone.  my shell is back . there is a weird quirk now - ls ( from the busybox , one assumes ) thinks adb is an ansi terminal and tries to emit ansi escape sequences . still , yay .
as far as i know , nandroid uses the yaffs2 file system for storing backups inside the . img files . a quick search on google points to these instructions on extracting files from a nandroid backup : first you will need to download and build the " unyaffs " module : svn checkout http://unyaffs.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ unyaffs cd unyaffs gcc -o unyaffs unyaffs.c  then copy the image file off your phone 's nandroid directory and extract it : mkdir data &amp;&amp; cd data ~/src/android/unyaffs/unyaffs /[path-to-backup-folder]/data.img 
you could choose to only show contacts that have phone numbers . if i remember correctly , this is in Contacts -> menu -> Display options -> Only contacts with phones . another possible solution is to go to Settings -> Accounts &amp; sync and remove the facebook sync , Add account -> Facebook and in this process select Sync existing contacts only . i am not 100% sure about the menu item names , but they should be somewhat similar . it is been a while since i have used froyo .
no , the otg marks to the phone it is otg and not normal cable the easy way is just to use a normal cable
this was supposedly fixed several months ago , but people are still reporting problems . i can read items on the card , but do not have write permission . to fix it , i combined strategies from a few sources . partition card with ms-dos partition table and ext4 filesystem . i used gparted on my ( linux ) desktop computer . insert the card into your phone . ( you will probably not have write access now . ) open the terminal emulator , installed by default in cyanogenmod . type in the following ( i recommend wifi keyboard for large blocks of text ) . give the emulator root privileges when it requests them . the $ and # indicate prompts , so do not type them in . $ su # chown media_rw:media_rw /mnt/media_rw/sdcard1 # chmod g+w /mnt/media_rw/sdcard1  this changes the sd card 's permissions . the owner and group change from system to media_rw , and it also gives the group write access .
not sure if it is any help , but possibly the issue is that that you are trying to mount in the wrong place ? this is my working script that works on an s3 mini with cm11: the realmnt location already existed , so of course the mkdir was never called . and media_rw/sdcard1 is already owned by media_rw i also had to update /etc/permissions/platform . xml to include : &lt;group id="media_rw"/&gt; in : &lt;permission name="android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE"&gt;
there was an answer posted up by adasdadasd that i wanted to accept , but has since been deleted . i will reproduce it below , and accept my answer , but if adasdadasd resurfaces , please repost and i will delete this and accept yours . https://jira.cyanogenmod.org/browse/cyan-332 https://github.com/cyanogenmod/android_packages_providers_mediaprovider/commit/faf3f77b9222554227740aed8127714ea9e3f407 fixed by default ? new change in github .
i found a workaround . by clicking new call button , i am able to type new number and execute service codes .
before you place a call there is a backspace symbol to the right of the numbers that you have entered that you can use to delete any of the numbers that you have already entered . however , once you have actually rung a number and started a call , the backspace disappears and you can not delete numbers ( as in your screenshot in the question ) . the reason for this is that while you are making a call the numbers that you type in are instantly transmitted down the phone line as dtmf ( or touch-tone ) signals so that you can navigate through voicemail menus , phone menu trees ( eg " press 1 for billing , press 2 for complaints . . . " ) , dial extension numbers , etc . you can not delete a dial tone that is already been transmitted . this is the same as while you are in the middle of one phone call you can not just type numbers into the dialler and start a totally different phone call . so the dialer code that you typed in to try to show your sim message number would not work because the numbers and symbols would have been transmitted down the phone line as beeps while you typed them ( possibly annoying the person on the other end ) instead of being used as a " service code " instruction by the phone .
after doing some additional research i finally came across a youtube video on how to bypass a samsung galaxy s continuum activation screen . the steps outlined in the video are very simple : from the activation screen select emergency call . enter the following *#83786633 which will disappear when you press the last 3 a toast with the text Softkey is enabled will appear then press the home button
install a stock or a custom rom that best fits your need from , e.g. , samobile or xda . this way you can select the android version and its flavor .
wikipedia provides a few answers : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/android_rooting in the past , many manufacturers have tried to make " unrootable " phones with harsher protections ( like the droid x ) , but they are usually still rootable in some way , shape , or form . there may be no root exploit available for new or recently updated phones , but one is usually available within a few months . but that is the past . only a minority of android devices lock their bootloaders—and many vendors such as htc , sony , asus and google explicitly provide the ability to unlock devices , and even replace the operating system entirely . so shortly speaking , no worries , if there is no root yet , surely there is one to come out soon .
i am using aerosync it works well and it is free and unlimited storage on any number of device but no cloud storage , it is having client for all platform . but you can sync a folder i do'nt know whether it can sync the internal changes in a file or that file with the newly edited version
if you want an app for android that supports the ubuntu one cloud , then try es file explorer it can be found in the google play store for free . it is a file manager but has cloud features as well . instead of having a different app for each cloud service you use ( dropbox , ubunutu one , skydrive , google drive , etc . . this rolls em all into one and it supports a decent number of clouds . hope that is what you were looking for . !
dropbox is doing the trick for me ! now i can edit the same file both in vim on pc and in " db text editor " on my android phone . all synced in second in both directions . instal db both on your ubuntu and android . make link to any folder inside ubuntu one folder on pc ( say " my texts" ) and move such link into your dropbox folder on pc . put some file to " my texts " and try to edit on both devices .
i use an app called foldersync in conjunction with cryptonite . the former can synchronize any directory on your sdcard with a number of cloud providers . the latter handles encryption . you would use encfs on the desktop to run the encryption there .
it works similar to dropbox . you put a new text file into your ubuntu one folder on your pc , you check the app in your phone , and that same file will be there waiting for you . it works both ways .
no , you do not need anything unique . while it comes with something specific - it can charge off a usb in your computer ( or the wall outlet -> usb ) . ( source : i have the 2012 one ) sounds like you have other issues such as : bad/obstructed usb header - visually check the usb on your nexus for physical damage or blocks ( dust , debris , lint , etc ) bad usb cable - try an alternative cable or verify that cable in other devices if possible . there are complaints of the 2013 nexus 7 , mostly related to odd behaviors with touch . perhaps this could be another manifestation . . . though i somewhat doubt it . if you clarify further , that may help your cause : did it ever work normally - if so , has anything changed between then and now ( rooting , custom rom , etc ) ? what came in the box with it ? what did the manual tell you ? what else have you tried ? what do you mean " what is the deal with these android tablets ? " - have you found other evidence of issues or reported complaints ?
this has happened many times to me , and every time it has been a bad cable . if you have one , try finding another usb cable to test it with , and see if it works . often some connection goes bad in the cable just from use and wear and it will only charge and refuses to transmit data . the other possibility ( this is known to be a problem with the evo 4gs , but i do not think i have heard of it on the galaxy s ) is that the usb port on your phone has been damaged or gone bad . this happened to my dad 's phone ( evo ) and they sent him a replacement . let us know what happens after you try a new cable !
not that i am aware of . presumably you could create an application that listened to the mic all the time and triggered it ( voice search ) on a certain phrase , but as voice to text is done " in the cloud " it would require a huge amount of data to go back and forth to accomplish this . one shudders to think of the implications on non-unlimited data plans , not to mention what it would do to your battery life . many phones launch voice serach when you press the button on a bluetooth headset . ymmv , try connecting a bluetooth headset and see what happens when you press the button . another forum thread about launching search from a headset
if your phone has hard keys you can start void by holding down the search key ( do not have to touch the screen ) .
your personal information like contacts , tasks and all this kind of stuff are synced automatically with your google account by default and when you login at your new phone all this information will get pushed into your new device . i do not know , but maybe t-mobile will transfer your files from the defective unit to the working one , but i am not sure about this possibility . i suggest you to ask them if they can transfer your files from the old to the new one , but remember that your private stuff like contacts will get synced ota .
if you install the android sdk on your computer , you can connect the phone via usb and use the adb tool to perform a factory reset on your phone . that will erase all your data . you can also use adb to retrieve files and data before doing the wipe . to retrieve files , type the following at the command prompt / terminal on your computer ( make sure it is running in the directory where you have the sdk ) : ./adb pull phone-file backup-file for example , ./adb pull /sdcard/DCIM/myphoto.jpg C:\backups\myphoto.jpg and to wipe the phone : ./adb wipe data you might need to try some variants of that , and on some phones you will unfortunately need to be rooted . more info on adb : http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/tools/adb.html edit : there is a better way to do a factory reset ! it is harder without a screen , but not impossible . power the device off . if the device is unresponsive and does not turn off , remove the battery and then re-insert it . press and hold the home key and the red end key for 30 seconds , the release . wait a few seconds , then press the home key and the power key again . wait 30 seconds , then press volume down twice . click the power button once . give the phone a few minutes to do the factory reset . with-screen instructions are here .
other folks here have suggested that the issue may be with your sim card : recipients complain they receive text message from me with a half hour delay i was having a similar problem which was resolved when i reset my phone to factory settings ( for other reasons ) . it might be worth asking your carrier for a new sim , though . ps . this user asked about sms receipt delays -- a different but related question .
in case anybody else is having the issue still , my phone recently picked up the gingerbread release . this appears to have resolved the problem .
unless you have apps installed on the sd card , nothing on it should be permanent/critical . any app that always relies on sd data being present is written badly . there may be some data you want to keep backed up , but that is up to you . it is impossible to say what will happen if you format the card and stick it back in empty , since it depends on every individual app . but generally speaking the apps should continue as if they had never written anything to the card in the first place . if an app misbehaves then clearing the data should fix it .
that is because this is a stock android feature . to accomplish the result you want you will need some kind of third party software i geuss . there are lots available in the play store .
from your home screen , under Menu-&gt;Settings-&gt;Accounts&amp;sync-&gt;Facebook you can uncheck Contacts . obviously , this will stop your phone contacts from syncing to facebook , but after you get the list the first time , the only thing that really updates is the pictures , so disabling it should take care of it : )
robot view can do this .
there are some usb cabes that do not support enough power to change data , so they just charge and do not mount . but i do not know how you could find them . try google for it .
i figured this out . this works with my 1st gen kindle fire and my mac running os x . first , notice that the kindle fire mounts as the volume " kindle " . second , realize that there is a file on your os x installation called /etc/private/fstab which controls filesystem mounting . third , use the command sudo vifs in terminal or otherwise edit the /etc/private/fstab file and insert the following lines : # Kindle Fire LABEL=KINDLE none msdos rw,noauto  fourth , try plugging in your kindle fire via usb . it should not auto-mount anymore . bonus : this works for any android device that auto-mounts when you plug it in . my new htc one ( verizon 32gb ) auto-mounts htc sync manager . it uses the label " cdrom " . i added a similar line above , but substituting " cdrom " for " kindle " and now it stops prompting me to install htc sync manager . in this case , i inserted these lines into /etc/private/fstab # HTC One LABEL=CDROM none hfs rw,noauto 
check your phone it should show some setting named ' connect to pc ' . change the " default connection type " to " charge only " .
one way is to ask the developer via the contact information provided in the application 's google play page . where an application or game has a free- or paid-version , you could just try the free version . unless it is stated in the description that the paid version actually supports higher resolutions , it is usually a safe assumption that if the free version looks a certain way , the paid version will look similar . a final way is to simply buy the application and try it within the 15 minute refund period . if you are not pleased with the way the application or game is formatted for your screen , simply refund it . keep in mind , though , that you are only allowed to refund an app once . if you re-install it after refunding , you will no longer have the option to refund and will be billed immediately .
while not universally accurate , the easiest way to tell is to find apps with " hd " in the title ; this is almost universally meant to mean " tablet optimized " . this is most commonly done with games . hopefully in the future the market is sorted better and apps are developed better for tablets , but there currently is no sorting/filtering option or easy way to check if something is tablet optimized or not . the amazon app store is also a good place to look ; all those apps are vetted to work well on the 7 inch kindle fire . not the same size as the tf prime but you can be sure they are not only designed for phones .
unfortunately at the moment is not possible filter the market by device resolution and maybe it will be never done , because google does not test all apps and it relies on what publisher says . in addition could be not only a problem of resolution , sometimes the tegra 2/3 chips are not still well supported by apps developer , or the problem could be related to ics too . i have an asus transformer ( 1280x800 ) and here are the rules that i try to follow before spending money on market : as already suggested , if there is a free version of an app i try it first to check if is fully compatible with my tablet ; i always read the recent changelog to see if there are fixes especially targeted to ics or tablets/hd devices ; i check the user reviews through google play website , so i can use my device filter to check reviews related to it : in addition , if i look for tablets-ready apps , i check the page featured android apps for tablets ; you can do similar research through website dedicated to app reviews that support tablet filtering ( like , for example , androidtapp ) hope it helps !
so you are asking about a native android x server ? that is the only article on a native x11 i found so far . all others seem to work with vnc somehow . not sure how the current state of the linked project is , as i could find no additional information ( yet ) .
did you use the " refresh " option in the google play music app ? you can find it in the action bar menu . another possibility is a wrong file type . here is a list of supported file types : https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/1100462?hl=en
just a note to help someone else with this on a samsung s5 lte could not be downloaded due to an error . ( 403 ) everything was going great with my brand new s5 , until i turned on the download turbo . note , prior to turning on the booster , i was installing apps successfully over a wifi connection . i turned on download booster hoping to install apps from previous phone quicker . natural enough thing to do when you have 30 apps to get through , would not you think ? all of a sudden i could not download anything from google the play store . oddly , the galaxystore ( a wierd extra play store that comes with galaxy phones ) worked , but most of my apps were not there , and those that were did not know i had purchased them . after perusing the web , and resetting things and changing google accounts , etc . , i finally tried turning of my wifi connection , and switching to only 4g mobile data . of course the s5 's download booster was off now . as if by magic , everything in google play store started working again ! okay , so maybe something in the download booster tries to make multiple connections to the google play store server , and it does not like that . so i turned off download booster , and turned on the wifi , and turned off the 4g mobile data connection . back to plain wifi , as per the data connectivity configuration that was working in the beginning . . . alas , google play store would not work again ( same error ) , even with only wifi on now . back to 4g , switch off wifi , everything works on google play store again . consternation ! in summary : if you have an s5 and you turn on the samsung 4g + wifi booster and connect to google play store , kiss your connectivity to google play store via wifi goodbye forever . you can still connect with just 4g mobile data ( as long as wifi is off ) . it is almost as if the google play store server remembers indefinitely that you once tried to connect with wifi and 4g together , and forbids your wifi connectivity henceforth .
download . apk file of google play from here . if your device has the option , first select ' uninstall updates ' from your app manager for google play app . then install this . apk file and then try using it . ( you should also remove your google acc before uninstall/install ) . let me know if this worked !
it seems there is a problem with google play . please take a look at the issue tracker .
remove google play store from the multitasking menu and try again
got it ! ! ( just had the same problem after updating from 4.3.2 to 4.4.2 ) go to settings - apps - all - and open google play store click on " force stop " then " clear data " then " clear cache " go back to settings - accounts - and remove account and add it back again ( available for kk ) or change it to the same actual password open market place and install a brand new app ( never used before ) and then install and update every thing you need : ) i9100 - cm11 kk 4.4.2 gapps- kk- 20140105
i use all 3 methods and prefer usb tethering if possible . some notes on each : usb tethering exclusive for one device ( there is only 1 cable ) charges the phone safe ( network is not exposed wirelessly ) no driver needed ( recent macs/win/linux ) best speed and latency ( usb 2.0 has 480mbit/s ) tethers any active connection on the phone ( wifi , 3g ) wifi tethering more than one client at once possible wifi chip may draw extra power in this mode easy and well known setup on clients no strings attached :- ) bluetooth tethering does not draw extra power when enabled can be enabled 24/7 capps speed at respective bt speed ( 2mbit ? ) it is really ok ( speedwise ) for surfing i tether my pc via usb ( most of the time to a wifi network ] , my tablet tethers via bt primarily , but i switch to wifi as needed too . i use this app to automatically enable bt tethering on my nexus phone . the " bt tethering always on " is very cool when i am on a train and use my tablet : no need to enable ( and remembering to afterwards disable ) wifi tethering , the phone just stays in my pocket .
in my experience , bluetooth tethering ( using bluetooth garden ) has been problematic . it disconnects too often , or can not open certain sites . usb tethering ( via clockworkmod tether ) was ok . this way , my phone would be charging while providing internet to my laptop . downside is i needed to install a program ( not an issue , because the program is safe ) on my laptop . another downside is i could not tether another device ( like a tablet ) to the phone . turning my phone into a hotspot , was a better choice . i could surf with little issues . i could connect my tablet or laptop to the phone via wifi . however , this drained my battery quickly . i would occasionally fix this by plugging my phone to an outlet with a charger .
i have made an app that supports a lot ( over 30 ) different layouts and for the latest version ( version 2.7 ) i have added the dvorak layout . it does not require root . you can read more about the app here : http://www.apedroid.com/android-applications/external-keyboard-helper
if your phone is rooted i think that you can write your own keyboard layout . i am using my own layout ( on sgs i9000 ) for some chinese blouetooth keyboard that i bougth recently . layout files are in /system/usr/keylayout/ directory . layout file that is used by my keyboard is Broadcom_Bluetooth_HID.kl . i think that layout used by built-in keyboard will be qwerty.kl - you could modify it and check if it is working . remember to make backups of original files before changing it . . .
android 4.2.2 already contains the advanced copy/cut/paste functions . calling it up is intuitive too - just long press on a word , then use the field edge indicator gadgets to select the text you want to cut . then on top you will see some icons representing specific functions . there will be a copy one ( number 4 in the image above ) , a paste one ( number 5 ) , and a cut icon too ( number 3 ) . pasting works the same way , just long press where you want to paste , and press the button .
according to sony , on their phones you double tap a word and some draggable gadgets will appear . cut , copy etc appear at the top edge .
turns out the issue appeared to be specifically with a google maps update . i have received two updates over google play since then and the problem appears to have resolved .
here 's a full stock rom for the nexus s ( via xda ) : http://android.clients.google.com/packages/ota/google_crespo/f182cf141e6a.signed-soju-ota-102588.f182cf14.zip ( md5: 3e8908941043951da5a34bb2043dd1a0 ) you should be able to name that update . zip and put it in the root of your sd card ; upon reboot it will be installed .
this one is mini : and this one is micro : there is also another new micro version for usb 3.0 , which looks like this . the port is backwards compatible with the previous micro usb cables ( you just use half the port and it'll just step down to usb 2.0 speeds ) . i am not sure if any android devices use the new port as yet .
is is quite possible that the channel it automatically chooses is too congested , or even not supported by your devices wifi card .
an helpful app to resolve this might be wifi analyzer , it shows the available ( and perhaps conflicting ) wifi channels and their strength .
the boot partition contains the kernel . if you want to use your phone you will need a kernel so no , wiping it means your phone will not be able to boot . but recovery will work so you flash another kernel .
if you are rooted , i would recommend adaway . adblock previously targeted the hosts file which is global . the hosts file method does not require setting any proxy settings . adblock decided to change to the proxy based method though . adaway uses the hosts method ( and thus requires root ) link ( apk link if you scroll down ) : https://f-droid.org/repository/browse/?fdid=org.adaway
i had the same " waiting for traffic " problem when i rebooted ( worked perfectly before reboot ) . simple solution is to manually force close abp via settings , open abp and it will function properly again
make sure that Filtering is enabled . open the adblock plus app , and turn on Filtering . also , make sure that filters are updated . in the adblock plus app , update the filters by clicking on the circular double arrows . then , restart your phone . if it is really rooted ( you might want to check with a root checker app ) , then you do not need to do anything else . to verify if adblock is working , you can install an app that has ads . in the example below , i installed the Back It app . at the left , you can see a line add at the bottom ; adblock is disabled here . at the right , you can see there is no ad , and there is an adblock plus icon at the notification bar .
yes , when you choose the particular event you want to edit or delete you are given 3 options ( at least on my droid 1 i am ) : change only this event change all events in the series change this and all future events choose #1 to change just that one event in the series .
any phone that supports nfc has the necessary " chip " already ( that is , the hardware supports that kind of transaction ) . the crucial factor is the software running on the phone . unlike with magnetic-stripe and chip-and-pin credit card transactions , there is no one standard : there are several competing contactless payment systems . google has google wallet ( but only in some countries ) , paypal has one , orange ( a phone network ) runs one in the uk . in addition , most bitcoin clients ( such as bitcoin wallet ) can use nfc to exchange payment details , but you still need a network connection to actually carry out the transaction . if you sign up for one of these payment systems , and you install their app on your nfc-capable phone , then you can use your phone to pay at any shop that supports that payment system . there is no extra hardware for you to add to the phone .
if you have an nfc chip ( and a secure element ( se ) , but as far as i know all current nfc phones have both ) then theoretically you should be able to pay for goods using google wallet , however only certain phones on certain networks are supported and it can only be used in the usa . edit : just to make it clear it may still be possible to pay for goods via nfc using your phone without a se but if you want to use google wallet then you will need both . it is feasible that companies could have their own custom payment application where you load credit onto it and have an id/cryptographic key stored in your device and then pay using that . i do not think this is too likely however because of the security implications of someone else using your id/key and also , what would the benefit for the merchant be ? they now have to support this nfc payment infrastructure and it saves them only a small percentage of money on credit card fees .
quote op 's comment : thanks logos for the quick response , well actually its my office phone , i have rooted this phone and the only other apps i see are busybox installer , teeter and superuser . the weird thing is that with my office wifi i am able to access internet not apps , – amrit jan 7 at 10:56 it could be because your office wifi may be blocking that apps . ( eg : facebook )
solution which worked for me is by installing the configuration settings . call up the customer care and ask them send you the configuration settings . since you reset your phone old configuration settings would have been erased . once you install the configuration settings you will be able to access internet for all the apps .
that is a stumper - have you tried calling up your carrier and making sure that it is not an issue with them ? have you installed any permissions privacy management apps ? they might be blocking internet connectivity by default . failing that , the only suggestion i would be able to make is to do a full factory reset . . . not very appealing , i know .
i would reference this thread : http://serverfault.com/questions/201588/configuring-a-router-to-drop-packets-introduce-latency-corrupt-data does not seem to be any reason iptables should not work .
since your device is rooted you can install a proxy . i have used transparentproxy . then setup a proxy on another machine on your local network . point transparentproxy to that proxy and then set your proxy to throttle . a few proxies that might work include charlesproxy or service capture . if that does not work then you can come at it from the router level . a machine running bsd or linux can function as a router . or you can get a virtual appliance or bootable cd to do it for you .
it is possible to set network latency and speed using the emulator control functions of the standard android developer tools . if using eclipse : select window\open perspective\ddms on the screen you will see a tab named " emulator control " . in this tab , you will find the speed and latency options . the ' telephony settings ' at the very top have speed and latency selections . there are other ways to modify these settings ( including scripting them in your emulator setup ) , but this is the simplest way to access the settings .
actually there is a way to do just that in tasker , basically you can simply set the screen timeout to 15secs once the screen turns off ( which usually is the trigger to turn the lockscreen on : ) ) and there also is an event which is called display unlocked ( which is lockscreen unlocked ) and with that simply turn the screen timeout back to whatever u choose , i.e. 30 minutes .
i just found a simple way to reduce the display timeout while on lock screen ( in case you just want to wake the device , see what time it is , and then want it to lock itself more quickly than your android sleep timeout setting ) : condition : securesettings - failed login attempts 1 and tick the " invert " box . action : display timeout ( put your desired seconds here ) . this profile will detect the lock screen and not look for any failed attempt and will turn off the screen with your desired timeout . note that this condition requires secure settings plugin to be installed .
you could watch out for an automation solution . i e.g. use tasker for a lot of things like that ( yeah , it is eur 5 -- but you can obtain a free 7-day trial at the project page , and according to the dev even make it work another 7 days by exporting its settings , uninstall , reinstall , import settings ) . rawly described : you combine events/conditions with tasks . in your case , you had e.g. set the default timeout to 30s , and have tasker take care for specialities : profile " reading": condition : app running ( browser , ebook-reader , . . . -- make your choices ) task : set screen timeout to 2min ( automatically reverts when condition is no longer met ) profile " lockscreen": condition : [ screenlock on ] task : timeout 15s you have got the idea . unfortunately ( as indicated by the square brackets ) , tasker seems to have no condition for " screenlock active " ( or i did not find it ) , so this might require some addon ( locale addons are compatible ) . nevertheless , you have got the idea -- and there are other automation solutions out there on the playstore which might do the job to your liking , and even may be cheaper . i would look out for addons , then check llama - location profiles etc . as well .
the apps you are referring to are system apps - that is , they were not sideloaded ; they were integrated into the operating system . removal involves having root access and deleting the corresponding ( cryptically named ) app in /system/app , but i strongly recommend you to stick to a disable option if available - sometimes system apps depend on other system apps in order to function properly . you might end up soft-bricking your phone if you accidentally delete an important app .
the home screen in just a shortcut to the app . the app drawer contains the all installed apps . you can not remove it , unless you uninstall the app itself . consider the icons placed on your home screen as shortcuts , like on desktop in windows .
you cannot remove an app from the apps screen ! when u add the icon of a particular app on your home screen , you are just creating a quick shortcut to that particular app . but if you really want to remove an app from your app drawer you could simply hide it with the help of applications from the play store ! .
i have never seen this option built-in , but there are several apps/widgets on the playstore offering a " quick boot " as well . the term is a little misleading , as it is usually not a boot at all . for some background information , let me first refer to my answer on can somebody explain the boot process of an android device ? . quick-reboot usually kills everything down to the " system server " , so zygote has to start it anew . as zygote is the parent to all apps , basically the " android-part " of the system is completely reloaded – while the underlying " linux-part " keeps running . from the users ' point of view , this looks like a " quick reboot": the graphical interface ( all apps , including the home screen ) disappear , and then the system comes up again exactly like after a " boot " . but during this process , the first 4 steps of a " real boot " ( as outlined in the linked question ) were skipped . i am not 100% sure if the " quick boot " option you are seeing there is the same , but it is pretty likely . because , if it were a " full boot , just quicker " – then why should not that be used in the first place ?
you will not be able to use bt-dun on the streak unless there is something custom built into the ui . my archos 70 has a setting baked into android for bluetooth tethering specifically . without that or some app to enable it , the streak will not know where to get the internet connection from , even if the devices are connected . do not bother with pdanet because it only works when you are going the other way , sharing your android internet connection with another device . another option , would be to put mywi on your iphone and make it a wireless access point , then you can connect to it via your wifi connection . there is one problem : the mywi creates an adhoc connection and android does not recognize adhoc . you can get around this by editing your wpa_supplicant file but you need to be rooted to do this . here are the instructions to do this : http://android.modaco.com/content/dell-streak-streak-modaco-com/316049/ad-hoc-network-connection-for-streak/
i did a search for " pattern based call blocking android app " . first result this app has call and sms blocking based on patterns .
try afirewall despite the name , it is an sms/call blocking app .
after doing some research , i have realized that you can find out if your bootloader is unlocked or not by entering your device 's fastboot mode ( from your device 's boot menu selection , select ap fastboot ) . about four or five lines down from the top , you will either see Device is LOCKED or Device is UNLOCKED . sadly , i found this out only after attempting to flash the custom recovery while my bootloader was locked , and trying to boot the phone subsequently would just put it into fastboot mode with the message " fastboot reason : flash failure " . thankfully , i could still get around this by entering boot selection mode ( holding vol down , up , and power simultaneously ) , and selecting " normal powerup " at the top . i ended up unlocking my bootloader , flashing again , and am now happily running cyanogenmod 11 . hope this helps someone .
i use sms backup and restore which backups your text messages to an xml file on your sd card ( does not require root ) . this way at least you can safely lower the message limit and still save your messages somewhere . i am not aware of any way to lower the limit without the messaging application automatically deleting old messages - in the stock messaging app anyway .
one way to do this would be with evernote . you could organize it all sorts of different ways ( eg . organize companies by tag or by notebook . . . and a new note for each interaction . . . ) and you can attach files ( photos , pdf , voice memos . . . ) to each note . as far as recording the actual calls , as matthew read suggested , take a look at this question . if you are looking for a more integrated approach that works with the current call log and calendar you could consider an app like bizlog ( $9 ) . it does not do everything you want but it gets you very close . if this is more of why you are looking for i would continue your search but use terms like crm ( contact relationship manager ) and contact notes , contact log or contact management .
i assume you are talking about the home and launcher screens . the launcher is exactly that , a place for your to launch apps from , while the home screen can be populated by shortcuts , folders , and widgets which make content richer and more accessible . perhaps a defy owner may be able to suggest a reason as to why there might be lag and what to do about it , but it might just be a bit of struggle for your phone to load all the apps you have , which is dependant on memory size and cpu speed . perhaps a replacement launcher would be faster . the top two seem to be adw and launcher pro , of which i think launcher pro might be marginally faster . you might also want to try go launcher and zeam . do some research and testing . as well as being faster , their are often highly configurable . for instance , the feel of the native launcher on my samsung galaxy s2 is very ' tactile ' and ' organic ' despite the power of the handset . however , adw allows me to set the speed of the homescreen and appdraw so that it is snappy as hell . i can also create differing app draws , excluding unnecessary apps and allowing it to load faster .
i just bought the phone yesterday after reading a lot about it . my phone does not have any lag in the app launcher ( the screen with the shortcuts for the installed applications , vertical scroll ) and has about 50 shortcuts and it is quite responsive .
what you are describing as the horizontal scrolling is the home screen . it is there to hold shortcuts to apps and widgets . think of it as your pc 's desktop . the vertical scrolling list is the list of actual applications that are installed ( like opening c:\program files ) . when you add new apps , it might take a second or two for android to load their icons into the cache . so long as you do not install hundreds of apps , this should not get exponentially slower . i suspect that demo unit probably needed to be reset since dozens of people handle it every day . i have not played with the defy specifically , but i have a wide selection of phones running different oses at my desk and none of them are terribly slow in the launcher app .
does not the x10 have very unique camera software ( an original interface for viewing pictures ) ? i would not know because i do not have one , but i thought that was the case . it looks like the camera software has some sort of bug at lines 124 and 202 in its gridactivity . sending this error report to the manufacturer ( sony ) along with how you got it ( like bryan denny said ) would be very helpful to them . unfortunately , it looks like its one photo at a time for now .
your apps are installed to internal memory natively , thus the 28mb space left in your settings → apps click on an app and if it gives you the option to move to sd card , try it . not all apps can be moved and some apps will not work right if moved , on that use your best judgement . there are also some apps you can find that will do the same thing for you if the move to sd card is not an option . thumbnails . this is refering to the sd card where there is enough space , but might be useful though : a ) you can find the file ( usually here : /mnt/sdcard/DCIM/.thumbnails , or something close to that ) in your system that is storing thumbnails , erase that - its usually pretty large . that will give some extra space . b ) or if you not afraid to get into the system a little more you can do this for a more permanent fix . ** with this you be switching another file out for the thumbnail file . that way it can not be recreated . move any ancillary files ( movies , music , photos , email attachments , downloads and etc . ) to the sd card edit if rooted , you might be able move /data/media/obb to sd card without errors .
the problem you are facing is not uncommon . namely android operating system ( like any other ) provides different partitions for different usages , among them there is a partition for user installed apps ( " apps partition " ) , and that partition is usually 1 gb or 2 gb or less ( depending on the total memory of the device ) . and you do have only 28 mb on your internal storage where the apps are stored . long story short , those 2 gb of free space you have are not meant for apps but for media files ( pictures , videos , etc . ) . there are two solutions to your problem : moving apps from internal memory to sd card ( not necessary external sd card ) . this will allow you to install apps on the internal memory while the data of the apps ( which is usually bigger then the app itself ) will be stored on your sd card . this is will give you a lot of free space for more apps of your choice . downside is , every app you move to the sd card will not have a widget and will be slower to use . you can do this by installing app2sd from play store or any other app that can move other apps . different approach requires more technical skills . you can root your device , and manually change the partitions so you get more space on your " apps partition " , but reduce system partition or cache partition . this procedure is a bit tricky and is different for each device . if you decide to do this a good starting point is the xda developers forum or simply google it for your specific device . hope this helps .
i spotted this advice on the post on the google mobile blog announcing the new voice actions . at least one person in the comments claimed success . just run the following commands to uninstall the old system apps if you use a custom rom . adb remount adb shell rm /system/app/googlequicksearchbox . apk adb uninstall com . google . android . googlequicksearchbox adb shell rm /system/app/voicesearch . apk adb uninstall com . google . android . voicesearch then they will install just fine from market ( from the us market ) . marketaccess set to tmo us will allow you to find them .
following the package name you provided , the app you are talking about is called gingerbread launcher free from the developer eugene373 . you must have installed this launcher before install go launcher . go launcher was your default launcher and after you removed it the system is asking you to choose between the android 's launcher and this one . if you do not need it you can remove it .
there is an app in the market with the id " com . ebproductions . android . launcher " that is gingerbread launcher free . this appears to be a slightly modified version of the aosp stock gingerbread launcher that someone 's made available for devices that do not come with the stock launcher installed .
this is a feature of cyanogenmod . pressing and briefly holding one of the volume buttons when the screen is off will cause the music player to skip forward ( volume up ) or backward ( volume down ) . the intention is that this allows you to skip tracks and whatnot without having to unlock the device . if you find it annoying then you can disable it completely in your settings : simply uncheck the option at Settings -&gt; Sound -&gt; Volume rocker music controls . alternatively , try to use short presses of the volume buttons when the screen is off and it should adjust the volume rather than skipping .
hmmm . . a quick google-fu yielded this linky to quote : gps : what should i do if touch screen ( display ) is not responding ? in case that the product is e100 , e205 , e300 or e400 press the reset key . if is s1200 , a1700 or xroad , follow the steps : turn on the device and press key menu m ( up left ) , in case the gps is turning on rolling an application it will return to the home menu . in home menu press key menu then press 4 times key + ( plus , up right ) and once key – ( minus , down right ) . if the steps were correct executed , on screen will appear a cursor + . press , with careful , in the center of the cursor using the gps pencil , marking the screen coordonats , center and four corners . after marking the coordonates , touch the screen anywhere for saving the coordonates . next step “touch test” will confirm that the settings are right and will have effect on the device , press the center of + and if the 5 coordonates were been set correctly it will pass at sound test , or it will return at the calibrating screen . if you executed correctly the steps and you arrived at “sound test” , turn off and then turn on the gps . assure that you executed correctly the procedure and if the problem persist , contact our service . try that or use one of the hidden secret android codes to get at the service menu , there may be an option in there to calibrate the touchscreen ?
it seems that asking this question has encouraged me actually make a proper effort to poke around the phone 's settings enough to find a workable solution , which is to enable Spell correction for the qwerty keyboard word suggestions / predictions . the option is enabled in the location : settings language and keyboard touch input text input QWERTY section spell correction now , typing i , t , s mid sentence will produce the suggested words its , Its , it's , which is pretty much acceptable for me . it's might be third , but it is listed and that is what counts ! i do not know if this is a common problem or if the default setting for Spell correction is on or off , so i do not know what the cause of the problem was , but at least it is sort of fixed .
i had not done a factory reset . once i had done this , it took about 2 minutes to boot up !
this actually can happen with any rom you install . if you are not installing a " new " version of the same rom , you can get in to a boot loop . you have to do a factory reset and clear the data and cache when installing a new rom for the first time . if you are installing an upgraded version of the rom , you do not have to do the wipe ( unless the instructions tell you that you should ) . but you should always clear the cache . when the device boots up for the first time , after clearing the cache , it needs to rebuild the cache for the applications you have installed . the more applications that you have installed , the longer it will take to boot the first time . keep an eye on the " boot up " , if it looks like it is " starting over " and not just replaying the boot animation , you are in a boot loop . if you have adb installed , you can plug the device in and look at the logcat that is going on during the boot process . this can also help you determine if you are in a loop or not .
i tried formatting the card again , this time on my computer , using gparted and it worked . i cleared the data of the media storage app and restarted the phone and now all media is visible to all apps again !
solved : it appears these contacts were in the " other contacts " on gmail.com. i am not entirely sure how they got there or why there is no such group in the people app where i can see or edit them , but at least i can delete them now !
it looks like the only way to do this would be to use a custom launcher . i have found three options that have this capability . nova launcher prime ( $4.00 ) apex launcher pro ( $3.99 ) holo launcher plus ( $3.99 ) there is also a free holo launcher , but i do not think it has the customizable tabs .
this , really , is not an android question , it relates more to file systems . the limitation is set by the file system . fat32 can have 65,536 entries . each file and subdirectory takes from two to thirteen entries , depending on the length of its name . there is one entry that hold the short ( 8.3 ) name of the file name . if the actual name does not fit that entry , then there will be one to twelve more entries , each of which holds 13 bytes of the full name . the size of the file itself , does not have make a difference , unless the file is larger the 4gb , which is the maximum file size for a single file in fat32 . you can read more on the fat32 spec if you wish here .
finally the market updated itself after force-stopping it , clearing its data and cache , starting the app again , and then exiting it and leaving the phone alone for an hour or two .
if you find the app in the market and install it , it should update your phone 's copy , and update automatically frrom then on .
yes , i believe apps can be installed just by placing them in the appropriate directory . i am not sure what the app installer does beyond this copying , if anything . the market does update the system 's list of apps " linked " to the market however , so that the market can check for updates and such . apps installed by other means will not show up in the market 's list .
my adobe reader seems to be looking in the download folder , try putting them there . you could also just browse to them on your phone and open them directly . your phone should already have a file manager to use for that , but i recommend explorer ( or root explorer if you have root ) .
i gave up on adobe pdf reader , too bad it does not have a simple " file open " option . i downloaded beamreader free version , and so far it is working . it actually allows you to browse the directories and open files , what a concept ! i was going to buy the speedsoftware explorer suggested by @matthew above , but never bought an app before , and got this issue : buy an app - message : &quot ; none of the accounts on your phone are supported&quot ;
upon searching at xda , few had success in rooting galaxy note 3 ( chinese version ) SM-N9006 and installing google playstore via CWM . nobody there has mentioned why root is required to flash cwm via odin . my guess is it is required to flash cwm by odin . cwm is required to flash gapps . please follow the instuctions in this thread at xda where users have reported success with cwm and playstore functionality . there is another thread which uses a safe method for rooting without disturbing knox . i would recommend trying it out before following the first link for flashing gapps . disclaimer : i do not own this device and any answer provided by me is found from internet search and the rate of success may vary . please read thoroughly before proceeding to avoid bricking your device .
@mr a , there is no other way to install google apps without root . it is happen because the system need to install gapps to system folder . you only need to root and flash custom recovery base on your device . after that , you can flash the corresponding gapps to your os version through custom recovery .
i have been developing my own answer machine application and hit two major stumbling blocks . one is that setmicrophonemute ( boolean on ) simply does not work . and the other issue is playing an audio greeting down the phone line . this is not possible due to hardware restrictions and it does not even work if the microphone is switched on and the audio is played through the speakers ! ! ! bizarre i know . i am hoping the ndk can provide a solution as i have put a lot of work into it already .
there are several system monitors available you might want to give a try . some of them log activities while running in the background , so no information is lost when the device has to be rebooted . while these might not directly point out the troublemaker , you could still see at what time the freeze happened , and which apps might have been active then -- so they should bring you at least closer to finding the culprit . one of those monitor apps is systempanel app / task manager ( it has a free trial version , but that does not log in the background but only allows for " live monitoring" ) . some screenshots from the playstore for illustration : systempanel ( source : google play ) an alternative would be system tuner , which offers similar functionality .
gps relies on your device picking up radio signals transmitted by satellites orbiting above us , an awful lot of things can block these relatively weak signals . from pocket gps world : how does the global positioning system work ? buildings , terrain , electronic interference , or sometimes even dense foliage can block signal reception , causing position errors or possibly no position reading at all . gps units typically will not work indoors , underwater or underground . ( my emphasis ) this is the same whether you are using a dedicated gps receiver , or a smart phone , if the radio signal can not get through your device will not be able to pick it up . in addition phones tend to have less sensitive gps receivers than large , powerful , dedicated gps devices with large antennae so there are likely to be marginal places undercover where your phone will not be able to pick up a gps signal when a dedicated device may be able to .
the files you downloaded from that site are for a samsung galaxy y . your phone is a samsung galaxy ace duos . you need to find a rom suitable for your phone . you are lucky that installing that rom did not brick the phone completely . you can not undo an update : to get back to what you had before , find a stock rom image for your phone ( probably from http://sammobile.com for a samsung phone ) and install it following the provided instructions . alternatively , if you still want android 4.1 , look for an unofficial 4.1 rom for your phone and install it in the same way . see also : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ?
to install non market apps , u dont need to root your phone . :\ i dont think u need to unroot your device for updating it through samsung kies . but after updating to gingerbread , your device is automatically unrooted .
super one click is written in c# . you need mono to run it under linux and other non-windows platforms . you can check your ubuntu package manager for mono or download it from here . the xda-forum-link also has a link to a detailed description on how to make it work under linux . i have never personally used it on linux , but once the program is up and running , it should be very self explanatory .
i have followed the guide in this page and reinstalled a stock version of android : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1196179 then i reinstalled cwm recovery and flashed cyanogenmod .
it makes no difference . even if you have home screen or lock screen widgets that cause battery-draining activity , such as an email widget that checks for email very frequently , this background activity will happen regardless of whether the widget is on screen . the only difference it'll make is that if you often wake up your phone for short periods on the day ( say , just to check facebook quickly ) , the screen on the phone will be on for a few seconds longer while you unlock it . that will not add up to much over the course of a year . really , the biggest difference is that if you have the lock screen turned off and you manage to pocket-dial someone , or start a game in your pocket , that'll be using a lot of battery that could have been avoided if you have a lock screen . if there is any risk of you doing this , then on average having the lock screen turned off will drain your battery faster .
if the lock screen uses widgets , like weather , news aggregators , notifications , etc , then it is likely to use more battery . personally , i just use the plain swipe lock screen without additional widgets .
as you have no widgets on either lockscreen or homescreen the difference would be marginal , purely caused by the fact the screen is on for a shorter amount of time and therefore using less battery
you cannot really root a bricked phone . however , assuming your phone is not currently bricked , there is a very straightforward tutorial by wwjoshdew that you can follow .
yes , it can be because of so long time of charging . you must go for service center so that problem can be solved systematically .
when doing a complete wipe , you can safely delete all directories off the internal storage . generally , android os will re-create any folders on user areas like internal/external storage if it does not find them . you may want to hold onto ( or at least back up prior to deletion ) media folders like DCIM and Pictures , for example . keep in mind that on different devices camera apps may store photos and videos in other , non-standard directories . and of course do not delete the clockworkmod folder if you wish to keep the nandroid backups you have made previously . under normal operation , .android_secure is the only directory on either internal or external storage that is absolutely necessary . it contains apps that were " moved to sd " via settings ( if external sd card is not present , apps get moved to internal storage instead . ) if this folder is deleted , it will cause instabilities where these apps would not start ( obviously ) , but you may also have trouble uninstalling them from android , and would need to manually remove their left-overs ( the caches , for example . ) another notable directory is Android - it contains data for installed apps .
you may deactivate your mobile data , activate again when the download has stopped and set google play for not updating apps automatically then you can set this option again when youre connected through wifi again or set that apps can be updated via wifi only .
there is no direct switch to do so . as @r4d1um says , you may deactivate your data , and once you want to resume , restart your data and the store will start download from where you had left off .
yes . there is nothing magical to restore /system partition to original state . many users gain root access temporarily to remove bloatwares from /system/apps and then unroot . but , remember , if un-rooting method involves flashing /system image , you will lose your changes . so , use proper un-rooting method .
this can have multiple reasons . first thing to look for is always whether a " user app " might have caused this . this can be done by booting into safe-mode : if everything works here , at least the hardware is fine , and the system as well . in that case , next steps would be : boot into recovery-mode , and clear ( wipe ) cache . this is possible on rooted and unrooted devices , each recovery ( stock or custom ) should permit this ( exceptions are quite rare ) . then reboot , and see if the issue is solved . if it is not solved , and your device is equipped with a custom recovery : again boot into recovery , this time wipe the " dalvik cache " . reboot , and check whether the issue is solved now . if none of these two steps brought you any relief , you need to go the " hard way": backup all your apps into single backups ( so you can restore them separate ) , including .apk and data . useful tools for that : adb backup ( see : adb , backup ) and helium backup , or on rooted devices also titanium backup . uninstall apps in reverse order of their installation ( the culprit it is more likely an app you have installed lately , than an app you have installed a year ago ) one-by-one , and after each single uninstall see whether the problem solved . does not hurt to reboot as well ( i.e. . uninstall→reboot→check , next ) . at the point where it starts working again , re-install all apps you have removed ( again one-by-one ) , skipping the last one – as that was most likely causing the issue . if the issue still persists ( or still persisted in safe-mode ) , last resort is a factory-reset . before doing that , make sure your contacts etc . are either synced with your google account , or backed up otherwise ( the apps you have already " secured " with above steps ) . does the issue stay even after this , it is most likely a hardware issue , and you will have to turn in your device for service . if , on the other hand , the factory-reset made it working again , carefully restore from your backups – again one by one , with a reboot in between ( to make sure you do not end up where you have started ) .
apparently the only way to get dialer is to reinstall the european firmware : http://www.thegalaxytabforum.com/index.php?/topic/151-gt-phone-dialer/ btw , you are on the wrong site . so is for specific programmers questions .
on your galaxy tab goto Application&gt;Contacts  now select dialer tab
install spare parts . open it and click on " battery history " . select the drop down list at the top and from it choose " gps usage " . it will show you what apps have been using the gps . note that you will need to have your device unplugged at the time as it is actually looking for battery usage as used by apps accessing gps .
there a a lot of apps that will just use gps if it is on . even the camera will use it to put location data in the image . google uses it for buzz , maps , latitude , etc . and if you have latitude , it will fire up every once in a while to report your location ( which if you have latitude , you told it to do : ) ) . there are some applications that will even use the gps , if it is available , to show you " local " advertisements . if you " opt'd in " for the " providing google with location information " when you set up your device , the device itself will use it to notify google about wifi locations and cell towers around your location . this data helps start gps from a cold start , so it can lock on to a location quicker . this data is good , and helps people that actually use the gps . they are not " tracking your every move " like some people seem to think . google , and apple for that matter , could not care less where you are , what they want to know is where the cell towers are so they can tell you where you are with their location applications more quickly . if you are worried about what may be sending data , then the only " safe " option is to turn off gps unless you are using it , and check the permissions of applications when you install them . if your " cooking recipes " application wants to use gps , that you may want to worry a little , unless it is going to tell you how to get to the store to by the ingredients .
i do not think there is an app that shows which app is using the gps . also , i can not get spare parts 's battery information screen to show in my android 4.1 . here 's my suggestion : whenever you see that the gps is active ( such as , the gps icon in the notification bar , or settings > battery shows that the gps is active ) , click on settings > apps > running to see which apps are running . one of them is the culprit . in my case today , the rogue app is no zombies .
generally speaking , gps is not always running , when an activity that uses gps , gets paused , the gps shuts down to conserve battery . when the activity is resumed , gps gets kickstarted . this is how a well-behaved and written application should behave . i would suggest to install droidwall , and dis-allow all apps to access both 3g and wifi . and watch the log , there should be some process attempting to connect . it should also show up in the ' logcat ' , in a form of something similar : ' cannot access xx . xx . xx . xx ' ip address format .
it seems like beautiful widgets often uses your gps if you have your location set to automatic . setting it to a fix location may help .
just tap the document you are reading . ( note , not a long-tap ; that opens a different menu . ) from page 5 of " getting started with adobe reader . pdf " ( which downloads with the app ) : my pdf documents are in adobe reader . now what do i do ? tap the middle of the screen once to reveal the toolbars . after a few moments , they disappear until you tap again .
if using twrp you can sideload from within recovery . boot into twrp . go to Advanced &gt; ADB Sideload and slide to start . plug usb cable into pc . if your device is not detected , manually add standard google driver . then type adb devices and you should see : xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx sideload type adb sideload &lt;filename.zip&gt; and it will be flashed automatically .
there is no way to fix this issue without wiping it sorry , and as you cannot boot your device you cannot use the sdk to backup your data partition because : it is the data that is most likely causing this issue the data partition will not be mounted during boot time also , the above ( or below ) answer is assuming that you had usb debugging enabled - did you ? alas , you will have to wipe your device ( including cache , dalvik-cache ( if possible ) and user data ) .
there are two suggestions i have for you , both of which involve installing the android sdk on your computer : http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html this is sort of overkill for you , because there is a lot of things in there that you do not need , but the most important thing is adb . if you do not want the sdk lying around , you can install virtualbox and install the sdk on a linux vm . once you have adb installed , you can do : post the output of adb logcat online . this will give you some insight as to what is causing the crash . do : adb pull /sdcard adb pull /data this will pull your data off of your phone and onto your computer . once your stuff is safely off your phone , you can do whatever factory wiping you need to do .
as of this moment , it is a known fact ( not necessarily an issue ) that the xposed framework does not work with art . so , you either : stay with dalvik runtime , and get the advantage of using xposed ; or uninstall xposed framework , and get the advantage of using art after installing xposed , the runtime gets reset from art to dalvik . can you stop it please ? you can be glad that i implemented this , otherwise you would be in a bootloop know . xposed is not compatible with art ( yet ) . it is a completely different architecture with pretty much no documentation . rewriting xposed for the art runtime requires understanding the concept , the code structure and many details to know how it works . i have already spent dozens of hours on that and some things are working . but still it is a long way ahead . do not expect even a test version in the near future . so please do not ask when it will be available - you will surely know when it is ready . i have nothing else to say about that .
no . on a few devices ' stock roms it is possible to use a security vulnerability in a driver or the kernel to root the device from the device itself , but they generally require a specific app to work ( such as framaroot for the devices and roms it supports ) . afaik , there is not a single device you can exploit this way to get root from the command-line . on devices without such a vulnerability , you can only unlock the bootloader from fastboot , which requires you to be in fastboot mode .
have you looked into towelroot by geohotz ? it is a kernel based exploit that works on ( nearly ) every device . you just push the apk to your phone and run the apk from a file manager , reboot , and installer superuser from the play store . . . .
my proximity sensor is broken . i spent 10 hours looking for app , which would prevent screen from going black during calls . after 10 hours i found this app , which finally solved my issue : proximity autolock i just wanted to share and hope others will find this usefull and will not spend that much time searching as i did .
i had this issue and found that it was being caused by dust buildup under the glass in the proximity sensor and front camera area . the dust was also affecting the front camera picture quality , you could plainly see the dust covering the inside of the camera lens area . i completely fixed both problems just with a can of compressed air . i just pulled the back of the phone off and and shot compressed air ( using the small straw attachment on the air can ) all around the area of the phone . i think the spot that actually got air in there was the tiny noise rejection hole on the top edge . i could visibly see the dust clear away from the camera lens . immediately after that the proximity sensor started working perfectly again .
i had exactly the same problem , then set the power button to end calls . but actually if you go to dialer ( keypad ) , go to call settings and untick " turn off screen during calls " . it works , as i had this problem since i bought the phone so i think it was set to that as default , because i never even knew how to get in to call settings before this problem .
this was happening to me . i found if i put my headset in , the screen would come on then i could hang up the call . i recently changed my screen protector so this may be the culprit . i changed the setting " turn screen off during calls " . hopefully , this all helps since digging for my earpiece is not very convenient .
amazing , but true - use canned air to blow into the ear piece . dust might have gotten inside the case and be blocking the proximity sensor , causing this behavior . you might even be able to see it with a magnifying glass . i saw this suggestion here - http://forums.androidcentral.com/samsung-galaxy-s4/310276-galaxy-s4-proximity-sensors-activates-but-doesnt-turn-off-2.html and would not have believed it if i had not tried it myself and it worked ! !
i am finding i have the same problem . i downloaded an app to test my proximity sensor and found that the sensor works perfectly under bright light , but does not work at all under the normal ambient light indoors . i believe the proximity sensor actually consists of an emitter and detector . i suspect the emitter is not emitting . somewhere i saw it suggested that a factory reset might solve the problem . i hate to do that because it means re-installing all apps and contacts . but i guess that is my next move .
it could be that the proximity sensor is being turned off . to keep it on , open the dialer , tap the left button , and press call settings and select the call answering/ending .
i had the same problem and it ended up being the clear screen protector that came with the otterbox case . i must have improperly installed it .
a little late but i have solved the problem by downloading an app called inteliscreen at the google play store . works for almost any android . easy just follow prompts to activate . where it ask for the apps that you want the screen to stay awake make sure you choose the phone app . solved my problem instantly . you can set the app to come on automatically when you boot up your phone . screens stays active during all calls till you turn it off . been searching for months finally found the cure .
this is not a fix but it works . while you are on the phone plug it in to a power source and it will wake up and put you back at the unlock screen .
it could be that a screen protector is possibly interfering with the proximity sensor . same thing happened on my old phone .
the problem is not just turning off the phone it is putting it on speaker or even getting to the dial pad if you are on the phone with a business . the only fix i finally had to do was make sure that the phone does not turn off when its up to my ear .
there is a diagnostics mode on the samsung galaxy s3 - there is a sensor test you can run to make sure nothing is wrong with the proximity sensor . follow the link diagnostics mode
clean you screen . i had that problem because of the dirty screen protecting cover . it was blocking the motion sensors , so the phone thought it was at my ear . once i removed the cover , the phone works just fine .
you can activate an option in accessibility settings that allows you to end the ongoing call by pressing the lock/power button on the side of the phone . you can test the functionality of your proximity sensor by entering *#*#0588#*#*
i got the same problem with my s3 as well . the only solution i found is the one above - the lock/power button to hang up . if you go to the phone app you , press menu key ( option key the one on the left of the home button the two line button ) . then , go to call settings , then call answering/ending , then check the option where it says the power key ends calls . after you check that , you will be able to end calls using the power button . i hope there is another solution , but this is what i am using so far . :/
unfortunately i was still getting this issue ( seems to come and go ) under android l , so to answer your question , no , it is not fixed . see https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=70755 for others who are reporting the issue still exists .
you might want to take a look at tasker , the mighty automation solution on android . i have not setup something as you request , but it is definitly possible , and basically should work like this : condition : event → phone ringing task : either http get or http post to your server 's url . for the task , you can make use of the many variables tasker has preset ( see : tasker userguide , variables ) . in your case : call name / number/ date / time ( in ) = %cname / %cnum / %cdate / %ctime you might need to play a little with it to get it working exactly as you wish . hint : a free trial version of tasker is available via its homepage ( 7-day trial ; on day 6 export all your settings , on day 7 uninstall , re-install , and import all settings for another 7 days , the dev said so ) . i use tasker for years , it never let me down , and i do not regret a single cent from its fee ; ) could not do without it anymore . . .
you could use wi-fi manager . in its settings , it has Switch to best network .
i just figured out how to get rid of that . tap on the message like you are going to add to the message . click the delete button . then you should see text in the background that says " enter message . " click the back button on the phone . that should take care of it .
you can compare that to other os 's versions as well : a program designed for e.g. windows 8 does not necessarily run on windows 95 . development goes on , and that includes the api s they provide . with each new version , new interfaces are available to the programmers , saving them from " re-inventing the wheel": why code an entire library yourself , when it is much easier to access one that is already available ? but if a specific feature was introduced with version 4.1 , and the developer made use of that in his app , that app would not work properly on versions 4.0 and below , obviously . so depending on the apis used , such an app might not even start on a lower version , or some core functionality would not be available at all or even crash . to prevent the user from such mishap , developers must declare a " minimum required api level " in the manifest 1 of their apps . as each " api level " corresponds with a specific android version , this makes the app " incompatible " with lower versions . 1 the manifest is an xml file included in every android app , declaring the app 's requirements .
this website has a good page on the information : http://nexus7.wonderhowto.com/how-to/unlock-android-ls-hidden-battery-percentage-icon-status-bar-0155876/ but if you want a quick and dirty way to enable this , you can just use : adb shell content insert --uri content://settings/system --bind name:s:status_bar_show_battery_percent --bind value:i:1  followed by adb reboot 
in my case , running 4.2.1 on a nexus 7 , i started with calendar , clock and '+' widgets on the lock screen . i can scroll between these with a swipe . holding down on a widget shrinks it and brings in an ' x remove ' at the top of the screen ; dragging the widget to it drops it from the lock screen . ( this does not require authentication . ) removing the last widget will leave me with just the '+' until i cycle to sleep and then back to the lock screen again , where the clock widget now reappears . scrolling to the '+' widget and pressing it makes it ask for my unlock pattern , and then displays the available widgets to add , which for me are just clock , calendar and gmail . i would certainly be interested in hearing about where to get others ( in particular , a clock that displays utc and something to do a better display of my " if found , return to . . . " information . )
i have the same issue , n7 with 4.2 with an exchange corporate account that forces a password/pin . you are correct that it has to do with corporate account . i removed my corporate account and was able to add widgets , even with the security still set to " password to unlock " . i also changed to pin and slide to unlock and all of them worked as well . i then re-added my corporate account and the widgets that i added were gone and i was unable to add any others . that said it is not a huge issue for me as the only widgets i had the option of adding were clock , gmail inbox , and calendar . clock is already there and i do not want my email/calendar displayed without unlocking the tablet .
this has to do with the accounts policies and it is not related to a specific device or version ( so far ) . i have the same limitation on my galaxy nexus running 4.2.2 , so do not expect that update to fix anything . actually , since the policy is enforced by the corporate account , we should not see this as a problem but instead as an acceptable limitation . if you have a corporate account set on you phone you should not be able to add widgets because if you can , anyone else could simple add another calendar or email ( or some third party ) widget and have access to the corporate data .
android 4.2.2 fixes this problem - having a pin lock code will allow adding widgets by pressing the "+" icon - it'll ask for a code and proceed to the add widgets screen .
i have nexus 7 and now have jb 4.2 . same problem with no additional widgets being visible , just the "+" box which does nothing if double tapped , held , dragged etc . but i do not have a corporate account , as this n7 is my own personal device . i bought the n7 from google direct , a couple of months ago . i use go launcher ex but this is not the culprit either as disabling it made no difference . not happy ! update ! cracked it ! disable screen lock pin ( set it to ' slide to unlock' ) . next attempt at unlock and i can now access three widgets ( only ! which is not impressive ) . i can now choose from gmail , calender and clock . i selected calender . slide to unlock . re-enabled ' pin to unlock ' in my settings menu , and relocked the screen . now i have clock still as my first screen and slide left to right gives me calender , with a further slide giving me an other "+" which again does not allow additional widget , because i have ' pin to unlock ' enabled .
android market just recently added carrier billing for at and t customers .
the developer sets the price in the developer 's local currency . the buyer purchases the app in his/her local currency . google does the conversion . recently the market has started showing the prices already converted to the local currency . that is more to help you understand what the price really is . you still pay with whatever your local currency is and the developer still receives whatever his/her local currency it .
i have since found this link that lists 12 currencies supported by the market . they are : canadian dollar swiss franc danish krone euro british pound hong kong dollar japanese yen norwegian krone new zealand dollar swedish krone singapore dollar us dollar no mention of the australian dollar . presumably an oversight ?
i have found the solution ! ! ! it is an old bug that some people are trailing since android 1.6 , and wich is always not actualy corrected ! the solution : you must have only one apn set in your mobile network configuration .
as the answer to are google books drm protected ? explains , acsm files are drm-protected , so you can only read them in the play books app itself , not in another ebook app . once you have " pinned " the book and it has downloaded , you can read it offline in the play books app .
try the ' dsp manager ' application from cyanogen community . download application here dsp manager for stock rom 's
there is an app which can do it for you . . . try the free one first , and if it works , then buy the full version : ) free : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.free.android.lvhfeature=search_result payed : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.test.android.lvhfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs5urvnulmfuzhjvawqubhzoil0 . have a great day : )
without root access you have 2 options . both options ( may ) allow you to access the files for a particular app , e.g. the folder /data/data/com . app . packagename . if the application is debuggable you can use the run-as command in adb shell ( more info about what adb is and how to install it can be found here ) adb shell run-as com.your.packagename` cp /data/data/com.app.packagename/  if the application is not debuggable , you can use android 's backup function . adb backup -noapk com.app.packagename  you will now be prompted to ' unlock your device and confirm the backup operation ' . it is best not to provide a password , otherwise it becomes more difficult to read the data . just click on ' backup my data ' . the resulting ' backup . ab ' file on your computer contains all the app 's data in android backup format . basically it is a compressed tar file . this page explains how you can use openssl 's zlib command to uncompress it . you can use the adb restore backup.db command to restore the backup .
you should be able to get into fastboot mode ( which bypasses the download mode you are currently in ) by pressing and holding the volume up and down buttons while turning on the phone . this should get you into fastboot . from there , you can enter recovery by pressing volume up twice and power to confirm once you are in recovery , you will need to perform a factory reset/data wipe . if your recovery somehow got hosed , you can download the recovery image from cm 's wiki page and then get into fastboot mode and use fastboot to flash the recovery . fastboot flash recovery "c:\location\to\recovery.img" 
sdcards remount by default as read only on errors , could be one . or the contacts of the sd slot are dirty or loose or the micro usb port is so overused that random connect events happen that might get your card unmounted for a mount on a then not existing pc . ^that paragraph is based on what happened to my motorola milestone 2 , if i plugged that into the car charger it want crazy activating and deactiving dock mode 6 times per second . maybe something similar goes for charge indicatiors . also magnets in vicinity of androids can cause the strangest quirks
in the galaxy s4 sms application , go to settings and there is an option called " screen on " . untick this option and you should be able to do what you want .
if you want to only affect texts , but leave other notifications alone , then go to your messaging app ( the screen with all your threads , not a specific conversation ) , click the menu button > settings go down to notifications and deselect " notifications " . if you are trying to get your phone to not react at all when you receive a notification , then blocking mode is your obvious answer . no noise , vibration , the screen stays off . . . you can even set it to not blink the notification led . i am sorry if neither of those satisfy the outcome you are looking for , but that is really all that you can do to keep the screen from lighting up .
i’m puzzled . why do you want this behaviour ? anyhow , i do not think it is possible . mobile phones have been doing this as a way to silently alert you of activity since foerver . if you want to preserve battery life , you can try dimming the screen as low as it can go instead .
as a first look i would say that you are experiencing the sudden death symptom , but it is hard to know for certain . try to clean your battery connectors or try with a new battery .
get yourself a heating pad and set it to low , slowly increment the temperature until it begins charging again . if this works , your easiest fix is to buy a battery charger and interchange batteries . if your battery is dead , below operational then get it recharged for free at a battery store near you . if you want to resolve the problem , then inspect the charging ports for corrosion or damage . if you have a soldering kit you may want to replace this part if damaged at your nearest radio shack or electrical parts store . if the problem goes beyond that then call samsung tech support higher levels and pick there brain of what parts on the motherboard controls the battery temperature and if he can give you a replacement part number you can order . this may be a lengthily process but would help others with this same problem . good luck , and please update us if you decide to go this route . always recycle , your trash is another persons investment .
you can try to switch your current live wallpapers with the gingerbread pack the nexus s came with . this will need your device to be rooted though . as seen on this topic on xda-developers , you can use root explorer ( or any other application that can get into the android filesystem , like root browser lite ) to switch your with livewallpaper . apk file located on system/app with this one , which contains the stock gingerbread live wallpapers from the nexus s , and possibly the one you are looking for . -- also , there is some really similar live wallpapers available on the market , including one called galaxy core 3d livewallpaper , which looks almost like the one you are looking for .
so i only tried to replicate the issue for a few minutes but even when i got the recorder to stop recording ( opening the camera app forced the recorder to stop ) it saved the recording . i am not sure if you already looked on the sd card but if you have not try using es file explorer ( or other file explorer ) and go to " sdcard/my documents/my recordings " . . . thats where i found my recordings . maybe its still there .
if the data still exists on the sd card , i have had some success with recuva . it might even be able to help if the file is on internal storage . the question becomes , then , how to find the file ?
i do not know if there is any setting for that ( samsung has certainly more than one device , and i do not know them all with all their specifics ) . but there are other means/approaches to this : you might try some of the toggle switches and widgets available on google play you could check for some automation tool like tasker , which have the feature of toggling mobile data . at least tasker permits to create widgets on the homescreen bound to specific tasks , so you could create a toggle-widget yourself both approaches should work independent of the device you are going to use them on .
as goggles is an app that you have said you are curious about , here are the permissions it asks for ( copied from the market web page ) : this application has access to the following : your accounts google app engine allows applications to sign in to google app engine using the account ( s ) stored on this phone . access other google services allows applications to sign in to unspecified google services using the account ( s ) stored on this phone . act as an account authenticator allows an application to use the account authenticator capabilities of the accountmanager , including creating accounts and getting and setting their passwords . manage the accounts list allows an application to perform operations like adding , and removing accounts and deleting their password . use the authentication credentials of an account allows an application to request authentication tokens . hardware controls take pictures and videos allows application to take pictures and videos with the camera . this allows the application at any time to collect images the camera is seeing . your location coarse ( network-based ) location access coarse location sources such as the cellular network database to determine an approximate device location , where available . malicious applications can use this to determine approximately where you are . fine ( gps ) location access fine location sources such as the global positioning system on the device , where available . malicious applications can use this to determine where you are , and may consume additional battery power . network communication full internet access allows an application to create network sockets . your personal information read contact data allows an application to read all of the contact ( address ) data stored on your device . malicious applications can use this to send your data to other people . write contact data allows an application to modify the contact ( address ) data stored on your device . malicious applications can use this to erase or modify your contact data . storage modify/delete usb storage contents modify/delete sd card contents allows an application to write to the usb storage . allows an application to write to the sd card . having used goggles for a while , these all seem fairly innocuous , here are what goggles does that needs those permissions : your accounts everything under this heading is needed because goggles links to your google account and stores your goggles history in your google account , so that you can go back at look at your previous searches , even after you change phones . to do this it needs to access the google account login credentials already saved in your phone 's " accounts " list , otherwise it would have to prompt you to log in to google every time you open it , or re-save your credentials again itself , which is a bit silly when they are already stored centrally on the phone . if you have more than one google account on your phone , then the first time you open goggles it asks you which one you want to save your history into . there is a setting that stops it saving your search history if you do not want this . hardware controls the entire point of goggles is to take pictures using the camera , it can not do that without these permissions . your location using goggles you can take pictures of landmarks and buildings and have it automatically identify them . it uses your location to help it narrow down the guesses of what you are photographing . network communication it uses google 's servers and massive databases to help it identify the potentially billions of different things you could photograph and ask it to recognize . your personal information * read/write contact data * you can take a photo of a business card with goggles and have it save the contact details from the business card straight into your contacts . storage you can set goggles to save all the images it takes to your sd card for later viewing via the gallery app ( this is in the settings and is off by default ) . so , as far as i can see , they have a legitimate reason for all of the permissions that the app asks for that fits with one or more of the apps functions or needs . could they also use these permissions for other purposes ? yes , but personally i trust the app to only use the access for the required purposes , after all google has plenty of other ways to get all of that info , as i am already syncing all of my contacts , etc up to gmail anyway !
if you are concerned about your privacy in general , there are approaches that can be taken . you will never convince google to let go of their data hunger , and you will not argue many developers into changing their permission requirements , as most of those are really needed for core functionalities of the apps -- or at least functionalities most of the users want from them . but you can do something about your devices : privacy protectors for rooted devices if your device is rooted , there are a few apps available to protect your data . best known in this area is lbe privacy guard ( which has some troubles with jelly bean currently ) , a closed-source app from china . used by many people not only there , first doubts ( closed source + china = spyware ? ) will not hold long : people even tracked what the app was doing , up to now i heard no evil thing . second , there is pdroid privacy protection , which is a little tricky to install , and finally it is open source pendant pdroid manager . all these apps allow you to restrict actions an app might want to perform -- without causing the app to crash . most likely all of them feed the apps fake data instead : empty contacts/calendar , no network available , no ( or a fake ) location , randomly generated imei , and the like . you can configure on a per-app base which permissions to restrict . but for sure , root is a must-have for them -- otherwise they would not be able to restrict other apps . privacy settings for all devices without root , this gets a little tricky -- and not at all that perfect : you can disable all sync , use a non-google calendar/contacts app ( with their own databases , not syncing with google or anything else ) , decide to not backup your data to google , etc . if you feel that is not enough , take a look at the article life without google for additional hints . going paranoid , you can also disable wifi and mobile network completely . that is almost like buying a dumb-phone then -- but using apps from other sources ( as explained in the linked article ) , you had still have phone and pda in one device . you had just miss the other " half " of its features . conclusion many of us do not like to give up their privacy , though most do not seem to care . the android system is still better in keeping it than many other systems around ( no bashing , so i will not name any ) . with some precaution , a compromise seems possible to me : stay away from apps violating your privacy too much , and chose wisely what you install and use : )
the apps are usually in some way tied to your contacts . like gmail for example , if they did not read your contacts , you could not get your contacts to show up when you typed in an email address or name . if they did not write , you could not add a new gmail contact . do you have a specific app you are curious about ? you cannot limit permissions of an application ( by default , but there are some 3rd party roms that are testing this functionality )
i am using a nexus 4 with new version of playstore . i can see a " share " button just below the " reviews " section . you can check once again if you have missed it : )
you phone knows what the closest towers are . there is a provider database for each country which tower id is located where on the map . this database might be small enough to be preinstalled by your provider or supplied over the air . how an android phone gets this data i do not know .
it is really up to the developer as to how to implement the location service . the full description is available here : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/location/obtaining-user-location.html the graph about 1/3rd down the page is pretty useful to see what a typical app might do , but again , it is completely up to the app developer . the location service types are : cached fix cell-id wifi gps mock location if the app requests permission for coarse location only , it will not use the gps to determine location . to answer your questions . . . it is up to the individual app developer , but in most cases the sequence will be cached fix , cell-id , wifi , gps , in that order . yes , after acquiring the tower ids or ssids of the wifi signals , that data is transmitted to google to determine a rough location . no , google has done something really clever here . google has their own database of cell tower locations , and does not require an interaction with the carrier to determine the location of the tower . this article has some of the detail http://franciscokattan.com/2010/02/06/dynamic-cell-id-clever-way-to-block-google-but-will-it-backfire/ the short version is that , when you use an app like google maps , the app will send the current cell-id information back along with your current gps fix . in this way , google gets a very good sampling of the signal strengths in various locations , and is able to build a very rich database .
i have slightly different answers for #3 : the device could be used if you want to use triangulation , but you need to use the carrier if you want to match the cell-id and the localization of the gsm ( or cdma ) tower .
a lot of this is carrier specific and i am not a dev but heres what i could piece together from the interwebs and the trainings i have had in electronic crime investigation : yes but it depends on the specific apps lbs priorities which are set by the dev and can be based on current course accuracy , power levels , predefined priorities . . . yes . the carriers have proprietary wifi base station location dbs . i can not speak to android specifically , but generally this is going to be carrier and network type ( cdma or gsm ) . phones are capable of both but at least a few years ago they did this work on the handset because of the bandwidth constraints of doing it ota .
you can use heimdall . its a cross-platform tool suite used to flash firmware , more or less like odin , but opensource . it has a binary that can be installed in your ubuntu version .
no , i do not see anything remotely related in the settings unfortunately . and no option to remember seems to pop up when you display images .
there is a modified version of gmail app available over on xda if you feel like you really need to always show images and are willing to replace the " stock " gmail app . it may require root , not sure . edit here is another thread on a gmail that shows images all the time .
go to Contacts &gt; Menu &gt; Display Options , click on your google account and make sure the box for " all other contacts " is checked .
when i looked at my contacts online , most were part of a group called " my contacts " . these people could be searched in the contacts app and in the phone dialer . there was another group called " other contacts " . these were only searchable in the phone dialer . i found a " fix " . first , i moved these over to the " my contacts " group on the web , synced my phone , but it did not fix it . so i tried to find where the setting was to display these people in the contacts app . for me ( running a custom rom similar to stock on an htc sensation ) , there was a drop down list at the top of the app that said " phonebook " . when i saw the accounts in there , my gmail account said it had all 2047 contacts . but what i did not realize was : there was a sub-menu . all categories in the sub-menu had checkmarks except the one called " ( ungrouped contacts ) " . when i put a check mark on that group , all the functionality was restored , and the missing contacts and searchability was back in the contacts app .
can it be that you have unchecked certain contacts to be displayed ? go to contacts , press menu , more , display options and verify that you really display the names you want from the options on that screen .
i finally solved the issue . it was related to my apn . my access point allowed only browsing . i changed it to another access point , and it worked !
launcher is a replacement for the home application ( the app that your phone switches to when you press the home button ) . it is basically the application that lets you switch screens , launch apps , view widgets , etc . other apps offer more home screens than the default , or different toolbars at the bottom of the screen offering different ways to quickly launch applications . these were very popular with the initial moto droid since it was basically the stock android 2.0 os which only had 3 home screens . with android 2.2 and the custom interfaces that handset manufacturers add on , the usefulness of these launcher apps may not be so obvious or necessary .
omg , i have found the following posting : http://community.skype.com/t5/security-privacy-trust-and/skype-invading-and-changing-people-s-online-status/m-p/2961695/highlight/true#m28546 according to above the " always on " concept was a deliberate decision by microsoft : they admit that certain scenarios need fixing : this is just so weird . they should certainly make it configurable . for now the only way to disconnect is to manually " sign out " . quitting the app is not sufficient . shutting down the device is neither .
send any of your contacts : /showplaces  it will show you all devices currently online for this account : then send : /remotelogout  it shokld kick off all devices but current . now check again by /showplaces  it should now be only one connection in list :  [18:50:32] System: You have 1 online endpoints: {25cf308c-73a9-ddfe-c6c7-c4a2507cf657} my_desktop Linux Skype 
so it turns out android as an operating system does not support anything other the basic http authentication ! so there will not be any readers out there that can support this : (
it should be possible to configure your router to permanently connect to the internet , or connect automatically on demand . i would recommend using these settings - after all , that is why broadband is called " always on " . the router should also cache your password details . if your router is the usb kind , then it is a bit more tricky , as these routers are actually not really routers at all , but adsl/cable modems . they are just designed to connect a single computer to the internet . however , i suspect that is not the case as you talk about connecting with your browser . also , the fact that your wifi is not connecting properly rings alarm bells . you need to make sure you have got the security set up properly , that you are using the correct passkey , and make sure that you do not need to press a button on the router when you want to allow other devices to connect . really a lot of this stuff is dependant on the make and model of router , and i think this i really more a question for your router manufacturer .
many isps link a modem to the particular mac address of a connected device . if you are bridging , when you switch devices then you will be sending the mac address of your phone instead of the one from your pc . if this is what is going on , you would need to either power cycle your router and/or call up your isp to register the mac address change every time you switched devices . if you are worried about wireless security , most routers have a mode that will only allow devices with registered mac addresses to connect wirelessly ( "wireless card access list " or the like ) . that is what i use to lock down my own network .
i had the same problem . but it disappeared . i am not 100% sure why , but i suspect that either android 4.0 ( cm9 ) fixed it , or the new separately released official calendar app on play store .
did you checked that it is your google profile in the calendar app when you create an event ? i mean , when you create an event , next to the color change you need to checked that it is your mail there , your calendar . i have a bunch of calendar in one account ( personal , work , school , etc ) and i can separately add event to each of them . . here is a pictures from my device to show you what i mean : it is the only thing i can think of , so i hope it is helpful !
most likely because when you are adding to your phone , you are adding to a different account which is synced with your google account . i know my phone has its own " samsung " calendar which syncs with google 's . have a look in your calendar 's settings to see if you can establish this . also check you do not have two linked google accounts .
i had the same problem . a while ago , i did not have access to my new android phone , so i asked my friend to login with my google credentials in the play store app to buy some apps on sale . so after a while , when i downloaded new apps , the phone of my friend got that apps and the other way around . so , now my question is , did you entered your google credentials into another android phone like i did ? did you install some apps on that phone ? try to remember if you did like i did .
here is a possible solution . my son had recently unwittingly installed appcaster on our home pc , and this was causing the apps to be pushed to my phone . i uninstalled it from the programs and features under control panel , where appcaster goes by the name " mobile app sync " .
if you replaced the stock launcher with a 3rd-party launcher , the only way to go back to stock launcher is to clear/unset the default launcher ( which is what you did ) , and select a new launcher - in this case , the stock launcher . you will never find a shortcut to the stock launcher in your list of apps .
if you use apex launcher , you can browse available apps and their activities : long-tap on a free space on your homescreen select shortcuts , then activities scroll the list to find your " lost launcher " view its activities . there should be one activity highlighted in a different color , that is the main activity opened when you launch an app . selecting that creates a shortcut on your homescreen you can start it from . writing down the activities technical name , you can also use the " app manager " from the command-line ( terminal or adb ) to launch that activity : am start -n com.app.launcher/com.app.launcher.Activity  here you have to replace com.app.launcher with the package name of the launcher/app in question , and com.app.launcher.Activity with what you have found out above to be the activity 's name .
i guess you have to insert a sim card and try to call because i have x708 tablet .
go to Settings &gt; Language &amp; keyboard &gt; HTC Sense Input and turn off the option of Vibration feedback . it is present in both htc sense 4 and 5 . it is even described in this youtube video .
from what i have read this is more than just an issue with the htc hero and seemingly still has not been fixed completely ( scroll to bottom of the page ) . however i did find several suggestions : one of the comments claimed he " choose ' up to 54mbps ' for hidden ssid on my netgear router " and it worked - maybe this will work for you . i also read ( and confirmed ) that if you are using a router with b/g/n - you need to switch it to just b/g mode for it work with a htc hero . i have not confirmed this with a hidden ssid ( confirmed with a broadcasted ssid ) but its a suggestion to try if you do not mind using only b/g mode . ( i am pretty sure this is the same as suggestion 1 but just in case he meant something else i provided this ) you could also try hiddenssid enabler . i have not tried this so i can not confirm but the comments on the app seem to indicate it works fine . hope one of these suggestions works for you .
to my understanding this functionality is to configure your current provider services such as offers , cheaper international calls , flatrates . . . but i suppose you had always have to login first . just the those 3 things do not seem to be secure enough to just login with them .
as far as i know , nexus s uses the so called micro-USB cable , the same my galaxy 5 does . this is very good , because you can buy a generic cable like that in retail stores or shops that sells electronic stuff . i did so a few days after i bought my cell phone , and it costed the equivalent of us$4.00 in my country ( chile ) .
usb data cables are pretty much interchangeable . even on devices that have modified sockets to allow connecting a headset cable to the usb port , you can usually still use a normal usb cable for charging and data with no harm to the device .
sounds like the phone has a problem with that type of headphones . i would try a different few different types of headphones . it could also be a hardware problem with the headphone port .
check you audio socket for possible debris .
it was something wrong with the firmware in the phone . i installed a new kernel with the beats audio mod and everything worked correctly after that .
when it says that , while connecting over wifi , it means that the machine is asking the local network for connection information . on a basic level it is already connected . but when it says that , it does not yet have an ip address and thus can not yet transfer tcp nor udp traffic ( probably some other types too , like icmp ) . so it is really trying to get assigned an ip address for use on the local network , which is something handled by a dhcp service ( usually in the router ) . this is not special to the device type , it is just something that is a part of networking .
why does it happen : when you connect to a dhcp enabled router , your device ( notebook , smartphone etc ) obtains an ip address in order to access internet via that router/server . which ip is that , static or dynamic : it is a dynamic internal ip address and is valid only within that network . does this ip address identify my smartphone : yes , but only in that network and it is actually the mac address of your network adapter that identifies your device , not your ip . the same is true for the router . it may have a static or dynamic ip which is given by the isp . if it is static then yes it identifies it , otherwise no . your external ip ( router 's ip ) is different from your internal ip . all of the devices connected to that router have the same external ip address .
if your smartphone says " obtaining ip-address " it means it is searching for an ip address or connecting to an ip address . if you are trying to connect via wi-fi using the smartphone , it may be a static ip address or dynamic ip address . your ip address will not identify the device , but the device has to obtain an ip address if you connect to the internet and the service provider will know about your device . every device connected to the internet has its own ip address . visit this site to check the internet ip address for your smartphone , ipad , pc or laptop .
you should uninstall microsoft .net4
your data connection is probably being lost during the phone call . thus , whatsapp gets disconnected . cdma networks ( verizon , sprint , and others that do not use a sim card ) do not work with data and voice at the same time when on 3g . voice takes over , so anything using data is disconnected . verizon is working towards this feature , called svdo ( simultaneous voice and ev-do data ) , and according to that page has one device that uses it , the htc thunderbolt . similarly , sprint also has the htc evo 4g lte that can use it . almost all other devices , though , do not support this . however , lte ( 4g ) does allow for voice and data simultaneously , so certain devices that are lte capable and are connected to lte can maintain data connections during a phone call . in the end , if you have service through a network without sim cards , and you are not connected to wifi or lte , then you will lose data connections when you make or receive a phone call .
if you can connect your phone via usb cable , just drag and drop to the folder dcim . if you want to transfer them wireless , try android transfer . here is a guide that may help you : how to transfer photos from android to computer
aside from using mtp , if you have trouble with that , there are several alternatives you could use . the easiest probably is a tool like airdroid , which simply runs on your android device , and can be accessed from your computer using your web browser . another possibility ( which i use regularly ) is qtadb , which requires a little setup on your computer ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) , and usb debugging enabled on your android device . *qtadb contains a file manager , which allows you to easily transfer files to and from your device , and also to install *.apk files directly from your computer .
option 1: ( easier ) if the two devices are connected to the same wifi network , you could transfer files to and from the note 2 via an app called airdroid . it is actually quite easy to use . after installation on the note 2 , just follow the instructions . you will need to open a browser , such as chrome , and navigate to the url displayed on the note 2 . option 2: if you want to get techy , i have figured out a way to turn my tablet into a mini http server using python and the sl4a scripting layer . after a little bit of setting up , just run the script and navigate to your mobile device 's ip address . then make your way to the files on the device , right-click and save . zipping the files you want to transfer on the device first saves you a lot of time . if you need to find out your device 's ip address , you can use an app called wifi analyzer . here 's the link for the sl4a scripting layer . please follow the python instructions . p.s. make sure you only so this on a secure network . anyone with your device 's ip address would be able to access your files .
i just asked asked a similar question at *move* *photos* from android to pc *wirelessly* *in one step* after becoming frustrated that the seemingly common task of moving photos from a phone to a pc ( crazy , i know ) was met with suggestions ranging from rooting and tweaking the phone to adb to cumbersome file transfers ( fine for us techies , not fine for e.g. my grandmother ) , i found . . . tl ; dr : photo transfer app optional : application for windows side (www.phototransferapp.com/win/) or application for mac side (www.phototransferapp.com/mac/). if you dont install them ( or are using linux ) you can just connect to the phone in a web browser . . . . which does almost exactly this , except it cant delete photos off the phone ( not that i can tell anyways ) . at the time of this writing it is a reasonable $2 usd . as a bonus it supports phone-to-phone and pc-to-phone transfers as well . its faster than airdroid and good when theres no internet connection ; also the pc-side software can autodetect the device and gives clear access to photos , and doesnt require any rooting or special features or anything like that . if it could delete the photos it would be perfect . airdroid kinda works too but relays the files through an internet connection , which given current ( i.e. . past 15 years ) technology isnt actually necessary to transfer photos from a phone to a pc . thank god there are still some sane developers left in this world .
i think you can try jihosoft android photo transfer this one can : backup android pictures on pc in 3 steps support all popular android phone models preview photos before you transfer them transfer android videos to computer as well i have tried 3-5 software , but this one work best . find it at http://www.android-sms-transfer.com/help/android-photo-transfer.html
you can do this easily using an app such as sg usb mass storage enabler . as you already know , your device does not support mass storage facility . so you have to ask help from mtp modes or enable the mass storage mode . the app stated above does the latter . it is easy . but you have to have the root access . if you do not know how , use this guide to know how .
the command is mount -o remount,rw /system
you are saying that you want to use whatsapp for another phone number of yours ? ? ? it is possible to create one whatsapp account for a single number . you cant combine two whatsapp accounts into one . if you want to create independent accounts for both your phone numbers and use whatsapp for them from your only phone then it is hell of a difficult thing . you have to logout every single time to get into the another account of yours . otherwise you should have two whatsapp apps in your phone that is impossible .
i highly suggest using bridged mode if the vmware host is connected via ethernet . this will let the guest server think it is directly connected to the lan , and give it an ip address similar to the one of the host . this will allow you to connect to the server from any other device on the network . if you use nat , you would need to set up rules to allow incoming connections to your guest server , much more work . now , using bridged , you should not lose connectivity to your server if configured correctly . is your host machine using dhcp , or does it have a static lan ip address ? if static , make sure you change your guest os to static as well , using a free ip in the same range . if dhcp , then set your guest to use dhcp just the same . sorry if this does not answer your question directly , but i think it will help .
please erase the camera data : Settings -&gt; Application -&gt; Camera -&gt; Clear Data 
does your credit card have an nfc chip ? the phone can read and write nfc data . it is probably activating android beam or s beam .
if you go to Settings -&gt; Backup &amp; reset there is a Back up my data option which states : back up application data , wi-fi passwords , and other settings to google servers in addition to this on the android os support site it says : a wide variety of your personal data is backed up autonmatically , including your wi-fi passwords , browser bookmarks , a list of the apps you’ve installed on google play , the words you’ve added to the dictionary used by the onscreen keyboard , and most of your customized settings . some third-party apps may also take advantage of this feature , so you can restore your data if you reinstall an app . if you uncheck this option , your data stops getting backed up , and any existing backups are deleted from google servers . as for the security concerns although i assume they must be sending plain-text wifi passwords according to the backup service developer guide they are at least using a secure connection to do it over .
in the future , you can just use your phone like a flash drive when you have it plugged in . you can add it to the internal storage or a micro sd card .
i guess since no one else answered , i will post what i ended up doing as an answer . the solution that worked best for me was isyncr . it is a mac/pc app that acts as a middleman between itunes and your device , so you can sync all your itunes music , playlists , and song data . it was not perfect or free , but it was what worked the best for me .
i think i have found a solution . it is pretty simple - just try to hold the menu button . the info about battery disappears and allows you to use the camera .
try downloading and using a third-camera app from the market . the restriction is apparently on the stock camera app , not on the hardware ( the camera itself ) . i downloaded retro camera , and it is able to take a picture when my galaxy s is on low battery . that might not be the app you want , so do a search on the market with the keyword " camera " .
this is , unfortunately , not adjustable in the stock version of android . if you root there are 3rd party versions that modify this low battery level .
the android permission system has so flaws . . . any app that wants to use any part of a particular permission must accept access to all parts of that permission . for example , i created an app that started off using no permissions . eventually , i wanted to add the capability to export the database to the sd card . i had to add the permission that allowed me to write to the sd card . that permission gives me full access to the sd card to write , delete , snoop , etc . so , yes , those apps can do all those things you fear with those permissions . no real way around it if you need those apps . but , to be fair , the other option ( ios ) is all apps have all permissions , without ever informing you of which of those they intend to use , no matter how rough - grained .
in the current firefox 28 the issue is solved by setting browser.search.loadFromJars to false in about:config . then only the search engines i added myself are shown .
i have obtained an answer from mozilla support , so i post it here for the community . the feature seems to have been removed . however , any hack is welcome :- ) support said : using nightly you can find pre-installed search engines in ' settings ' → ' customize ' → ' search settings ' . i do not think there are plans to re-introduce disabling default search engines anymore . there are no plans to introduce removing pre-bundled search engines .
you can still disable the search engines if you have root access to your device . specifically , you need to pull and modify the file search . json . on my device , i have : adb pull /data/data/org.mozilla.firefox/files/mozilla/rbn69ru0.default/search.json  now , by default , this file does not format everything nicely , so you can use something like http://jsonformat.com  in order to clean things up . in any case , you will see bits such as  "_id": "[app]/bing.xml", "_name": "Bing", "_hidden": false, "description": "", "__searchForm": "http://www.bing.com",  you need to take the "_hidden " flag and change it to true . do this for all of the search engines to hide all of them . or , frankly , just delete everything under engines . then , upload the file back and restart firefox with a command like : adb push search.json /data/data/org.mozilla.firefox/files/mozilla/rbn69ru0.default/  until an application restart , the changes will not be seen . as a slight editorial note , it is dumb that we have to do this by hand . either we should be able to disable things under settings-> customize-> search settings or we should have some way of turning things off in about:config . while i understand that removing menu items that cause too many support issues , completely removing the option even from about:config is counterproductive .
although you can not remove search engines from firefox for android any more ( which i think is the wrong decision for them to have made , personally ) , you can at least reorder the list , which almost makes up for not being able to remove search engines ( i really do not want to ever use bing , thanks firefox ) . to reorder the list , go into settings > customise > search settings and set one of the search engines as default by long-clicking and clicking " set as default " . it will then move to the top of the list . if you then change the default to something else , the previous default is moved down one place ( rather than going back to a predefined position ) . so you can reorder the list however you like by setting each of your favorite engines as default in turn , in reverse order of preference . say you wanted your list to start with google , wikipedia and amazon in that order , you would first set amazon as the default , then wikipedia , then google , and your list will end up with google , wikipedia and amazon as the top three , in that order .
you could use e.g. calendar event reminder , and disable notifications in the default/stock calendar . with cer , you can setup reminders for each calendar separately , and even deactivate alerts for calendars you do not want to be alerted for ( in your case , the " work " calendar ) . the added plus is you will never miss an alert anymore , as you can configure cer to annoy you until you shut the alert of manually . i have bought the app when it was still payed , and it never let me down . unfortunately , i do not know of any way to do that with the native calendar -- but at least this is a free solution , though it takes an extra app : )
to disable auto-correct in swift 3 keyboard in ics : go to Settings and then in Language &amp; Input go to Swift 3 Setting then go to Advanced now in Spacebar will select always insert a space .
swiftkey simply is a keyboard app . you might want to check in settings&rarr ; language and input&rarr ; keyboards and input methods which keyboard is active/checked , and check its configuration . many keyboard apps allow to turn off autocorrection : so does the default keyboard on my wildfire ( running cm 9.1/android 4.0.4 ) . if your keyboard does not support this , you might want to check for an alternative . hacker 's keyboard is a good choice here ( i use it on my tablet ) , and for sure allows to turn off autocorrection ( i use it this way ) . you still get the word recommendations and can tap words for auto-complete -- but nothing gets replaced anymore without your explicite consense .
swiftkey allows for disabling of the auto-correct when a physical keyboard is being used . to disable auto-correct during physical keyboard use : open swiftkey 's settings open the swiftkey app from your app launcher long press on the swiftkey logo/123 button when the swiftkey keyboard is up go to Advanced scroll to the bottom check the option for Physical keyboard space behavior which will " disable autocomplete for physical keyboards . i just checked on my droid 3 , which has a physical keyboard , and it disabled it . this was checked using swiftkey version 4.0.0.106 .
what you could do is uninstall the latest version of skype and install an older version . i recently had to do this as i found the most recent versions of skype were just bloatware and could not even do basic stuff ( like voice chat ) anymore . now i have to warn you that you are taking a risk installing a non-market app , but i believe that freewarelovers is a reputable site . uninstall your current version of skype . just go to market , my apps , skype , uninstall . switch on settings , applications , unknown sources . download version 1.0.0.984 from this link http://www.freewarelovers.com/android/app/skype#old_versions when the download is finished , just install it . remember to turn off unknown sources afterwards . try version 1.0.0.984 for starters . if that does not work keep trying earlier versions !
you could try out nimbuzz .
at the time this question was originally asked , skype lite was the only official skype client and it was locked into the verizon network and it locked voice calling to wifi only ( so as not to compete with their cell minute plans ) . as of early october , skype released it to the market for phones on other carriers . it was still crippled from making skypeout calls over the 3g connection , until a hacker over at droid forums came up with a solution and as i was typing this i realize that it was only for phones in the us , so it looks like it is still a no go . sebastiaan 's answer , nimbuzz is your best bet .
music , what played at line hold/conference waiting are set by operator , and at most cases it not allowed to change it ( except corporate virtual phonebox ) . music , what caller hear , when waiting for connect , can be changed by operator , but it usualy costs money for people , whom you call . you can only decrease call volume .
you can buy them from the website without downloading them . any apps purchased through amazon . com simply get added to your account . i think that is the best you can really do .
afaik it is very difficult for an app to identify the inserted sd-card . a regular app should be able to handle the case if the sd-card is not available ( ejected or connected as drive to the pc via usb ) but i assume that most apps can not handle the case when you regularly switch between two sd-cards . in general you should not start any apps that use the sd-card while you have inserted the " wrong sd-card " . regarding the apps moved onto sd-card - this is a different topic . as my device does not allow to switch the sd-card while running i have no clue what happens e.g. to the app data in your device if you switch the sd-card .
i do not believe android supports this out of the box . cyanogenmod might , but i doubt it would do it through connectbot .
it sure is possible if the app you want to send through the tunnel allows you to specify the host and port to connect to . e.g. if you use a remote desktop client you could use connectbot to ssh into your home server , set up a tunnel on the appropriate port , and then use the rdp client to connect to localhost in order to use that tunnel . cyanogenmod does have a proxy setting available under settings > wireless and network > proxy settings . so if you were to run a proxy server on your target computer , you could indeed set it up to proxy through the tunnel . so let 's say i have got an ssh server at example.com. internally i installed squidcache ( a proxy server ) on 192.168.0.101 . in connectbot i would set up a tunnel like this : Nickname: HTTP Proxy Type: Local Source Port: 3128 Destination: 192.168.0.101:3128  then in cyanogenmod 's proxy settings i would set it up like this : Hostname: localhost Port: 3128 Enable Proxy on wifi: Yes (Or no, whatever you prefer) 
you can block all 3g usage by going to settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks and then clciking use only 2g networks to disable 3g usage . there are also lots of widgets available that will allow you toggle between 2g / 3g usage .
if you have a rooted device you can filter which specific apps can access the 3g connection with droidwall .
onavo will let you do this , and it does not require your device to be rooted : " data hog blocking : restrict specific apps to wi-fi , or block your 3g data altogether once you exceed your data cap to avoid any additional costs " note that it is only free for a limited time ( http://www.onavo.com/help ) .
see the edits for recent updates to this although the answer is still a general ' no ' in short , no , not easily anyway . you can get all of the information off it by using an app such as nfc taginfo however currently stock android phones do not support emulating nfc cards even though their hardware allows for it . if you were willing to install a custom rom on the device then there may be a working rom that allows for the functionality on those devices , there is one for the nexus s , however these roms usually only let the phone act as a tag so you can not put data on it directly from the phone , you had have to write the data onto it from another source . i also have not seen one that allows for the setting of the uid ( unique identifier ) which is what most door readers and access control systems will work with so even if you could emulate the information on a tag you still could not open the door as the uid would be wrong . edit : it is now possible to load applications onto your device and have them communicate with a reader via nfc however for this to work you must be running cyanogenmod and this still does not solve your problem , the app still can not change the uid that the phone shows . edit edit : with android kitkat 4.4 the ability to have the phone act as an nfc card is built into the operating system so you no longer have to rely on cyanogenmod . however it can not actually emulate a tag ( such as a mifare tag ) which is what most access cards are and it can not set its own uid . n.b. i have not had a chance to play with this much so i am just going on what i have read .
uninstall any other firefox app you have .
delete mnt/secure/asec/ smdl2tmd . asec
the exceptions coming from zip ( in the log extract ) indicate that the package is corrupt . this error could have been introduced by the download , or when the package file was generated . you could check for download errors by verifying the apk file 's sha-1 or md5 checksum against a checksum provided by the download site . obviously each site will have a different way of telling you the checksum . also , the method of verifying it is different depending on what os your pc runs : on linux it is as simple as running <code> md5sum file </code> or <code> sha1sum file </code> . note that this will not always be the case from the " application not installed " error message . as others have indicated , that message usually results from trying to install a package that already exists on the system , unless the new package has a newer version number and is signed by the same key .
i have updated my phone as well , yesterday , and it is indeed quite slow at times . here are two easy things you can do ; replace your home screen with launcherpro , it is a lot faster if you are rooted , lower your vmheapsize ( 24m seems like a good value ) now these small tweaks are probably going to be insufficient , but at least they are safe . the other thing you can do is to find the original android 2.3 rom for your device , and flash it to your device .
yes , sony made the ics upgrade a horrible experience which does slow down the handset and lag . two choices : downgrade to gingerbread 2.3 . x try switching to custom rom called legacyxperia to use jellybean . the experience is more satisfying and smooth . for that to happen : need adb , fastboot binaries if your bootloader can be unlocked , check sony warning if yes and proceed to do so , you will lose your data you would need to backup your apps ( there is other questions on this site about this topic ! ) download the legacyxperia rom , extract boot.img from zip , flash it to bootloader reboot and toggle volume keys to get into clockworkmod recovery choose wipe data/cache choose install from adb sideload , cwm will wait , adb sideload name_of_zip_file , cwm will start loading and installing the rom . reboot and enjoy jellybean .
the most accessible way to get a copy of the app itself would probably be to download a stock rom in zip format and just extract the htc camera app ( /system/app/HTCCamera.apk ) . a de-odexed version would probably be easiest , but in theory you could extract both the . apk and the . odex file and put them on your device if you wanted . to be honest , though , i would be pretty skeptical about the htc camera working on your rom since deck is not sense-based . you can give it a shot , but i would wager it relies on some sense framework files ( never tried it myself ) .
did you take a nandroid backup or a titanium backup before flashing ? if you have a titanium backup , you can try restoring the camera app from there ( app only , data can be incompatible ) . if you did not backup with titanium , you could do a new nandroid backup , restore to the previous one , create the titanium backup and then restore the new nandroid backup . after this restore the app from the titanium backup . since this is a system app i can not guarantee the compatibility of the app , but you can try and if it fails/is buggy , you can revert with nandroid .
in the stock messaging app : settings-> multimedia message ( mms ) settings-> group messaging . when this is checked , it will send a single mms message to multiple people ( all within the group ) , like in examples 2/3 . when it is unchecked , it will send a message to each person in the group individually , like in example 1 . all incoming group messages will come in as a group message regardless of this setting . this setting simple controls how your messages are sent to a group . as far as i know , however , you are not able to do this on a per message basis .
for what adb backup does , you might wish to see our backup tag-wiki . basically , depending on the command line switches used , it backs up apps ( .apk ) and their data . as for the second part of your question , you might wish to see is there a way to look inside and modify an adb backup created file ? yes , it is possible extracting parts of it , and yes , titanium backup is one of the apps capable of this . other ways are described in the linked question . also worth a look : how do you extract an app 's data from a full backup made through “adb backup” ? partial adb restore backup and restore android settings and application through adb
as you have got your device with a contract , this added a special barrier to updates . short explanation how that goes : google ( or rather the aosp , android open source project ) releases a new android version . this is usually immediately available to nexus devices -- but . . . device manufacturers need to adapt it to their hardware ( drivers etc . ) and , in many cases , their special " skinning " ( htc sense , samsung tourchwiz , motorola blur , etc ) , which again at least delays availability of this update carriers using their special branding ( boot logo , special apps , and more ) so if there is a new android version released by the aosp does not necessarily mean it becomes available for all android devices . it might get stuck already in step 2 if a manufacturer decides to no longer support a device ( in your case that happened after the 2.3 release , so 2.3 is the latest " official version " available to the device ) -- and even if it passes this step , but you have got a branded device , it might get stuck in step 3 ( which most likely is what happened to you ) . the only way out if got stuck in steps 2 or 3 is checking for custom roms . as that " getting stuck " also affects developers , they often decide to build their own roms . many times this is done by porting a rom from compatible devices , adjusting the missing stuff ( or leaving some gaps , so there might be things not fully working , which then is pointed out in the instructions ) . so if you want to go the " do-it-yourself " way ( after having t-mobile unlocking the device , if needed ) , check how do i root my samsung galaxy s ? for how to root your sgs , and where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? for fitting roms . the " how-to-flash " usually is described on the page you can download the rom from .
check under settings > sound , there will be an option of vibrate on notification turn that off may be this is the possible solution .
yes it will work . however i can see that this will have lag and will not be sutiable if your going to be playing games and some heavy hd movies . you will just get the bare minimum quality . i would recommend http://www.amazon.com/sabrent-da-hdvg-converter-adapter-included/dp/b006fypt60 ofcourse if you only need the bare minimum of surfing the web , email , photos , videos , music . i would go with http://www.geekbuying.com/item/measy--h2v-1080p-hdmi--to-vga--convertor-cable-for-android-tv-box---tv-stick---mini-pc-314924.html as it has audio output also . : ) hope this helps
yes , it matters . the pins on a micro-usb connector are inside , and they are only on one side of the connector , so you can not get power or data through the connection if it is upside-down . if you got a reaction , it was probably just from the outside of the plug , which is connected to ground . if you are pushing it in hard enough to do that , you are probably damaging the socket , so try to avoid doing that in future .
yes , it matters . it will not charge if the pins are not aligned properly .
the phone does not support reverse tethering by itself . you will need to have the phone rooted and then use an app to accomplish this . there is a trial version of such an app called reverse tether available in the play store . in case you did not know : reverse tethering is where you share the internet connection from your pc ( or other device ) to your phone , where tethering is where you share you phone 's internet connection to other devices .
it is not the golauncher or the firmware . i am currently using a samsung mesmerized from us cellular and mine also does it . i have been looking for a solution also but found nothing . some sites said wipe your screen , that does not work . then others say there is not a solution . best option i see as of now : when it does that press the back button once , wait a second , then press the power key . and no offense to matthew 's post , but on the galaxy mesmerized the back key and the power key take screen shots , not the home key like on most htc 's . sorry i could not help -- i would like to solve it , too , it is very annoying .
when you hold the home key and tap power , it takes a screenshot . unfortunately sometimes lag causes the home press to be delayed/extended , so if you press it and let go before hitting power it will still happen sometimes . the original sgs suffers from this issue as well , though it uses home+back . i would try the same workaround i propose in my answer to that question : go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Running Services and click on ScreenCaptureService to end it . you will have to do this every time you boot up your phone , unless you get a task killer or can remove it somehow , though either of those may have other side effects .
hold your home button and your power button at the same time . then hit the power button then it will lock it . it works just fine .
cyanogenmod roms has a feature that by long pressing the back button you can kill the running process .
all account data on the phone is lost after a factory reset . perhaps you can use a different way to find that email address , however . did you ever send email from that account to one of your other email accounts ? what about to a friend or family member ? see if you can find one of those old messages . did you ever log into a google service using that account on a pc/mac browser ? if so , maybe you can find it in your browsing history or saved passwords . did you link that google account with any other online service ? did you create a google+ account with that address ? you might have if you ever wrote a review of an app in the google play store . try and find your google+ profile .
neither of the vendor ids you have added to the udev rules file correspond to a device listed by lsusb . other sources on the net suggest that the correct device id is SYSFS{idVendor}=="1d6b", SYSFS{idProduct}="0104" , but this device does not appear in your lsusb output either . run lsusb with the device unplugged and plugged in to find which device is the right one , and edit your udev rules appropriately . to confirm : you do not want to connect to the serial debugging port to get adb to work .
i finally was able to get adb enabled on the beagleboneblack . below is my solution with some debugging pointers . i downloaded and created ad ti-android jb image from scratch . when i booted the beagleboneblack with this image adb worked as expected . below are some of the outputs . lsusb output for the jb image built using latest rowboat files ( jan-2014 ) note : 18d1:d002 google inc . dmesg output for the jb image built using latest rowboat files ( jan-2014 ) note : idvendor= 18d1 idproduct= d002 following is the lsusb output for bbb-angstrom note : 1d6b:0104 linux foundation multifunction composite gadget dmesg output for beagleboneblack ( bbb ) -angstrom note : idvendor= 1d6b , idproduct= 0104 ( as suggested by dan hulme ) edit Command: Sudo ./adb devices Response: List of devices attached ????????? no permission Solution: sudo ./adb kill-server sudo ./adb start-server  from eclipse reference : android error : failed to install * . apk on device *: timeout
head over to settings> application manager> soptify> clear the cache and the data stored .
for using custom ringtones , i suggest rings extended app along with any file manager to browse the contents of your sd card . this will allow you to pick any supported sound file to be used as a ringtone in any app . in google+ app , go to menu -> settings . under " ringtone " you can select the wav file ( pick " rings extended " when prompted , and navigate to wherever you saved the file ) , and " notification settings " will give you finer control of which actions will trigger the notifications . i do not use facebook , but i imagine the app has similar controls in its settings .
you might want to take a look at the dns settings app , which claims to be able to do what you want ( you just have to switch once to a static ip to change the dns settings , and then switch back to dynamic ip , according to the description ) . that is the only non-root app i could find for this issue -- there are two more apps at least , but they require root to work .
absolutely yes . i have a sk4g as well , and tried setcpu out too . it force closed regularly ; whether it is due to overheating i can not say for sure , but it seems the most likely cause . fyi , all the sk4g roms are based on the stock rom as no one 's reverse-engineered the hardware requirements to build custom kernels for it yet : (
i use mantano reader for this purpose , it is quite a powerful app . give it a try and you will like it !
i also had this problem . i thought something was wrong . as soon as i inserted the headphone jack the sound got cut off and there was no sound coming thru the headphones . i tried pressing the volume button and found that it was turned all the way down by default . now there is no problem
i developed an app that fixes this exact problem . it was called " wired headset routing fix " , but now has more functionality and is named soundabout .
i own an og droid and a droid bionic and both phones eventually had similar audio jack problems . on one phone i found the issue to be a wad of dust crammed in the jack which i had to fish out with a [ enter your choice of small pointy tool ] . it could be a result of the internal contact points being pushed back from repeated tension . this would weaken the contact with the audio cable . in your particular case i do not think this is true however . other things you can try : pull the audio cable in and out several times wiggling it and testing it . ( ideally you had want to test it with something that plays audio continuously so you do not have to keep hitting play ) getting a different and potentially better quality audio cable to test with . you can also try resetting to factory default which may help if the problem is software related . ( as long as you have a google account synced with your phone , all your apps will be automatically re-downloaded ) if all else fails , take it back to the phone manufacturer or your phone service provider . they should be able to fix it for a reasonable price . there is the option of trying to fix it yourself but that is not recommended if you are uncomfortable working with small/delicate electronics , not to mention voiding your warranty .
i would try to flash the device to stock rom first . this should install the updated drivers . latest version of sgs2 official rom is 4.1.2 . http://xperiahtcrootingrom.com/stock-rom-for-galaxy-s2-i9100-official-firmware-variants/
i have had the exact same problem . cyanogenmod sgs2 , baseband i9100xxke7 , checksum 163ecafa01912637fe344ec1f8264d70 . the only difference is i am with optus in australia . after extensive research , the solution i found was simply a matter of identifying an appropriate modem+ril ( radio interface layer ) to install . i am still looking for an appropriate one for me , although i9100xxls9 has stopped the dropouts , it will not let me make calls . unfortunately it seems the best modem+ril combo is very dependent on your carrier+phone combo . i found a discussion about various rils to use for sgs2 in new zealand . you may find what you are looking for there . i have seen people discussing i9100jjls2 , i9100xxls8 and i9100pbvlp7 as good modems . if you look at your other question ( how to manually replace ones ril ) you will see it is pretty quick and easy to flip around between different rils when you know what you are doing . give them a try and see how you go .
sms messages are stored in data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db . if you can not see it in your root explorer ( or it is to small ) , try rebooting your device or simply - connect your phone to the computer and copy that file ( using e.g. adb ) on it and i am sure you will be able to read it properly .
you can not upgrade form 10.1.3 to 10.2 directly . you must flash it manually from recovery and you also have to wipe data .
several sources state that no wipe is needed while updating cm 10.1 to 10.2: you can also do this manually ( which is required if you flash additional things like kernels ) , by downloading the update to your sdcard ( from http://get.cm ) and rebooting into recovery to flash the update ( and any additional zips - although , if you have the gapps installed from http://goo.im/gapps , there is no need to reflash those ) . contrary to popular belief , there is no need to wipe anything when you update cm . this includes your cache partition , your dalvik cache , and your battery stats . while wiping these won’t hurt anything , you can increase the time it takes to boot up cm after you install the update . android is smart enough to manage both your cache and dalvik cache without you intervening . i faced no issues after following this advice .
you should follow these steps : download the relevant zip file from get . cm copy the downloaded zip file to your devices storage card using an app such as titanium backup , do a complete backup of all your installed applications . boot into recovery , and follow these steps : wipe data ( all data ) install the zip file as usual once done , reboot device . using the backup app , restore your apps . reboot device . you will now be running the latest version . the data wipe is highly recommended , but your device should still work without it - you must wipe the dalvik cache at the very least however , or you will get a boot loop . important note if you use google apps ( gapps ) then you must make sure you download the version for cm 10.2 . if you do not , you may experience compatibility errors .
questions for you : did you install an app recently ? what app did you last install ? how long was that going on for ? have you checked with your sprint provider ? you are not getting charged for those incoming messages ? it sounds like mal-ware , but do not wish to raise alarm nor fear in you , but by answering my questions above to ascertain it . quite possibly , it sounds like a scam , if you were to reply innocently like " who are you ? " you could be charged premium rates for sending it . as for the gibberish , its likely in a language that is not recognized by your handset hence the font shows the " gibberish " character as a result . if all else fails , try a factory reset the handset at last resort . edit : based on your edit , it sounds like its stopped for a good while due to perhaps its hit the threshold limit of how many sms to be stored , then when you went to delete them , more kept coming in . the apps do seem legit . . btw : ) would you not suggest try this , download this app called ' history eraser ' from google play , to wipe out the history of the sms , just that specifically alone , and nothing else . see if that helps . if more are still coming in , then i hate saying this , factory reset the handset to clear out whatever it is that is causing the jam .
try this , it is worked for me so far : go into messaging settings and uncheck automatically retrieve mms . now delete the conversation ; i have not had any problems since .
os : win 8.1 x64 with latest updates . phone : samsung galaxy s3 ( gt-i9300 ) . i got it working without manually installing any driver . when i plugged my phone in the computer it automatically installed the driver for me . after that i didnt see any popup . what you need to do is leave the phone plugged in your pc/laptop while restarting the phone ( do not be to hasty here , give the phone some time to boot up completely ) . after that go to control panel > hardware and sound > devices and printers . in here look for the multimedia tab and you should see your phone ( gt-i9300 ) . right click on it and you should see the menu browse files > gt-9300 . voila you are in your phone . after that you do not even need to repeat the steps before again , because the popup suddenly comes back ( do not switch to another usb port here , just keep using the port where you performed your phone reboot ) . incase you accidentally plugged your phone in another usb port you need to repeat the steps above . thats how i got mine working . i hope it helps you !
you could also combine this with some anti-theft solution . e.g. wheres my droid reacts on " attention words " you set up , and e.g. sends the current location ( also by sms ) , or turns on the alarm on another " attention word " . with your wife knowing ( some of ) those " attention words " , she can get to know where you are ( or rather where your device is ) -- while at the same time you have some added value . look for " anti-theft " on the playstore to find more like this , if it sounds useful to you .
it sounds like google latitude does what you want . once you opt-in you can then share your location data with your wife , and she should be able to check your location anytime . as far as i know , once you choose share your location data with someone they can retrieve it anytime without having to explicitly request your permission . latitude is built into the google maps application for android . you can enable it by going into the application 's settings and checking " enable location sharing " , then use the setting right below it ( "manage your friends" ) to choose who can see your location data .
that is not really an android question , but rather network related . but the short answer is : it should work as long as all the devices described share the same " subnet " . i have a comparable setup here ( tv→cable→router→cable→main-router→wireless→tablet ) , and can use bubbleupnp fine to stream from my tablet to my pc . all share the same network ( 192.168.1.* , netmask 255.255.255.0 ) , so upnp/dlna finds it is way from end to end . the main router acts as dhcp server for all devices in the network , no other dhcp server concurring . if however your main router and router2 both use their own subnets , that might get tricky .
this was solved by going into /data/data/ and finding the appropriate folder belonging to the failing app . i found one with " swiftkey " in the name , deleted it , and following that the update worked just fine . most likely , the app installation was failing in the background with INSTALL_FAILED_UID_CHANGED due to the app being restored with titaniumbackup , as detailed in this answer . so , in short , this seems to be an error caused by the uid changing between installs and google play throwing a fit , and it is solved by making sure app data is removed .
delete the application from your device you are installed the same application in your device , after that you are trying to install the same application from android market please delete the pre-installed application from your device , then try to download from playstore , it will work 100% alternate scenario is : please change the package name of the application , your application will work fine .
this will be my way of checking the 3g connectivity issues . might work for you too . first try to reset the apn . follow the steps here if you do not know how . restart your phone . if it did not work , try forcing the phone to 3g . in your dialer , enter *#*#3646#*#* -> phone information -> select wcdma only in the drop down menu . this should make your phone work only in 3g . try testing your speeds via speedtest for bandwidth . if both steps did not solve your problem , try using a different sim in which 3g is working . if this solves your problem , replace the sim from customer care . even now your problem is not solved , try factory reset your phone . warning : this will reset everything in your phone including pictures , take a backup of your phone before proceeding further . if none of the above solves your problem , take it to your htc customer care to check them for hardware defect .
i have a brand new google nexus 7 ( 2013 ) lte tablet , bought directly at a computer shop ( no carrier-related ) and i can confirm , that it comes with tethering and hotspot option available by the default .
disclaimer : i do not own a nexus . so the answer does come from internet sources ( xda ) . as per this thread these are some of the responses from the owners which indicates that the portable wi-fi hotspot settings is indeed present in the settings . the option for hotspot tether is there both before and after the system update . nexus 7 fhd lte with t-mobile sim has tethering and hotspot available but not with newly activated at and t data plan sim . the tethering feature disappeared in setting . when i re-insert t-mobile sim that comes with the tablet , the mobile hotspot is available again in the settings . so , it is safe to assume , only if your carrier allows tethering or you have a tethering plan the option will appear in the settings menu .
i do not know which device you are using ? but normally every android phones people app should support the functionality of at least the basic information ( meaning the emails , because it is android ~ google ~ gmail ) . so are you really sure you can not add at least the email address to your contacts ? as mentioned already by eldarerathis , you should normally even see your contacts online status . maybe you can test it by logging in on your gmail account on a pc . add some email addresses to your contacts via the pc . make your android device synchronize the information you just entered ( settings > accounts and sync > sync all ; or something like that ) . then have a look back at your people app and check if the email addresses are entered . if they are visible on your phone , that probably means that your phone supports this , but you have not found the good way to add this information via your people app . maybe you can search the site of the manufacturer for more information ( or maybe have a look at something like a help or get started app on your phone ) .
if you prefer to use a desktop client , go to google latitude and hit the gear icon to go into " history settings " . there you can disable keeping of your location history . to delete past data , you will need to go to history management , where there is an option to " delete all history " . ( there is a link from the " history settings " page . ) note : they say : your history will not be visible publicly or to your latitude friends .
open google maps on android and select latitude to disable latitude . :- )
disable location caching on android- these devices are provided with an opt-in feature for tracking one’s location . this option may or may not enabled and one can decide it when one’s phone is being set up for use . if one wants to disable the tracking then go to settings menu> > > location and security> > > uncheck use wireless networks . with this , google would not be in a position to either collect the information about one’s location or it stores the same in the phone but the app of maps helps it to grab the info but it cannot be rendered accurate . however if one wants to erase all the previously stored cached locations then rooting of the device must be done ( that means one can run more apps like backup , tethering , a flash custom’s rom etc . , ) after installing the free ‘cache location app‘ , one can get a view of a map filled with tracked locations , clear them finally by disabling the cache with one tap .
some questions , and hopefully some answers : so you are currently rooted , running one of the earlier leaks of froyo for the droid ? you are willing to switch to a mod cm6 ? or do you want to go back to plain vanilla stock without root ? if you are currently rooted and willing to try out a mod like cm6 , then go to the market and downlaod rom manager . make a nandroid backup of your phone before you do anything . then download and install cm6 via " download rom " -> cyanogenmod . you want 6.0 , not the rc version . when you download and install it , make sure you include google apps and wipe your data and cache . if you are wanting to go back to plain vanilla stock , be noted that apps like easyroot ( one click root access ) will not work for the latest version of froyo for the droid . you will have to downgrade to 2.1 to get root access back if you go this route . with that said , if you are rooted , go get rom manager . under download rom are " stock images " . one of those options is 2.2 frg01b with the option of root/unrooted . this should put you on the right path of plain vanilla stock . hope this helps , let me know if i misunderstood you and i will try to clarify .
i use my led for camera shots and also for lights and i have been doing so for almost every day or so and i have had my phone ( mytouch slide ) for about 3 months now . nothing has happened to it . i think if you are an avid user , you should just take care of it externally .
leds do have a long lifespan ( 35k-50k hrs depending on the type of led ) but the issue is heat . the leds are intended to be used as a flash ( ultra short duration ) and probably do not have very robust heat managment systems if they have any at all . each phone is going to be different . i would say that using it as a flashlight for a couple minutes tops is fine , but beyond that you run the risk of overheating which , depending on the type of led and where it is positioned in the phone in relation to other hardware could damage the led and possibly other components .
there is a really good thread of discussion about this on androidforums here . in short , leds have a long life span ( 20k+ hours ? ) . so the concern is not really the leds burning out ( although after a long period of time , they will eventually start losing the amount of output and their brightness will dim ) . the real concern is to not apply too much voltage to the led and overheat it . another concern would be overheating your battery ( due to heat dissipation from draining the battery from powering the led ) . in short , if you are only using the led for time periods less than half an hour , you should be okay . if you need to use it longer , go get a real flash light . : )
when you connect your phone to your computer , you get a pop-up showing a green android with one hand being a usb . there , click on mount sd card or an option similar to that . you should be able to use the sd card as a flash drive .
no , you do not need to do that . you can go ahead and install only the latest version . pro tip : to manage cyanogenmod updates , you can use an app called goomanager .
unicon is an icon theming tool which requires root , but it is more consistent throughout the device . icon changer changes only the icon of the shortcut , but does not require root . use apk extractor to get the installed apk from the device , transfer it to a pc , modify it and then reinstall it . does not require root .
if the icon changer that were suggested are not working , and you do not mind changing your launcher , there are some launchers that support icon changing ( and also theme changing and more good stuff ) . as example , you have : go launcher nova launcher you can have a look at the play store , and also see what other launchers can offer you !
from the home screen , press the phone 's Menu button . here , there is usually a button for Wallpaper ( it will be the top right button on the menu ) , where you should be able to pick your wallpaper ( this applies to your background and lockscreen ) .
there is a flag that people can set on their youtube videos to allow or disallow those videos to be played on a mobile device . what you are seeing when you try to access those videos is that the person has set the flag to ' disallow ' .
if you need to do s-on , flash that before flashing the ruu . other than that , just keep in mind that the ruu will wipe your phone .
check that flight mode is not swithed on . this mode will disable any network ( wi-fi , cellular network , etc ) . else , go to menu | settings | more settings | mobile networks | network operators ( note : your menu options might be different due to the android version installed on your s3 ) and reconnect to your telecommunication provider 's cellular network . note : you may need to select your telco provider 's name when your s3 displayed a list of cellular providers . also , shutdown your s3 . then , take the battery out for 30 minutes . reinsert the battery . boot up your s3 and turn on mobile network option and see if 3g/4g has been restored . worst case , it could be an android firmware 's update that is causing the s3 to fail to connect to any cellular network .
samsung phones usually take a while to switch on data . wait for few seconds . also try a reboot , that resolves the issue most times .
just use the gmail app and not the email app . you can select what email to send from -- it shows all the addresses you have set up in gmail -- and has a surprising number of gmail 's features for a mobile app . it does go through gmail 's servers and you will have your archive . i do not think you can set up and manage pop accounts from it , but if you are not abandoning the web interface entirely then it does not matter .
there are three ways to access gmail in android : setup an pop/imap account using email app . this is not recommended , since you lose many of gmails ' unique feature . use the browser and gmail 's mobile view . this is not recommended , since you do not get mail notifications . setup gmail account in the gmail app . this is the preferred way of using gmail on android , the gmail app works well with many of gmail 's unique features , such as mail search , label , archives , conversations , stars , " send as " , muting , priority inbox , etc . every email is sent and received via the gmail server and is therefore filed and searchable in gmail the gmail app does that . when i compose and email , i can choose which account to send it from and it comes via the domain server ( i.e. . not from gmail ) . i do not think you can setup " send as " from gmail app , but you can send an email with any " send as " address you have configured in the webmail . i do not think there is any major gmail webmail features that the android gmail missed .
here in india , we have philips branded wired handsfree kits which are designed to be used with all modern phones . certain phones require the jack to be plugged into a supplied female/male adapter which is then plugged into the 3.5mm jack of your phone . this is the one i am using with my spica ( the adapter also needs to be used ) after the samsung supplied ones conked out after a year of heavy duty use . ; - ) perhaps you could find something similar . . .
any 4-pin 3.5 mm stereo jack should work fine for straight sound but headsets with controls are a little more difficult . many are proprietary . if it claims to be universal it may work but if it is designed for apple or nokia it probably wont . basically , on a 4-pin jack it all depends on which ring the headset maps to which control . i could not find a droid x pinout diagram but i believe motorola uses the standard layout . this site has a pretty comprehensive list of the different pinout mappings and a lot of them are the same but a lot are proprietary . if in doubt , i would look for a set advertised to work with the droid x .
unfortunately , yes . for now , that is how google has created the maps application ; you cannot use maps ( or navigation ) without internet access . there are other apps that exist , though , that allow you to download maps for use offline . sygic and navfree , for example , both allow you to store maps on your device and then only require a gps fix to give you turn-by-turn directions . note you still need internet ( wifi or data network ) to download the maps the first time , but after that , you are free to shut data off .
internet access is needed for the routing calculation at the beginning . navigation using a precached area will work offline .
since the op 's question was dated back in mid-summer of 2012 , things have changed a bit with maps and has been updated since . in agreement with other answerer 's who have pointed out you can download the maps for offline usage , no calculation is needed , if using maps , what i found actually surprised me , the gps navigation still works even if off-line and not using any 3g/wifi either ! with the maps , hit menu , tap on make available offline , then you can pan and zoom in on the location of the map , to increase the size of the map for offline usage , it may be required to zoom out if you want a big area of maps coverage . then the download will happen ( wifi needed preferably as depending on the size of the offline map , it will take a while - not your conventional nippy download speed ) furthermore , if browsing on desktop pc , hit up on maps on the google site , and select your starting point and ending point as destination , if planning a journey , and save that as " my places " . with the maps app , it can sync up with " my places " and pull it down and be used with the off-line map ! that surprised me the gps navigation will actually show where you are and the route to take . caveat emptor : be sure to have plenty of battery juice as the gps is working 100% on it simply enable gps , all data switched off , and as its oft said - let 's hit the road jack and . . . profit ! \o/
afaik , defaults on android is not preserved if apps that use the intent are changed . workaround : use intent to launch the application or its activity screen . intent is comparatively reliable though it may be changed when app is updated . take sending email as an example install intent intercept ( google play ) clear the defaults of email client choose " intent intercept " in share menu when sending email copy intent details of your desired application activity open tasker to " create task": misc > send intent edit the parameters ( usually fill in the action and extra is enough ) ref : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/userguide/en/intents.html p.s. some famous companies even provide you the intent details on their developer website , such as evernote .
please go into the settings menu of your phone , go into the tasker app option , and select clear defaults . then open an option that needs an app to do and select the default action . i hope that answers your question - it was hard to understand .
there is no " write-only " permission for access to gmail - it is either " read-only " or " full access " , meaning that the app in question will be able to both create and delete messages from your account . however , i would guess that adding and deleting mails are two very different things from a programming standpoint , so you should be ok :- ) !
the way this works is that the online market desktop site sends a message to the market app on your phone to download and install the app . if you open the market/google play app on your phone and leave it for a while , it should work . make sure your phone has an internet connection though .
the play store website works by sending a notification to your phone asking it to install the app . if you are having problems with that make sure that : your phone has internet connection you logged in with the same google account that is on your phone . you are logged in to google talk on your device background data is enabled syncing is enabled for your main account 's gmail . these are the most common reasons that can cause push notifications ( this is the way web install is handled ) to malfunction . if your phone does not have internet connection and want to install apps though by downloading them to your computer first you could try following this tutorial . however i would personally advise against it because it requires you to disable certificate error warnings and enter your password . if you want to do it at least create a second chrome profile for this and enable 2-step verification
the gps should eventually work without wifi , the further you are in distance and time from the last gps sync , the longer the startup time will be . perhaps in slovenia and croatia you used it enough that the startup time was reasonable . ( wifi access can shortcut the process by giving the gps a hint as to your probably location ) . i would suggest putting the tablet somewhere stationary with a clear view of the sky and giving it a good while to sync , it will probably eventually sync up .
the most obvious explanation is that the file is incomplete : there is only a small fraction of the file there , or only the first section of the file is readable . given that the symptoms you report in your other question point to sd card failure , that seems the most likely cause for this too . if this is a different sd card , it could be that the card itself is not at fault : rather , whatever you are using to copy files to the card could be corrupting the filesystem , or a dodgy usb connection to a card reader could be interrupting file transfers .
an incomplete song play is mostly due to the corrupt file which you have downloaded . although it may show around 7mb for a file but if the file is corrupt then it will not play any part of it or in some cases just plays the start and skips to the next . what exactly a corrupt file is a corrupt mp3 file means that some audio bits and tunes are missing or contain some bug . the mp3 player usually plays these bits if all are there in the proper order . if some bit of data is missing then it simply skips to the next track . the corruption of the file can be judged by the amount of file is playable . if you can only play the start then the whole mp3 is corrupt . it is waste of trying because some times you could get only till the middle and later by default it skips . detect a corrupted mp3 or mp4 file : - the best way to check a corrupted file is to do a simple fast forward ( do not do a 4x fast forward for you will not know when the file is fast forwarded very fast ) till the end of the file . in fast forward it will skip to the next available data point . as you are able to only fast forward till the middle then the remaining portion of the file is missing/corrupt . if fast forward jumps directly to the last then the whole song is corrupt and needs to be deleted . for an mp4 file when the video turns pixelated during a fast forward instead of the smooth audio/video then that video is corrupt . a complete video plays the audio and video with ease even if you fast forward . let the file be partially or completely corrupt you have to delete it because corrupt file will never play completely . how to avoid a corrupt file 1 ) always download files from a reputable source . some sites do not have proper files to which many fall trap to . if you download from good sources then you will not have that issue at all . ( my suggestion is to avoid using free downloads as far as possible as it is against the law-piracy issues and also you got cheap audio with these kind of issues ) 2 ) there are some download managers which check for the link , file before download . if the link or file is missing/corrupt then you can avoid this issue .
i had this problem . the song worked fine in itunes , but not in google music . the song has an audio glitch in it from recording it from a burned cd , and that is around the spot where the song skips . it is not the mp3 or the song ; it is something about google music does not like the song . my work around : i made an aac version in itunes , uploaded that , and it worked . so my original mp3 must have been glitchy .
first of all remove the sd card/ make a factory reset ( reset internal storage ) try installing the applications , if it ok , then scan the sd card and use . secondly , try re-install the os flash with your stock firmware . it will solve the issue .
most updates will not erase your data . the kernel and /system partition can usually be updated without the filesystem needing to be wiped , so your data folders are not damaged . if the wifi network data is not erased , then your phone should connect to wifi after the upgrade , and you are good to go . i can not find any info on what happens when upgrading to rc33 , for example , but official updates usually do not wipe data . the update might also eliminate the no-sim-so-you-can not-do-anything problem .
thanks to @matthew read , the phone was updated . so , it happens that updating the firmware through the automatic updates popup does not erase the user data , which means that my wifi definitions remained in the phones memory , and it connected to the network automatically , as well as maintained the google registration information , once the update took place .
i ran a release under an emulator , and it struggled on my machine , as a guide , 2.3.1 is a tab slow on the emu but usable . honeyc is practically unusable on the emu , and seem to display many issues . this could all be down to the development stage of the code though
it is a short term fork to get ahead in the tablet market . there is a future release planned merging them back together into what is called the android icecream sandwitch . refer wikipedia - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/android_(operating_system )
there is no reason to believe that honeycomb is just for tablets . it is been designed with large screens in mind , but on the developer side of the documentation there is clear indication that it is for all screen sizes : android 3.0 brings a new ui designed for tablets and other larger screen devices , but it also is fully compatible with applications developed for earlier versions of the platform , or for smaller screen sizes . source : http://developer.android.com/sdk/android-3.0-highlights.html#compatibility my emphasis .
it was mentioned on twig last week , and there is a handful of photos floating around the net , but when the recently released honeycomb source is put on a device with phone 's resolution/screensize it changes to a much more familiar and small screen friendly phone-style ui . see it in this video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5lmcbo7ukkw so it looks like honeycomb is the first version specifically designed with tablets in mind , but it still retains all of the phone friendly features and swaps between them depending on the settings/screen size .
yes , that is what it looks like . the ui does not seem like it will work on the smaller devices like phones . we will probably see 3.0 iterations for tablets and 2 . x / 4 . x for phones . i do not like that this is like a fork . hopefully they can merge it together for 3.1 and just have a different launcher for tablets .
i do not think a formal announcement has been made , but while google 's youtube video about honeycomb said it was " entirely for tablets " [ 1 ] , it has been confirmed multiple times that it is for other devices as well [ 2 ] .
i think the conventional wisdom is that honeycomb is a fork for tablets only but this post suggests otherwise . it says that in an interview with engadget , matias duarte claimed that honeycomb would be for all form factors .
16 gb is not " that big " . all devices released within the past 2 years ( which includes your device ) at least support cards up to 32 gb . but every now and then , some incompatibilities are reported : a certain device does not like cards from a certain brand ( i never remember the combinations causing trouble ) . it might well be you have hit one of those . if you have some other card available , try that . if you either wanted to buy a new one , check the brand you are currently using , and buy some other . good idea is to e.g. buy a 32 gb at amazon ( or some other place known to accept returns ) , so if it does not work out ( and also seems to be " incompatible" ) , you can return it .
i can not tell if leadbolt does as promissed , but i see no harm in giving somebody your imei . at least if you do not use services that do authentication with your imei ( never heard of one ) . but you should wait a little , maybe there is a objection regarding my statement .
if you do not mind rooting your device then your best option to avoid all adds would be to use adaway . it'll bock all ads on your device by modifiying your hosts file and is perfectly safe to use . i have been using it for over a year now .
unfortunately , it appears that this somewhat reprehensable company infecting peoples tablets , phones , etc . , with this rogue app leadbolt can add dishonest to their profile . what appears to happen is that various apps carry this infection along with it . if your unfortunate to download one of these apps , leadbolt rides its coat tails . try getting rid of it . i contacted the company , they gave me an app to run . when you run it , it offers you the choice to " opt out " from leadbolt . i ran it , it told me i was successful in opting out and i thought that would be the end , however , i did not delete the app . about a week later , i ran the app again and sure enough , it told me i could now opt out . this program does nothing ! as far as i can tell , i have yet found anyone or anything to get rid of this curse on my tablet !
have a look at the following issue with the apps that are installed on sd card after reinserting the sd card i was one of the hard user of link2sd application . what i observed from this app is that you should not remove your sd card once you have applications on your sd card . while phone booting some of the applications gets initialized . if the phone system does not find the sd card and its applications then it is going to break the link between the sd card applications and the system . you might be seeing those applications on Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications but they will not be accessible . to answer your question there might be a way but not known to all . you can mail the developer of link2sd mentioning the issue . they might give you a solution .
it is impossible . you can only use sense ui on a rom that incorporates it . to regain it you will either need to return to your stock htc rom or see if there are any other roms that support sense .
the fact that you see the device from your file explorer does not mean that is should work from adb . most phone support standard file transfer protocols such as mtp and/or mass storage . to use adb you need to install the usb driver that is associated to your device . for samsung devices you can search for downloads related to your particular device but i guess installing kies would also do it . then you need to enable usb debugging from the parameters -> development screen . after this is done you should see you device when running adb devices .
it is android 4.2 ( jellybean ) . ( a quick google image search helped me . ) source : link 1 , link 2
on my phone i have an option to delete bulk contact pictures when i push the menu button when in my contacts . however this is using a custom rom on an htc desire hd . i am pretty sure if you are still running sense you can choose to uncheck the sync with facebook option , along with a delete contact picture option . if worse comes to worst then you can always manually delete the pictures of each contact after you uncheck the sync with facebook option .
i somehow managed to do this . i am not quite sure how , but i created a fake facebook profile with no friends ( hence no pictures to sync ) . i then tried to set up the syncing of contacts with this facebook profile . i got an error message that the service was unavailable when trying to log into this profile , and suddenly all the pictures disappeared from my contacts ! i am now down on using 9 mb on contacts instead of 16 mb .
your question made me try to use the same configuration . solution generate your key pair in openssh key file format , i used my linux workstation :  ssh-keygen -t rsa -C "KEYNAME"  ( i left passphrase empty but i think it will work with it too , add the public key to your host :  cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub &gt;&gt; ~/.ssh/authorized_keys  ( assuming that is the same machine you want to connect to ) copy private key id_rsa to your phone and use that one . : ) i found the clue on logcat :  W/System.err(27250): com.jcraft.jsch.JSchException: invalid privatekey: /sdcard/key.ppk  and this answer brought me in the right direction . how to copy private key from connectbot export workaround only private keys without passphrase can be copied , so you can change password and set it empty , this key is not compatible with es file explorer .
i just got my xperia z and the contacts did not seem to work properly in terms of filtering . the names were there when i scrolled through the list , but not all would show up if i filtered it with , say , the beginning letter . i enabled all ticks in the filter settings menu too . finally i figured that the ones not showing up were not assigned any group names like my contacts . they were showing as other contacts in google contacts when i accessed the server through browser , but shown as undefined group inside android contacts , when i edited any of those contacts . my solution was to log in to google contacts server through browser , select other contacts group , click to select all , and add them to a group like say my contacts . then log out from server . go to android settings → accounts , and force resync google contacts by checking and checking the option . wait for sync to finish . that is it . now try android contacts filter and it works properly ! ! !
my son found this fix . just go to contacts , then click the settings tab at the bottom of the screen , choose " filter " , then click all the boxes for your google account , the xperia account and local contacts . then the search will actually find everything in the phones contacts list . easy as , but was not intuitive for me unfortunately . another reason to have kids !
go to Setting -&gt; Account -&gt; Google -&gt; Account &amp; Privacy -&gt; Search engine storage -&gt; Google Search then clear data .
i was in contact with sony support , and the problem was in the initial import ( or sync ) from google contacts . something was corrupted , even though no corruption was visible . i got this fixed by : exporting the contacts from google contacts deleting the contacts from the phone importing the contacts to google contacts syncing the contacts from Settings -&gt; Accounts -&gt; Google -&gt; &lt;my Google account&gt; -&gt; Menu -&gt; Sync now ( optional ) removing haxsync from accounts ( or other additional contact syncs ) ( optional ) adding haxsync account after this all contacts were included in the search .
you should check Contacts -> Menu -> Settings -> Default storage ( or similar ) , there you should have the different options , including phone memory , sim and always ask .
on my defy xt it is contacts -> menu -> accounts , then i can pick my account , and there is a check box for " sync contacts " which i have unchecked . i assume the default location is in the phone memory ( not sim or micro-sd ) . but , in contacts -> menu -> import/export , i can import from or export to the sd . a suggestion i have heard elsewhere is that if you want some contacts synced and some not , you can create another account , and have one account sync and the other not sync .
no . this listener has nothing to do with " listening " in the sound sense : it is listening for intent broadcasts , which are a kind of signal that different software components in the device use to notify each other of important events . for more explanation about broadcasts , see what&#39 ; s the difference between a service and a broadcast receiver ? if you want to solve the problem of not being able to record audio , i recommend you post a new question with full details about what steps you took , what happened , and how long this has been happening , along with what phone and os version you have . without any further details , my first guess would be that if the audio recorder app you are using stopped unexpectedly , it failed to properly release the mic for use by other apps . in this case restarting the device would fix the problem .
so yeah aes 128 , that is a big number right ? one problem , the key used to encrypt the drive is the same as the key you use to unlock your phone , which is tiny . it would take a grand total of 5 minutes to perform an offline brute force against this tiny keyspace . wispercore has a modified android version with more reasonable security measures .
the current encryption scheme is outlined on the android website 's " notes on the implementation of encryption in android 3.0" page . from that page , the specific algorithm used is noted as such : the actual encryption used for the filesystem for first release is 128 aes with cbc and essiv:sha256 that is the only official documentation i have seen for it at this point , but it is fairly lengthy and informative .
go to this xda-developers thread and follow the instructions . you have to download an apk from there and install it as a system app . [ how-to ] disable ota updates on stock + rooted roms - xda-developers
i think what you are looking for is a full-blown 3g usb dongle , not just a sim card adapter . see , for example : can i receive/send sms of cell phone number with a tablet using dongle ? a sim card adapter would simply be a device that can read the contents of the sim card and possibly edit it . so it is pretty much like an sd card reader . to send and receive text messages and voice calls , you still need a transmitter , which is what a usb 3g dongle will provide ( if your tablet does not have built-in 3g support ) . however , i am not sure if you can use a 3g dongle to make voice calls , although sms is pretty much a standard feature for such devices .
i have a 10.1 in tablet with a sim card . tablets lack the hardware to make cellular calls - those with cellular sim cards can only use it to access the internet . you might use a service like skype but i am not that familiar with those types of services .
keep clicking on the Next button as if you are agreeing . then you can choose ' no , maybe later` to opt out of google-now . when you perform a normal search under your previous searches/ suggested searches there is a link to " get google now " again ! you can click the big x beside it and it will not come back . however , some updates and reinstalling the search app may cause this to recur again , but the steps above will get rid of it .
i found the solution : if you use two different servers for mail and tine20 , you need to use the mail address if you create the exchange connection on the android device . the automatic set up will fail , and in the advanced settings you can enter the name of the tine20 server . if you use the tine20 login on the first screen , the stock mail app will add a reply-to header to the tine20 server . and that is not valid , if you run two servers .
when you invoke the adb backup command , this is the screen popping up on your device : the button you would need to hit is " back up my data " . so after invoking the command , wait for 3 . . 5 seconds to be sure the screen is " loaded " , then hit the area on the lower-right where the button should be . the backup process then should start immediately . even if you see nothing happen , give it another 30s or so , then check ( from a different terminal/command shell ) ; you should see your backup file growing then .
i can not see any obvious mention of that particular sgs2 ics rom on xda 's sgs2 pages but there are a few other ics roms there , all with install instructions in their main post . have you tried opening the rar file with something like winrar or winzip to see if there are instructions or a readme inside it ?
mostly it lets you choose when to install it so that you can make sure you phone is plugged in during the update and so as not to tie up your phone for a few minutes if you need it . usually you should install an update as soon as it is convenient to do so .
phone updates are an odd thing . manufacturers decide if the phone is capable of handling the update ( based on the device 's hardware ) and carriers decide when to push the updates to the handsets . there are exceptions , such as wifi only devices , where it is solely up to the manufacturer . however , system updates are generally a good thing . these updates bring bug fixes , security patches , and general improvements to the android experience . there have been some bad updates , that have broke existing features ; but these have been fixed within a few days and are few and far between on recent devices . but how to decide ? if you are hesitant at all to install the update , do some searching for the device and update . technology sites such as gizmodo and engadget post updates to many devices , especially if the update introduces problems . there are also many android specific blogs that post information of patches and updates . if no one is reporting problems then the update should be fine to install .
about the lagging : please update your software to the latest supported by samsung . after updating my samsung galaxy s to version 2.2.1 , my phone was much , much and i do mean much smoother than before .
regarding your first 2 questions ( reboot / suspend ) : no this is not normal , however , as a lot of software from a lot of different vendors are running on your phone , it is inevitable that under certain conditions certain apps can cause your phone to " crash " . in an ideal world , no piece of software should be able to crash the underlying os and the phone , however , most likely , difficult to reproduce bugs with the underlying android os can lead to phone reboots . regarding the lag . there is a known issue with the samsung galaxy s and the " lagging " . checkout the links below for more info on the actual issue , and some fixes ( all require rooting your phone unfortunately ) . updating the android version to > 2.1 does not seem to resolve the issue . samsung is aware of this issue , but does not seem to have any plans in fixing it ( probably focusing on their new flagship phone ) . it is an outrage that users need to resort to all kinds of hacks on their 500$ phone to get it running properly . http://crave.cnet.co.uk/mobiles/how-to-speed-up-your-samsung-galaxy-s-with-the-voodoo-lag-fix-50002228/ http://www.groovypost.com/howto/mobile/most-common-lag-fixes-for-samsung-galaxy-s-captivate-vibrant-fascinate-epic-4g/
the lag issues are caused by samsung 's modifications to the offical android release , nothing to do with android itself or the capabilities of the phone . for reference , i have owned an sgs for 9 months now and have got it to the point of being basically perfect . the hardware capabilities of this phone are amazing . however , the default sgs software is without a doubt terrible . the above answer is very good at addressing your specific concerns , but my advice is to do away with the standard samsung rom and replace it with darky 's rom which has all of the above answers already implemented , as well as a host of other speed and usability improvements , including integrating a large part of the gingerbread ui which is very nice . version 9.5 would be my recommendation , which is based on the official froyo release and is proven to be very stable . i recommend you erase all caches and apps off your phone and start afresh - it helps avoid some minor niggles you can have with apps that were installed on a previous version . full and clear instructions are available in the forum section of the linked page . with this rom , i have no fcs and no lag at all , but some of the problems you mention ( eg - flac compatibility may fit into this category ) are app specific and can only be fixed with updated applications . bear in mind that the official gingerbread update should be released by samsung in the coming weeks , but based on their previous efforts im still likely to stick with the derived darky 's rom 10 . x when it comes out of beta .
android does not have a default memo application , but most android app stores their database in /data/data/PACKAGE_NAME/databases/ . some applications write their data to the sdcard instead , so you might want to check that as well .
i installed xprivacy on my rooted device and disallowed the app "10003 contacts " all privileges but some : contacts-> " contacts/contacts " contactsprovider2 android . intent . action . view that seems to be the only needed privileges
you can download picassa , for example , which only imports photos . i find it very convenient for importing , browsing and minor adjustments to photos .
i have the same problem suddenly with uk keyboard quertyuiop . nexus 4 latest android . the solution was to power down the phone and start again . all back to normal now .
use hacker 's keyboard instead it is the best i have used .
possibility 1 ( worst case scenario ) - since you are not the original owner , you do not know what the previous owner did . in that case it can happen that he/she might have had experimented a bit and formatted the nand or the phone malfunctioned and somehow the nand got formatted i.e. full clean no bios ( download mode as in android ) . in this case , your phone is bricked . you can possibly bring it back if you have experience with rooting , custom rom flashing all that stuff . plus you will need the restore bootloader file for the nexus . i had experimented this : nand formatting on my galaxy s3 showed the same behaviour . go to the xda-forums and search . if you do not have any experience and do not know what i am talking about , i would suggest taking the phone to a service center . possibility 2 ( good scenario compared to the previous one ) - battery is dead since the nexus 's battery is inaccessible : the same solution here , also take it to a service centre .
it sounds like your nexus may not be getting enough power . check out this related article ( for nexus 7 ) that sounds like your problem : since you are not the original owner , and not under any warranty , perhaps you had like to try some diy work . in this case , check out this article . good luck ! i hope this can help you .
the original link is dead . i pulled this short guide from way back machine , copied here : with the first few official pre-alpha builds of cyanogenmod 7 being released , it’s worth noting that a new feature has been included that allows you to change the hostname on your device from the settings menu . if you have a supported device , you can get the nightly builds from the teamdouche mirror system . once you’ve flashed ( i take no responsibility if you break something – make sure to read up on issues/pitfalls/requirements before flashing ) , open the settings menu , then choose applications , then development , and select device hostname at the bottom . this setting persists between reboots and rom upgrades ( unless you wipe ) . warning : i accept no responsibility if you brick your phone while doing this . i ditched my iphone due to problems my local provider was having and got an htc dream instead . i promptly rooted it using the cyanogen mod , but noticed that by default , android reports the hostname as ‘localhost’ . i don’t really like this , so i set about finding an easy way to change it . first off , even rooted , the / partition is mounted read-only when you boot normally , so you need to boot to recovery mode ( home+power ) . in the recovery menu , choose to boot to console . from there , browse to /system/etc/init . d . important : make a backup of ’05userinit’ before continuing ! you can do this by simply running the following command – ‘cp 05userinit /05userinit’ ( without quotes ) . this will create a copy of it in the / directory . if you screw up your editing , you can just rm the messed up version and cp the backup back in . to add the command to set the host name , we’re simply going to echo in the following two lines : echo &gt;&gt; 05userinit echo hostname NEWHOSTNAME &gt;&gt; 05userinit  note that there are two spaces after the first ‘echo’ command . this creates a blank line at the end of the file . the second echo adds the hostname command . this way , whenever your phone boots , the hostname is set . also , be sure to use two greater-than signs ( &gt ; ) , as that appends – if you only use one , it overwrites the contents of the file . make sure the edits are correct by typing ‘tail 05userinit’ – as long as it isn’t blank , and there’s more than just the hostname line , you’re golden . reboot the phone by typing ‘reboot’ at the prompt and hitting ‘enter’ , and you’re done . once you’ve booted back up , open up your terminal emulator of choice and type ‘hostname’ ( by itself , no parameters ) – it should echo out whatever hostname you specified . update ( april 6th , 2010 ) : to change your hostname on cyanogen 5 . x , add the following line to the bottom of /system/etc/init . d/01sysctl — and make sure you make a backup of 01sysctl before editing it ! echo NEWHOSTNAME &gt; /proc/sys/kernel/hostname 
your device is currently in either : ( non-samsung ) fastboot mode or . . . ( samsung ) download mode . in this case , because you are not actively transferring files , you should be able to safely reboot it .
adb backup archives are a " all or nothing " solution when it comes to restore – which is what the " unsafe warning " is about . considering your circumstances , here are a few points to consider : do one " full backup " excluding your system apps cannot hurt , so you could restore that as-is . note , hoever , that this most likely also excludes data of system apps , which might include apns , contacts , calendars , etc . use e.g. helium backup ( no root required ) to create adb compatible backups of all your apps separately , so you can restore them separately . this can of course also be done on the command line ( specifying the package names ) , but this app makes it much more comfortable . create a full adb backup nevertheless , including everything ( except -shared , as data from your ( internal ) sdcard can be copied on file-level using any file manager ) . though you probably might not wish to directly restore it , you might still have use for it considering you are after rooting in the first place , here 's the background for my recommendations : if you succeed rooting your device , and have no side effects , all the above backups just gave you a " good feeling " , and you have no current need for them . but hey , it did not hurt ; could well be one of the following things happened : if you succeeded rooting , but had to factory-reset the device due to some side-effects , you could either use helium ( or adb restore ) to restore selected apps from their separate archives , or use adb restore to restore all of your user-space-apps in one run . but you could also use titanium backup to extract selected apps/data from the complete backup , and also restore some system data that way . if rooting failed , and you have to factory-reset your device , you at least can restore your user-space-apps and their data from that archive , or chose to only restore selected apps as described above . as for the size of 22 mb : that could be fine , or could be too small – depending on what apps you have installed , and how much data they have ; there are no absolutes for " user-apps-only " backups ( except of course for 0 byte files when you have at least 1 app installed ) .
you can try to use sony 's own update service . it is very easy to use , and you can chose the android version you wish to install if i am remembering it right .
here is a forum post , the op has a similar problem to the one you have : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2151177 he said that he just flashed his device with the stock firmware and it fixed the problem , so it is worth a try . here is the flash tool : http://androxyde.github.com 4.1 . b . 0.587 firmware ftf file : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=33295129
i had this issue in the past with my samsung galaxy s vibrant . what i did , and it solved my problem was : go in to Settings -> Accounts &amp; Sync select the gmail account with issue turn off sync for gmail turn back on sync for gmail if this does not fully solve the issue , but it did for me , try the following : go in to Settings -> Applications -> Manage Applications select the all tab find the gmail application and select it click on clear data and clear cache if you have multiple accounts on the device , it may remove them from accounts and sync . at the very least , you will have to go back to accounts and sync to re-enable gmail sync . it really is not that big of a deal to clear the gmail data because it is all constantly sync'd with the google servers . it will clear out any gmail app settings you have set , like your signature on your phone if you set one .
i am afraid not . there is an official 2.3.6 upgrade available , but it is not available using android 's over-the-air ( ota ) update system , so you have to use samsung kies on a pc to flash it to the phone . there are also unofficial 4.1.2 upgrades available , but similarly , you need kies to flash the phone .
although some have reported it as a bug , apparently the away status only appears after 10 minutes of idle time ( defined as no use and the screen shutting off ) .
unfortunately without actually testing these scenarios i cannot provide a definite answer but i can confirm that the feature works . it may take time before gmail or google talk are updated with your " away " status . the feature may not work on lock screen activation . . . but on idle time . personally this would be a smarter way of doing it . just because i have locked my phone does not mean i am away . on the other hand if i have not used the phone for more than 5 minutes then mark me as away/inactive . best thing i can recommend is you play around with these two scenarios above . lock the phone and monitor your status on someone else 's computer . if you find something interesting post the results back : )
i would not recommend using a rom that was not built to go with your specific device . if you use a rom that does not go with your device , even if the rom goes with your device on a different carrier , you risk bricking the device . make sure that your device specs match exactly to the rom specs . rule of thumb when it comes to roms : close only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades .
technically , ics can be put in samsung galaxy y duos s6102b . unfortunately , a ready-made rom featuring ics for the device is not available yet . so , unless you are a rom cooker and developer , you can not do this .
there is another style of app that simply keeps the gps working non-stop or more regularly . the android system , unlike ce and systems used in various gps only units , has a feature of letting the gps go back to sleep until needed . or we could reverse that and say that it only wakes it up as needed . this can save a lot of power ( a lot more in the early years of these devices ) . if you can keep the gps reciever awake and continually polling the sattalites , any time you actually need this data , it will be working , it will be gathering data from many sattalites and the accuracy of a single quick poll of the location will be much better . again only because the gps receiver is running non-stop . ( not too special , but it is a method ) one app of this style is " tracker booster " , also " gps status " ( a real status program ) has both methods possible ( agps and keep alive ) . many car dock and car home type apps , will apply the " keep polling " the gps method . plus any app that simply needs to use the gps data , speed widgets , speedometers , location tools . anything that keeps the gps awake and going . when is a location not a good location :- ) quick polls of the sat data from the gps only expect there to be a " lock " which only requires 2 sats for 2d and 3 sats for 3d positioning . but this position is not hugely accurate . given enough time running , the gps can lock onto more like 8-20 sats ( in the us ) and aquire a positioning that is within 9 meters ( thats about max from what i have seen ) . add in some averaging ( multiple polls same location ) a full fix , clear view of the sky i can confirm my location within about a 10 feet area . the claims of this style of apps to be more accurate , and faster fixes , is achieved by keeping the gps awake , that is all . when hiking , gps tracking , gps cache hunting , or car navigating , most applications already keep the gps running non-stop , but not all of them , and not for all situations . if an app is pushed to the background and has no settings for keeping the gps alive , when it comes back on the accuracy will suffer some for a while . serious gpsers will employ such a method to . . . keep the gps alive , which does help . in this different method , agps assistance can still be employed to gain a faster first fix . if your device has no data connection of any sort , and the gps software does not fail when agps is not loaded , keeping the gps going will keep a good fix on the sats going , agps at that point is unnessisary . both types of programs show up in the store , often with very poor explaination of the functions , so it helps to know what method ( s ) is employed .
one of the apps you have a picture of , the venerable gps status and toolbox , describes this claim in the app description : keep your gps fast : reset it or download a-gps data regularly for faster fixes wikipedia does a great job defining the basic concepts behind assisted-gps : standalone gps provides first position in approximately 30–40 seconds . a standalone gps system needs orbital information of the satellites to calculate the current position . the data rate of the satellite signal is only 50 bit/s , so downloading orbital information like ephemeris and almanac directly from satellites typically takes a long time , and if the satellite signals are lost during the acquisition of this information , it is discarded and the standalone system has to start from scratch . in agps , the network operator deploys an agps server . these agps servers download the orbital information from the satellite and store it in the database . an agps capable device can connect to these servers and download this information using mobile network radio bearers such as gsm , cdma , wcdma , lte or even using other wireless radio bearers such as wi-fi . usually the data rate of these bearers is high , hence downloading orbital information takes less time . if your phone 's a-gps cache is corrupt or stale , forcing a refresh can be beneficial . normally , android does in fact take care of maintaining this cache automatically . i have personally only used this app to help diagnose and solve gps problems , something it does very well . in normal usage i would not bother with the a-gps cache until you find it needs intervention .
maybe it is a matter of permissions which are necessary for ethernet but not for wifi . applications which do not work anymore might not have those permissions . check them !
i might not right at this time but you may use another home screen called "Launcher Pro" free version . in the setting there is an option to hide the system bar(Notification bar) . you can try it out if you like the home screen . though i like it better than stock home screen . hope it will some how help you .
it is not intended to hide the system bar ( combined soft button/notification bar ) on tablets . imagine the bar is hidden and the app you are currently using does not offer an option to exit . -> your are stuck within this app . some custom roms offer the option to hide the bar . general option would be to use some third-party-apps like hide bottom bar or full ! screen which can disable the bar somehow . unfortunately these apps require root .
is a third-party mail client a possibility ? if yes , i would recommend k-9 mail , works great for me . and yes , it supports changing account colors .
too bad you can not ; the network specs are ; 2g : gsm 900 , gsm 1800 , that does not mean it has something to do with the software used or os , its network adapter can only support 2g network . that said , it does not mean you should not try some apps . here are some you can give a shot at ; 2g/3g , network conversion , network change . . . some may work and others may not . you could also get a 3g modem to work this out for you . some applications will show you that the network is changed to 3g , i would not buy that though . get some ways of testing your network speed after installing an app just to make sure . let me know when it works . glad to help .
according to the specs you linked , this tablet does not support 3g mobile networks , only gsm . to enable the mobile network features , you need to buy a 3g usb dongle and connect it to the tablet .
for ics and later : settings lock screen screen security owner info , here is where a note is entered this part is a bit confusing as there is no save etc , so just enter something , and back out , you will not lose what you typed , keep backing out until back on home screen . next time screen lock kicks in or press power button to lock it , a note will appear . but having said that , if the phone is lost , whoever will pick it up will more than likely ignore it !
set wi-fi sleep policy to " never " for android 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) and later : 1 ) navigate to menu > settings > wifi and select the menu button again . 2 ) select options , advanced 3 ) set “keep wifi on during sleep” to “always”
a workaround would be to trigger the desktop version of the site you are looking at . after the page refreshes , you should see more options for the youtube video .
i had a similar problem but on another device , though try if it can fix your problem this is the what i did : i opened the terminal emulator and typed : $ su # logcat  then i held ' volume down ' ( a . k.a. ctrl ) and ' c ' to stop the output . i scrolled a bit up in the output and found a line that said : ok , so this is where it is breaking . i was not really interested in finding out what should the proper combination of ownership/permissions for the file as i did not really trust it would end just here , downgrading database version offers a range of situations that can go wrong . and since i do not really care for my past alarm clock times , i got rid of the old database : # cd /data/data/com.android.deskclock/databases # mv alarms.db alarms.db.bak  otherwise at the time i looked out for this problem the only other solution i saw was to wipe and restore my phone . if you do so , do not forget to backup all your data first ! good luck , i hope it helped you or someone .
after db deletions , cache and dalvic cache clearing , Silent mode was the culprit .
make sure your phone is not on silent ! i had the same problem until i realized that i was using the profile silent and for some reason this did not allow me to set the alarm . after changing to default profile the problem was fixed .
so finally i was able to fix this weirdo . since this answer doesnt really tell what was causing this . i will remark any further answers if they can tell what was the problem i will just describe what i did . root your device install clean master give it the root access ( it will ask itself ) remove all bloatware run cleaning routines hope that it helped you
see this link for the general idea . for verification , do the following steps : connect db9 to your host ( pc ) &lt ; ------> panda board ( target ) . you need to connect with minicom and mini usb for adb shell . pc$ sudo minicom you should have adb shell for the android sdk . pc$ export path=$path://android-sdk-linux/platform-tools reboot the panda board . pc$ adb devices # to check the device is connected or not pc$ adb reboot # to reboot on minicom terminal , you will get logs of the reboot . at the end , it will ask you to hit a key to stop auto boot . this will tell you if the device is getting the image or not . if you want to boot manuually by using u-boot terminal , press key so you will get u-boot terminal .  hardware_name# bootm  this will help you a little bit .
it looks like someone sent htc an email back in july and got the following response : i understand you want to know which speed is the best for your device as far as sd card is concerned . we have tested the devices on a class 4 speed . i could not recommend anything higher than that . the phone may be capable of running a higher-class speed , but we have only tested it on a class 4 . you may also want to email htc support and see what they officially say . from i have been reading , people have been using class 6 just fine . not sure about 8 or 10 .
hint : just try the combination with the other volume button if you enter the wrong mode ( that is what i do because i cannot remember the button trick either and do trial and error every other time i need this . launch your software , prepare the ftf for flashing and only then do the following to enter flash mode : switch off the phone ( remove battery maybe ) press the volume down button and hold it ( while holding ) plug in the usb cable if successful , the led should turn green just for the record , to enter fastboot mode : switch off the phone ( remove battery maybe ) press the volume up button and hold it ( while holding ) plug in the usb cable if successful , the led should turn blue if i mixed something up , please correct me .
samsung galaxy player 4.0 is not actually a phone per se , so it is hard to use it as such ( without some help at least ) : any of the following solutions answers your question the way you intended it to be answered , but this is the result of a deep investigation and testing that might help you or help others in the future . 1 ) just like a bluetooth handset : with a fair amount of limitations , you can pair the galaxy player to your smartphone just like pairing a bluetooth headset : turn on bluetooth on both devices , make the galaxy player discoverable , and scan with the phone . once the devices recognized each other and got paired , the player shows up connected to the phone . when a call gets to the smartphone , the galaxy player will ring as well . the screen does look just like the incoming call screen on a smartphone , providing an option to answer or decline the call . initiating a call from the smartphone , will automatically activate the galaxy player , just like it would with a bluetooth headset . if the galaxy player and your smartphone are close together , lets say it the same room , the call has a good quality , just like if you were talking on your phone . the power consumption for this solution is very low , so its a thumbs up as well . sadly , the contacts list on the galaxy player will do you no good , since it actually can not initialize any calls . 2 ) using wifi : one tested alternative with a very lost cost can be signing up with a service that directs texts and/or calls to the galaxy player . e.g. , google voice , see the international calling rates the only drawback using any service like google voice on the galaxy player is that you can only receive/send text messages and calls when connected to wi-fi , unlike a normal phone . google voice is a feature-rich call forwarding service . you get one phone number that will ring all of your phones ( cell or landline ) . with it , you can receive voicemails and text messages ( no multimedia messages/mms , though ) . being a part of your google account , you have access to all of your messages ; call logs and more . google voice @ google play 3 ) using voip signing up with a service with a voip solution , it is possible to make actual calls from the galaxy player ( or any device with speaker and microphone ) . e.g. , line2 , see the plans comparison this service does not get you stuck to a contract , extra fees or a period of time . so , if a better solution appear in the future , you can stop using it immediately .
try network speed https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=netspeed.pt it logs all your data along with its type . obviously it will not log your location . i use it everytime . its size is just 43 kb and is free . give it a try .
well if you want to see the log data on android besis on location , there is an app for this which is named as geolog . you can read more about app here http://topbestfreeapps.com/save-sensors-data-of-android-device-with-geolog-app/
i think that the network data you need is available through logcat . view the network buffer on your phone using either alogcat ( android 4.0 and earlier ) or adb ( any , but required for android 4.1 and later ) . i had to use this statement in adb : adb logcat -b radio GsmSST:D *:S  the resulting list included log entries like the one below : D/GsmSST ( 707): [GsmSST] handlPollStateResultMessage: GsmSST setDataRegState=0 regState=1 dataRadioTechnology=9  this is from a galaxy nexus which is gsm - if your phone is cdma it will look very different and will need a different adb command . note the dataRadioTechnologyportion . do a little testing to work out what the numbers mean ( my google-foo is not working well enough to find the answer online ) . then , all you need to do is track your location using whatever method you like . correlate the logcat output with your location logs using timestamps and see what you get !
sort of a side-ways answer here : do you have the android / eclipse development environment set up ? i do not have a specific answer , but viewing the log files in verbose mode with no filters on will show you almost everything the phone is doing ( . . . or at least what the programmers have chosen to note in the log files . we programmers are often lazy and forget to turn the logs off after we are done debugging . ) so at the very least , the logs may reveal which radio / connectivity services are active . and from there , you might find via google some info about any interfaces they expose . watching the log files reveals a ton of interesting things .
settings> data usage logs all network traffic , available from jelly bean
i use stats free app . it not only shows you data transferred via gprs/hsdpa and wifi ( separately ) . it even shows you calls and message logs .
i do not think it logs location but i think it does most of everything else you are looking for : network log i use it every now and then to monitor net traffic and it works really well .
enter su first . > su > ls /data make sure your device is rooted .
you could try using the android device manager if your phone is linked to your google account . it can track down your phone but you may not be able to erase the contents due to you need to allow that beforehand .
yes there is . when the community discovered this feature in android 4.1 ( the code was exist but has not been declared yet so google did not open the feature in settings ) , i remember playing with this in my nexus 4 . so , here are some commands that i remember for the android terminal : create new user : " pm create-user user_name " . to switch between users : " am switch-user user_id " . to get the list of all the users : " pm list-users " . to delete a user : " pm remove-user user_id " . hop this helps .
you are stuck with this . this is the way clockworkmod recovery works . i did a search and the devs on xda say if you dont like it unroot your phone . it is indeed a nuisance since powered off chargin charges faster . though , oh well !
put your phone into airplane mode before going to sleep .
after installing new rom did you setup the apn for your network ? if the custom rom does not have the settings for your network your mms wont ' work . for sms it needs correct message center number which in most cases is automatically provided by network .
not sure which rom you are looking for - but have you checked out the available roms on xda developers ? also suggest you check out this guide at modaco for how to flash/unbrick your phone .
as far as i am aware , android basically just does not work this way . you can turn off the screen ( "sleep " mode ) and put it into airplane mode for some extra battery saving , but there is no " standby " equivalent like on a laptop . the processor should underclock itself when you do this , too ( how much probably depends on the device ) . and , as lie ryan points out in the comments , for phones this is largely due to the fact that a call could come at any time . i would guess honeycomb 's behavior is essentially a hold-over from that since it is easier than rewriting it . that being said , if you just want a book reader , you might consider something like a nook color . the iconia is really a full-fledged tablet pc ( though running android ) , but something designed specifically for e-reading will probably offer better battery life .
with android 's gingerbread builds , it was built using the java 1.4 components , ics and later are built using java 1.5+ . nokia uses symbian specific java midlets and jar 's written using java 1.2 or 1.3 me edition . and from the tutorial linky , there is no mention of specifically running nokia 's apps on it . rather , the impression i get , is java agnostic jad/jars/midlets not tied to any platform . in your case , nokia apps are specifically for nokia which i guess is why it failed .
j2me runner netmite has probably fixed their website and since then no corrupted files have come out . i just made a uc browser cloud version from them and it works on jelly bean , however there is problems ; the internet connection is not establishing at all , and the original apk app runner does not open at all . ( there are two apps in one apk . . the app explorer opens with uc web . but the original app does not open ) the error log is specific : permissions denied : Android. intent. broadcast. action. PROXY_CHANGE from pid****uid***** from what i see , android security systems changed to block this intent . i tried converting it to system app , but no use . i think you have to run as root . . not sure how though . update : sorry , it looks like it was my firewall blocking it , and i have fixed the issue . uc web is running fully on my htc a310e ( cyanogenmod ) and it is much better than jbed .
there is a working one called phoneme . it was written for android 2.1-2.2 , so do not expect it to be stable . here 's download link : http://davy.preuveneers.be/phoneme/?q=node/10 also , emulator does not appear to like paths with spaces and to run jar files directly , so you need to make a jad file . sorry for my bad english .
cloning a sim card is not what you think it is . apart from the simple contacts information , the only thing stored on it is a code which identifies your phone to your carrier . it is like a user id , which the carrier can use to look up which plan you are on and what phone number you should have . although cloning a sim card is possible , it is not something you want to do as a customer . it is a technique used by crackers to impersonate another user to the phone network , in order to illicitly receive their phone calls . it may be illegal where you live . think of the sim card like a credit card . it belongs to the carrier : they just lend it to you for the purpose of using their service . if your bank sends you a new card , or you change bank , you do not " clone " your old card onto your new one : you just use the new card . and , just like a bank card , if your carrier did not send you the new card as a replacement for the old one , then it refers to a completely different account . if you simply want to move your old phone number to your new phone , you need to contact your ( old ) carrier to do this .
other users ' address books are not synced with your g+ profile afaik . your friends would have to either manually update their google account contacts on the web or manually update their address book on their phone . either way , if sync is turned on for that account on a friend 's phone , updating the one will update the other .
your numbers are not synced to google contacts . your friends need to install the official google+ app in order to see your numbers .
for certain devices , such as the nexus 7 , that is not possible because the stock rom unifies /data and what would normally be used as an sd card with fuse mounts . if the restore program erased the /data partition , it would wipe out the backup because it is stored within /data . for example , with twrp it would be at /data/media/0/TWRP/BACKUPS/(deviceSerial)/ in a subdirectory of one 's choosing , but by default is composed of yyyy-mm-dd-hh-mm-ss ( buildid ) when the backup was started , for example "2013-12-28-14-12-18 kot49h " . what i think twrp will attempt to do on a restore is to recursively unlink ( 2 ) /rmdir ( 2 ) everything except the twrp directory tree . when i did a restore , it printed a message about wiping /data . it very well could depend on which recovery you use too . twrp might have a different way than cwm , which may be different from cot and so on . it might also depend on whether the device has an sd card slot or not ( a nexus 7 does not ) .
i tested this , and your concern is valid . i added a dummy file to /system and then did a nandroid restore . the dummy file survived . repeated the same test on /data with same result . so i do not know why cwm does not wipe those partitions first . the cwm author probably made an assumption it does not matter or there may be a valid reason they do not get wiped .
usually a nand restore will overwrite the partitions it restores completely . everything currently on the partition will be overwritten , and the exact same state from the backup will be restored . so wiping before restoring is not really necessary , as it will be completely overwritten anyway . instead it is usually recommended to wipe cache partitions ( including dalvik cache ) after the nand backup is restored to make sure that the restored state can be recovered correctly ( and is not affected by cache issues ) .
i believe you backed up from recovery , correct ? if that is the case , then the backup should contain everything that was on your phone before the backup -- apps , saved games , etc . so restoring the backup should have restored angry birds and its save data , as long as that was present before the backup . titanium can back up the app , the app 's data , or both . it does require root . non-root users have to deal with recovery backups , which are not as flexible since you can not restore only bits and pieces -- it is all or nothing . of course , the sd card is easy to back up ( plug it into a computer ) and some apps may allow you to export data . you had have to ask rovio why they chose not to use a database , but i would guess it is because the save data is so simple . if you open the file it is almost human-readable text . even easier to back up than a database .
you can bypass the sim card requirement by playing with the boot options : load boot menu by holding the volume down button while starting the phone . press the volume down button until the option " boot android ( no bp ) " appears at the top of the screen . press the volume up button to select this option . on load , the phone will bypass the no sim card screen next , you can either register for a motoblur account or skip it by entering the following keys into the virtual keyboard ( press and hold the menu key to bring up the keyboard ) : ? 123 alt abc e ? 123 alt abc e b l u r o f f luckily , this process only needs to be performed once . it looks like the phone remembers this boot option for next time : ) thanks to xda for the motoblur bypass steps !
you cannot grant su to any normal file manager . the application has to " request " su . that is where applications like root explorer come in . afaik , astro file manager does not even make use of su . if it does , some one tell me how because i like that file manager , and will use it for my " root " tasks .
i am not sure how you had do that with the built-in file manager , but there are several file managers that will work . i use root explorer , and i have heard many other recommend astro file manager ( which has a free version , i believe ) . they should work if you have the superuser app installed ( i would assume it comes with cm , but it is in the market if not ) .
i think that cwm is not able to detect sd-ext because it is not mounted as"/sd-ext " but instead as "/data/sd-ext " by link2sd . but i do not know in detail abot android working i cant fix it .
a possible solution is described e.g. in this modaco forum thread . in case of that user , the sd-ext partition got corrupted as it was mounted wrongly by the android system ( he used gparted to create his partitions which , regardless of the filesystem created ( ext2/3/4 , fat32 ) , then were mounted as ext4 ) . so what he basically did : he factory reset the phone , deleted the partitions on sdcard , recreated them on phone ( i.e. . not with the card mounted to any pc , but directly on the phone , using cwms options as far as i understood ) . i did not try that solution myself , as i am not affected by the problem .
my suspicion that rom manager does not support sd-ext backup is quite confirmed with my experience . while looking for alternatives , i understood that there are these three recoveries available : clockwork mod recovery ( cwm ) amon ra recovery teamwin recovery ( twrp ) i tried the twrp 2.2.2.1 from its xda thread and i am glad to inform that it did back up my ext3 partition . other than this benefit , i have a touch interface which is much easier in par with cmw 's user interface .
looked at it further . see if these instructions are clearer : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1981107
simply go to the handset service menu and check the total call timer . simple and easy .
the galaxy s plus ( i9001 ) needs an external power source to have a working usb otg . see this link on xda for more information ( it is for the i9000 , but does also apply ) . according to gsmarena 's spec ( usb : yes , microusb v2.0 ) the i9001 firmware does not originally support usb-otg ( compare the s3 's spec , but 3rd party firmware added this later on . it does however not function without external 5v power .
for quick access to your email address i agree with lie ryan , entering it into your user dictionary will bring it up as an auto suggestion as you type , however i would not do this for more sensitive information . for a more secure and even faster method i would recommend using dolphin browser hd with the lastpass plugin . lastpass lets you securely save user login and password info , as well as different profiles with addresses and credit card numbers . with this setup you can fill out a whole form with one click . if you do not use dolphin browser you can accomplish the same thing with the auto-fill bookmarklets that lastpass offers .
you might be interested in my answer on this question application to switch among multiple running applications additionally , smart keyboard pro does text macros .
i would put it into the keyboard 's user dictionary . there are a few clipboard/snippet manager application , you might be interested if you need to store longer texts : clipper text snippet lite ime
you can use a custom lock screen . just pick the one that you like
eduardo you are right , there is already a way to do this with the standard messaging app . you have to disable the " group messaging " setting in the messaging app . not sure if this setting is available on all versions of android but i have v4.4.2
sms and mms are 1 to 1 messages . doing what you want it is standard . just send the message using the standard sms client . it is lets you send to multiple recipients , but it sends a individual message to each .
a developer has to call su within the application . once it calls that , and the user has granted permission to use su , then they run commands in the shell that has root permissions . in a way , system apps have " special " permissions but not root like an app would get by calling su . they have the permissions that android grants system applications .
once upon a time , there is a walled city with a large , closed gate bound by magical lock that can only be opened with a magical sword . according to the cityfolk 's traditions , anyone who brings the magic sword and unlocked the magical gate is destined to be the lord of the city . one day , a young hero comes to the city , bringing with him the magical sword he took from the root of the yggdrasil tree . he tapped the sword lightly on the door , and immediately the magical gate unlocked itself and peered open . the cityfolks cheered , and as per their tradition , they anointed the young hero as the city 's lord . as a city lord , there are many tasks he had to do , one of which is to ensure the security of his people , especially now that the gate is open and bandits and thieves may attempt to enter the city and rob the cityfolks ' of their belongings . to ensure the peaceful days of the cityfolks , the wise lord hired a trusted su manager to guard the gate ; dutifully , the su manager enters the city , and he closed the gate behind him , and he put a lock that only he can open , then he creates a big door knob for strangers to knock the gate , a small hole on the door where he can peek outside and look at the strangers , then asks the city 's lord whether or not to allow strangers in . in eternity , the wise lord ruled the city for a long time and the cityfolks lives happily ever after .
which actual files delegate permissions ? there is typically a " superuser " application that is included in rooting processes . this application is the gatekeeper/controller of which applications get root access . any time an application asks for root access , this application will pop up and ask you to either approve or deny the request . are all system apps given root permissions at startup ? as far as i know , everything must go through the " superuser " app .
i have been hunting for an answer for this myself , and information has been really elusive . but between other answers and questions here , and reading the superuser blog , i think i have been able to piece together how it works . in a standard *nix system , su checks if the user is authorized to become root ( on some systems , everyone is ; on others , they have to be a member of group wheel or something ) , prompts for the root password , and then grants root access . on a rooted android , what seems to be happening is that superuser comes with a custom version of su that figures out what app invoked it , then checks the superuser access database for whether or not that app is permitted to become root . if it is , then it makes the jump to root . if not , it spawns the authorization ui .
this is indeed possible by downloading the zip file for the new version ( e . g . using the cm updater without installing it after downloading it ) . afterwards the device needs to be rebooted into recovery . the cm update zip can be found in the cmupdater folder on the sd card ( when downloaded using the updater ) and installed using the " install zip " option ( in cwm , might be named differently in twrp ) . when the cm zip is installed , the kernel zip can be installed using the same method . while a data wipe is usually not necessary , it is a good idea to wipe both cache and dalvik cache before rebooting .
messaging > menu ( bottom left button ) > settings > notification settings > uncheck vibrate
when your phone is in hotspot mode , it will only use your mobile data . you will need to remember to switch the hotspot off when you have wifi available . you might be able to script the shutting down of the hotspot with tasker or locale , but i am not sure if the " wifi near " function would work when in hotspot mode ( a good topic for its own question ) . your nexus 7 will tend to connect to the strongest signal available , and then stay connected to that network until it loses the connection . when you turn off the hotspot on your nexus 4 , the tablet should auto-connect to an available wifi network .
you can find creation mode in s4 mini by following this sequence : open messaging . press to the left of home button to open message setting options , and select settings at the bottom of the list . scroll down to mms settings - creation mode is there , it has ' restricted ' ' warning ' and ' free ' . as far as i can determine , your downloads or screenshots which are saved as .png will still be .png , and therefore other devices may be unable to open or view those files , but you can at least send them . i am going to send to another galaxy device to see if it can view them , worth experimenting .
there is no real solution -- but depending on how much this annoys you , a work-around is available : install appbrain app market . you can think of this app as an " alternate frontend " to the google playstore ( and yes , it is no stand-alone market , as all updates/installs are re-routed to the playstore-app ) . log-in to the appbrain website with your browser and your google-account to initialize your account with appbrain now login with the appbrain app you installed , and synchronize your installed apps . appbrain now shows you available updates to your apps . you can run them in a batch , or one by one , or can decide one by one whether you want to skip just this update , or skip this ( and all future ) updates to this app -- so it will not annoy you with updates you are not interested in . start the playstore app again , go to your apps list , open the settings , disable all update checks , updates , etc . , and close it again . now the original playstore will not ever notify you about any update whatsoever . instead , you use the appbrain app for updates . when looking for some new app , you can chose to use either of them . you might also decide to install the appbrain ad detector along , and then probably will use the appbrain app only -- as it helps you avoiding apps with excessive ads .
android studio contains adb in folder android-studio\sdk\platform-tools it is possible to add to path in windows and use terminal inside android studio only by command : " adb shell " and after use " su " get root shell . locate android studio platform tools folder ( eg : c:\android-studio\sdk\platform-tools ) open enviroment variables in windows ( http://www.computerhope.com/issues/ch000549.htm ) add platform tools to end of path ( eg : ; c:\android-studio\sdk\platform-tools ) reopen android studio use terminal with command : " adb shell " older windows will maybe need reboot after change path variables .
menu > settings> apps> running application> find xperia keyboard > settings ( xperia keyboard ) > text input settings> my words , . . choose the word you want to delete or edit , , . . thats the step that i learned so far , . , hope helps . .
do not wipe everything . it is possible to delete individual words . i have the experia t , i and have just done this : open a text click to reply so the keyboard pops up press the 12 ! ? button down-left corner go across to the right , and click on the spanner icon go in to my words hold your finger down on a word , and down the right of the screen will pop up a box next to each word ticking the boxes of the ones you do not want hit delete , and they all magically disappear .
goto settings> applications> ( select all ) > goto user dictionary/message extention/ anything having dictionary or with the envelop logo . go there and press clear data . and u r done
best answer i have found so far : you could try clearing all data from the keyboard . Menu&gt;Settings&gt;Applications&gt;Running Applications then tap All . scroll down and find Internation Keyboard ( if thats the one you are using ) and Clear Data . source : sony ericsson support forum of course , it will also set the keyboard to the original settings . anyway , i would like to find a way to remove some misspellings and not all the learned words , so if somebody knows how to do it , i will be glad to hear from it .
i had a similar issue when trying to run cm9 and cm10.1 on my sensation xl . to bypass the cache issue , i added this line to my build . prop file : dalvik.vm.dexopt-data-only=1 
some htc devices that are unlocked using htc-dev ( rather than actually gaining s-off ) required to manually flash the boot . img that you extract from the rom 's zip using fastboot . fastboot flash boot "c:\location\to\boot.img" 
apparently , " this is not a user-configurable option right now " . i am not sure if that is a general android problem , or a specific cyanogenmod one . totally clueless about why , of course .
this sounds like you are using pop3 to access your email . this does not sync read status back to the server . can you configure your email using imap ? take a look here and use these settings
also if your email subdivides your inbox into new and old mail , the phone reads both as inbox and will load everything in both folders as new mail to the phone . easiest thing to do is to create an alternate folder for those old mails you want to save and moving them in there . that way they will be removed from the inbox .
go in the email settings and remove the limit settings , just let them all load instead . i have done this and it works so far i do not get notifications for my older emails . joe
alternatively , you could use adb reboot recovery . if you do not have fastboot , this will be the only option . once you have rebooted into recovery , there will be four options : reboot system now apply update from sdcard wipe data/factory reset wipe cache partition press the - Volume Button twice and then press the power button . then go down seven times , since all the other options are ' no ' . if done right , your data should be wiped . if you want , wipe the cache partition too . then go up and reboot the system .
you can obtain the adb and fastboot utilities as part of the android software development kit ( or separately from third parties , but watch out for trojan binaries ) . if you install the sdk , you will need to install the platform tools and ( if using windows ) the usb driver for windows . once you have them , from whatever source , this is what you will do : reboot the phone to the bootloader ( fastboot ) : adb reboot bootloader  adb may not work if the phone has not previously been placed in usb debugging mode . in this case , boot the phone to fastboot mode by first powering it off , then powering it on by holding all three of the power , volume up and volume down keys at the same time for two seconds , then releasing all three keys , then touching volume down twice , then volume up once . check to see if the phone is in fastboot mode . if it does not show anything , wait a few seconds and try again : fastboot devices  wipe the user data/cache : fastboot -w 
the first step for any of these force close issues is to clear the cache and/or data from the problem app . whether it is the play store or youtube that is the problem is unclear ; you may end up doing both . open Settings Apps scroll down to the app you want and tap to open app info . ( if it is a system app ( without updates ) you may need to swipe left to " all " in order to find it . ) tap the clear cache button . if that does not work , return and tap clear data see also : app x isn&#39 ; t working correctly . how can i fix it ?
finally found a way to connect to internet on my xperia mini pro android mobile . go to settings ==> wireless and network settings ==> mobile networks ==> network mode its going to open another window with title as preferred network mode . now try to select wcdma only option . wait for 10 sec . we can see the network is getting reset and try to find the 3g signal . now open the same pop up again and select gsm ( edge or 2g ) connection . now again networking related stuff gets reset again . this is how i force my mobile to connect to internet .
from the main screen ( list of threads ) , long click on the thread and choose the option to " backup thread . " this will save the thread to your sd card as an xml file .
i changed my mind to use gravity screen - on/off . this app turns automatically your screen off when you put your phone into your pocket or onto a table and turn the screen on when you take it out or up . no need to touch any button and you are ready to go .
market version 3.3.11 now has a setting called " auto-update apps " . enabling it will effectively set each individual app associated with the account to auto-update , and disabling it will of course do the opposite . this setting is found by simply going into the market 's settings ( Menu Button-&gt;Settings on phones , or use the top-right action bar on honeycomb ) . you can read about the release here . it also has links that could help you sideload the update if it is not automatically available to you .
you could use a program like droidwall to block market 's internet access , this should keep it from installing/uninstalling programs .
there bitter truth is there is none option to switch all automatic updated off in one go . i solved my particular problem by rooting the phone . since no exploit is known for 2.3.4 i had to unlock the phone . this in turn meant that both amazon mp3 and google books stopped updating themselves . which is one way to solve the problem . still i removed the files using the following script : warning : this is script from the “if you can not understand it you should not be using it” category .
when in android market select my apps . u will see all the applications installed . select tha one u want to disable automatic updates . u will see a small checkbox at the bottom . uncheck it .
titanium backup ( root only ) has " market tools " . one of these tools is " market auto updates " which presents a list of all your apps with their checkboxes for auto-updates . you can sort the enabled apps to the top , and you can " deselect all " to disable automatic updating for all apps .
if you have titanium backup installed you could try and freeze the program software update .
here 's the trick : use an app manager to force stop the play store , then clear all the data . go to the play store 's settings , then deselect " auto update apps by default "
one possibility would be to prefix all numbers in your contact list by *31# ( which turns the callerid on for that call only ) , while having callerid disabled in your settings . depending on whether the phone app is intelligent enough to detect this as to not belonging to the number , incoming calls should still be matched fine ( you could of course first try it out with one number to check ) . second possibility is the other way around : having callerid globally enabled , and prefix manually entered numbers by #31# . being unsure which method to use , take a third option and a look at prefixer , which should be able to do the one or the other for you -- depending on how you configure that app .
alas , it is not possible officially . as the message told you , there are dependancies on the running kernel . this belongs to the core of your phone 's operating system and is only meant to be upgraded by official updates from sony ericsson . your current firmware is however already the latest version sony ericsson provides for the x8 as it has reached end-of-life update-wise . hence , you cannot do anything about it except installing a non-official community mod . for the sake of completeness : such a mod exists , see this for an example . however , it is not an easy path to get it working initially . i would suggest you refrain from installing it if you have concerns to void your warranty and do not want to end up with a broken device .
download barnacle wifi tether this app will load it is own drivers and actually use your phone as a modem . i have used it once before with my x8 android 2.1 also .
you can not drag in-route points of a given android-google-maps route , you can instead drag departure and arrival spots ' a/b ' spots . drag in-route points is indeed a very interesting feature , but not available in google maps android version yet . you can drag the markers by doing : ( click images for larger variant when needed ) first open gmaps and hit second bottom icon : then you select either my location or a point in the map : in the example , i selected a point in the map : same step with destination : you touch wherever you want the point in the map : hit main option to get route : and then when you see departure/arrival green markers in the screen , you can just tap and hold to drag them to other locations . route gets auto updated to new locations .
in his answer , dan already pointed to my list of apps by real-life topics , which offers some extras as well . currently , it only covers a small subset of what is available on google play , though ( for some numbers : ~10,000 apps = ~1% of google play , including roughly 5% of the apps available in aptoides ( curated ) main repository , and a third of the apps available on f-droid – with some overlappings ) . one more resource to mention for apps not covered there is appbrain , which is a different front-end to google play store . so you should find all apps there , and they also show " concerns " ( what dan put as " interesting combinations" ) – a very useful thing to be warned about potential danger . if an app is missing from their list , you can easily make it appear by copy-pasting its package-name ( or full google play url ) on this page . it might take some minutes then , but it will eventually be available ( usually within 10 . . 30 minutes ) .
i think that a mixture of xprivacy and playpermissionsexposed will do the trick . they are part of the popular xposed framework . for gb devices , you can use liudongmiao 's xposed installer gb at the xda developers forum . make sure to read the instructions . i am not responsible if you do not . if you run into any problems , please feel free to comment . ps : the xposed framework needs root , unless you manually decide to flash in recovery . if you are not willing to do so , look at the other answers .
while this is not used for viewing permissions ( better off following the advice given by the other answers ) , i feel that i am obligated to endorse xprivacy , an xposed module for restricting permissions . if you are ever worried about extensive permissions , use this . its completely open source too !
you do not need an external tool for this . on the versions of the play store with the new " simplified " permissions dialog , you can still find a full list of permissions from the app 's store page ( the screen with the icon at the top , description , screenshots , and c . ) . scroll down to the bottom of the page . under " additional information " you will see " permissions " with a link " view details " . click this link to see a dialog with the list of individual permissions . however , if you do want an external tool , appbrain is an alternative web front-end to the play store , and lists the permissions individually for each app . from there you can click through to install the app from the real play store . not all apps appear on appbrain , but many of them do , especially the popular apps . there is also a resource offered by izzy , a good friend of this site . his website offers a curated list of apps , searchable by permissions . it also gives a fuller description of each permission , and highlights interesting combinations . because apps are added to his site by a manual process , it is a very small list compared to the huge number of apps on the play store , but consists of a good range of recommended and popular apps in different categories .
if you are rooted and custom clockworkmod installed then go to recovery mod and fix permissions will clear this issue . . or you can use rom manager to fix permissions .
it also happened to me after 4.2.1 updates . i just reset to factory settings . now , it is working fine for me .
some device manufacturers dont use /graphics/fb0 to access camera due to different camera drivers . my help to you is going on a native ndk application to do that . look in here http://javacv.googlecode.com or https://code.google.com/p/spydroid-ipcamera/ . regards
i have switched to nova launcher on my devices so that i can have more control over the layout and number of screens . adw , apex and nova ( and others ) have free versions you can try . nova will even import your current layout so you do not have to reconfigure . i think apex may offer that option as well .
when i had the original nexus 7 ( now dead ) , there was no way to delete a page from the homescreen . so , i am not surprised the nexus 7 v2 still does not have this feature . on the original nexus 7 , i flashed the cyanogenmod rom , which uses the trebuchet launcher . this launcher had the feature to delete a page from the homescreen . if flashing a new rom is overkill , you can install a new launcher , as t0mm13b suggested . i personally use nova launcher on my samsung galaxy s4 , which lets me delete a home screen by launching Nova Settings from the home screen ( via left soft key ) , and going to Desktop &gt; Home Screens .
there is an app called broadcastmyself , but i will admit so far i have failed to broadcast . however it is the only app i have found so far so i am gonna keep trying
it is very device-specific , of course , so you will have to follow the directions given for the device . generally it works to follow the linux directions for the device , except that you need adb for mac os x .
give this a go : try to stay away from magnetic fields as far as you can open gps essentials and tap on compass ( calibration will not work when the compass is not showing ) put the phone on a flat surface with the display pointing up move the phone slowly , 5 seconds per full rotation is ok rotate the phone three full cycles around the axis pointing upward rotate the phone three full cycles around the axis pointing away from you rotate the phone three full cycles around the axis pointing right the direction of rotation does not matter this should fix your problem . credit to lepidas on xda
do not know of any youtube option for that end , but if you are open to use an app to limit other apps , you can give a go to onavo count | monitor data that has an option to limit the app to wi-fi only : save money on your mobile bill - avoid costly overage fees ! onavo count puts you in control of your 3g data plan . easy setup , three brand new widgets , tailored alerts and automatic blocking tools will keep you safe from bloated data bills .
avast ! mobile security has , in addition to multiple layers of protection , a firewall module that allows individual control of each application with toggling of wi-fi/data/roaming access . onavo also works great as mentioned but does not have the other features that avast has .
you might have the blocking mode enabled ( it is an option available in samsung devices ) . to disable this mode go to settings > device panel , and tap the blocking mode option to enable or disable . source : http://www.twelveskip.com/tutorials/android/493/samsung-galaxy-s3-what-is-blocking-mode-and-how-to-use-it
solved this , it wasnt quite blocking mode , but close . the tablet seems to have a device to suppress icons from being shown , where the wifi toggle buttons are in task bar , there is an option entitled notifications , which when toggled on can suppress icons being present in this area .
i completely forgot about the adb_usb . ini file in the \USER_NAME\.android folder . added 0x0C2E to the bottom , restarted adb and all is good . so , full instructions : get device hardware ids from device manager in the form of USB\VID_1234&amp;PID_5678&amp;MI_90 enable driver : open file \android-sdks\extras\google\usb_driver\android_winusb.inf add under both [Google.NTx86] [Google.NTamd64]  save and close . installing drive : find device in device manager and update driver . choose browse let me pick have disk browse select \android-sdks\extras\google\usb_driver\android_winusb.inf ok choose Android Composite ADB Inerface next accept unsigned warning if shown . for windows 8 you may need to enable the installation of unsigned drivers , just google it . update adb : open file \USE_NAME\.android\adb_usb.ini add to the bottom 0x1234 ( this is the vid part with the 0x identifying it as hexadecimal ) save and close restart the adb by either eclipse : show the Devices view click the facing down triangle in the top right corner of the view click reset adb command prompt : open command prompt cd to your \android-sdks\platform-tools\ folder run adb kill-server run adb start-server all done .
i asked the same question to micromax support and i got email from them , dear valued customer , thank you for your email , we would like to inform you that hpns files are the temp file which will be create on the uses of internet .
first , files on sdcard should not be essential for the system to live , in general – though there are exceptions , like when you moved apps2sd , you should not remove the folder they are moved to ( which is a different hidden one named .android_secure ) . in general , you should even be able to completely remove the card , and the system should still work as usual . now for your two special folders . one is explained easily , as it is a standard folder : LOST.DIR ( on fat ; on most other file systems the corresponding folder is called LOST+FOUND , see what is the purpose of the lost+found folder in linux and unix ? ) in short is used by the file system checker ( fsck , the equivalent to chkdsk on windows ) to store data blocks which lost their mapping to a given file . this can happen e.g. when the file system is not cleanly unmounted ( the system crashed , or you simply removed the battery while it was running ) . as each file system has its own " lost folder " , if you do not miss anything from your sdcard it is safe to empty this directory . as for the hpns folder it is hard to say what it is . i never heard of such , so it is no " android standard folder " but rather must belong to a specific application . i would recommend to copy ( backup ) its content to your computer , and then delete it from the card . according to your description , it seems to hold nothing but logs , so i expect no trouble . if you find no side-effects for a couple or days/weeks , it should be safe to delete those backed-up files . and if some app is complaining , you can simply put back those files ( and as a side-effect finally know which app the directory belongs to ) .
they are just the log files . . . you can delete the files in the hpns folder through file manager . switch off your mobile phone and restart . you will find your memory card free .
yes , the samsung tab 3 8.0 and others . the samsung galaxy s iii phones got this feature quite a while before it was part of the feature set of the samsung tablets . other samsung tablets like the note also appear to have this feature now , as do later versions of the galaxy phone . i still have not come across any other manufacturer who includes this accessibility feature with their android tablet range . ( for any users who need high contrast to read or have a light sensitivity problem , this feature is a life saver )
clearing internal storage will probably be a temporary relief only , as it will fill-up again in ( probably short ) time . however , depending on the action the " temporary span " can be quite long -- so if you are afraid to root and to follow the steps recommended in the other answers , here 's a list of possibilities : uninstall apps you do not need if possible , move apps rarely used to external storage ( app2sd ) cleanup cache ( and , optionally , data from apps where you could start-over ) while the first 2 items should be clear , some explanation on the 3rd . you can do that manually without any special app ( in case you are already unable to install any ) -- but it is a bit wearing : go to your homescreen hit the " menu " key , select " settings " select " apps " ( or " applications " -- the name differs between devices and android versions ) select " manage apps " ( or " manage applications " , see above ) now select each app , one by one , and hit the " clear cache " button . if you want to remove the apps data as well , hit the " clear data " button , too . note that clearing cache is non-destructive , as it only removes temporary files -- while claring data is not , as it will remove all data you stored with the app , including its settings . if you are still able to install apps , this hairy process can be eased up a lot by some little helpers like e.g. 1-tap cleaner or easy cache cleaner .
certainly worth rooting your phone if you feel capable and are running out of space . on my desire , i moved caches to sd and regularly run a cache cleaner . i also deleted lots of bloatware . if you want to run lots of apps you have to work at it on a desire !
most probably your internal memory is too low . you can not access it without rooting your device . and it will not be visible in your pc/desktop anyways with a usb connection . ( it can not be mounted ) from what i understand your htc desire device has 512 mb of internal rom which is used for both your stock firmware and user installed apps . the 512 mb storage may be divided into several partitions . system partition holds your rom ( firmware ) and may include apps which came per-installed when you purchased the device . the data partition is where your apps are stored . to check , how much actual space you have for data partition- go to settings -> applications menu . you should get a list of installed apps with available storage at bottom like this , this will be the actual memory available to you . to increase this , you could try moving apps to sd card ( which i believe you have already tried ) . root your device and delete unwanted system apps ( bloatware ) install a custom rom , with app2sd/data2sd scripts , which enables you to use a ext3/ext4 partition on your sd card to use for installing apps . ( a 1gb partition would do fine . ) although there is a alternative too , which can help you move some of the apps which are by default not enabled for moving to sd card . requirements an android device ( obviously . . ) ( root not required ) usb cable a pc ( any os will do windows , mac or linux ) android sdk or replacement for adb ( install android sdk from official site . use drivers for your device ) steps run command prompt or terminal use command ' adb devices ' ( will show list of connected devices ) ( you should have android sdk 's path/platform-tools in your classpath ) use command ' adb shell ' ( will open a $ prompt ) use command ' pm setinstalllocation 2 ' ( will set default install location to sd card ) ( 0 for auto , 1 for internal , 2 for sd card ) now whatever new apps you install will be installed to sd card . they will still take space on internal memory in data partition though for dalvik cache , app-cache , private-cache etc . note-> if you want to revert back to original use option 0 in step 4 . i have seen some weird behavior with this , apps which are set to install in sd card by default ( i.e. . games like angry bird ) , are installed in internal . you could just move them to external though . my advice would be to use this command to enable moving to sd card and then revert back .
it is due to an error in the os itself . even some simple apps could not be installed while some bigger apps could . reset the device to factory mode and then you must be able to install the same apps which were denied before .
install clipper and start copying your urls in clipboard . it creates lifo stack from clipboard and is exclusively local . to revisit urls , bring this lightweight app from status bar . . tap url to copy and paste in address bar . done ! free version of clipper limits user to 20 items in stack . if you do not want to purchase its pro version , you can use andclip . but , you may face problems in keeping lifo structure after copying an url from stack .
i just stumbled upon pocket -formerly read it later . might be worth a try .
another way to more literally do what you are asking is to get a browser that supports tabs ( for example , google chrome for android , dolphin browser , or even the built in one ) and open a new tab for each interesting link . then you will literaly have the stack you are looking for . the cool thing about google chrome is that this stack will be persistant across reboots and accessible across devices . anyways , hope this helps .
" services " does not mean what you think it means . a service is an app component that can run in the background . for example , an email app might have a service that is started every 15 minutes to check for new email ( and stops itself when it completes ) . this means it is background apps that stop , not things like the wi-fi and mobile data . app developers are encouraged to check for the low battery condition and stop battery-draining activities . this broadcast also triggers the " low battery " dialog , so it is easy to tell at what level it fires . it can be changed by the device manufacturer ( since android is open-source ) , but it is usually set to trigger at 15% .
slashgear has an article with a set of pictures showing the internals of the archos 7 , slashgear : archos 7 home tablet clears fcc picture 6 on this page has the wifi module and antenna labelled , unfortunately as i do not have one i can not quite work out the orientation of the parts in that picture as to how they relate to the full device , you might be able to . there are also a number of videos on youtube and elsewhere on the web of it being taken to pieces by owners where you can see the internals , search for something like " archos 7 disassembled " to find them .
all antivirus applications on all platforms will impact the performance of the device . this is because they intercept your actions and check them for unwanted effects . you say you have installed anti-viruses - plural . if you install more than one such application on any device they will start to check upon each other . this will have a significant cumulative affect which will be immediately noticeable . if you have installed more than one , then uninstall in the reverse order of installation .
a friend showed me how to , you go to the camera app 's settings , then go to " quick launch " , and check " launch and capture " . it was set on " launch only ( still camera ) " .
i believe they are stored with the launcher data , since these icons/shortcuts and their order is launcher-specific .
app specific settings are usually stored in the internal storage folder accessible only to that app . while apps do have the ability to write to external storage and lose access to that data when you mount it , i doubt that is the case here . when you install and move an app to the sd card , you are not moving the entire app . some core content of the app still stays on the internal storage . however , moving an app to the external storage has some interesting side effects . the app is completely disabled when you connect your device to the computer , on pre honeycomb devices . android 3.0 onwards , the usb storage was switched to mtp , which allows the device and the computer to access the storage simultaneously . in your case , when you connect to the computer , the apps on the sd card are disabled , causing them to disappear temporarily . as for them not reappearing when you disconnect and restart your phone suggests that there is a bug in the launcher you are using . try using a different third party launcher instead .
usually it would alert you with a dialog . you may want to reflash your phone .
summing up : cyanogenmod from at least v7 up has , as usual , alerts for battery low . it can appear in different places : in the notification bar ( ryan conrad ) on the lock screen ( onik ) i rawly remember even having seen a toast displayed . according to onik , there should be a setting somewhere to toggle the alert sound for this event on/off -- and according to this cm forum post . . . led lights are in cm settings , while low battery sound is in phone/sound settings . i was able to find the sound at the end of the mentioned list with cm 7.2 ( but not 7.0.3 ) , but nothing in cm settings specific to the battery low event . though : if really needed , this should be quite easily established using tasker . . .
the only surefire fix i can suggest is factory reset . but i know it should be your last resort so maybe it can also be fixed by resetting the settings to defaults , without losing data . this method sometimes work with broken wifi , issues with force close , some lagging issue and some others . first , if you have titanium backup or other similar apps , backup your system data ( settings , applicationsettings , settings storage ) because you will be wiping it clean . 2nd , go to settings -> applications -> all , and scroll down until you find Settings . select it , now you will see some info , scroll down until so see Clear data . note that clearing data will set your wifi , wallpaper , sound , network , but not your password and google login , to defaults . now after clearing settings , go back to applications -> all , and check if you also have VPNservice , and Network Provider there , clear its data too to be sure . try to login your vpn now , it should probably work . if not , use whatever last resort you have . but remember to backup first :p
you might try out 3rd party softwares like hot spot shield hot spot shield flash vpn
log data can not be faked without root and doing that would be a painful waste of time . all phones pre 4.1 that app can access a list of everything the phone has been doing ( after you install 4.1 it can only access what it has been doing itself ) . you will have to trust the maker of the game to not use any logs maliciously currently or you can try and use this http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1923576 . i would recommend trusting the app or uninstalling it . if you still want to play the game and be sure no one is getting your logs , you can play in aeroplane mode and then uninstall the app before you take it off aeroplane mode .
summing up from the comments on the question itself , so it does not " get lost": as ce4 pointed out : the READ_LOGS permission requested by the app grants it access to the system logs , which might include sensitive information logged by other apps ( also system apps ) . however note , that this specific problem has been adressed by google with jelly bean onwards ( apps can only read their very own logs , and not everything in the log since then ) . so the READ_LOGS permission on android 4.1+ is safe . you can install the app without fear on jelly bean devices ( but not ics and below ) . pdroid if one has cyanogenmod ( or a compatible rom ) installed , there is the option to use pdroid in one of its incarnations . visit the xda-developers for information on . . . the openpdroid autopatcher , working on linux , macosx , and meanwhile also windows . with this tool you can patch a rom image so it will contain the pdroid functionality . the openpdroid project . this thread gives you detailed information on what openpdroid is , what it does , what features it includes , and more . pdroid 2.0 , which now also offers support for stock roms . tons of screenshots there , for sure an interesting read ! still , pdroid is nothing for android newbies to install -- it is not like just picking an .apk and go . all pdroid incarnations require you to patch an existing rom image file , which you then must flash to your device . so no easy-go . lbe lbe privacy guard , on the other hand , can just be installed straight from the playstore if you run android 4.0 or below . there are issues with jellybean like e.g. boot-loops , so do not install the playstore version on jellybean devices ! at least not if it was not updated may 2013 or later . you have been warned ! for jellybean users , again xda is a good source : some busy members took care to translate the chinese lbe安全大师 ( lbe security master ) to different languages . the thread can be found here , and this version does not boot-loop jellybean . xprivacy xprivacy is pretty new in this area ( i just discovered it recently , after i wrote this answer -- so i felt the need to update it ) . as with the other mentioned solutions , it requires a rooted device . in order to install the app , you also need a custom recovery such as e.g. clockworkmod or twrp . xprivacy is based on the xposed-framework , so you will need that as well . requiring android 4.1 or higher , this seems a nice option for those having used lbe privacy guard before , and do not want to use the overloaded lbe security master on jellybean . from its behavior it is comparable to lbe : on a per-app basis , permissions can be set separately . in most cases , if you " revoke " a permission , " fake data " will be served instead -- with two exceptions , where this seems not to be possible ( internet and external storage ) . more details can be found on the project page . cyanogenmod , paranoid android , and co . with privacy guard cm 10.1 nightlies and onwards of cyanogenmod as well as paranoid android already ship with a privacy guard , which lets you define what apps should be placed into " incognito mode " . while that is better than nothing , it is just an on/off switch : either the app is put into " incognito " , or it is not . no selective withdrawal of permissions here . android 4.3+ app-ops with android 4.3 , google finally introduced a kind of " permission manager " . in 4.3 , it is still hidden , but can easily be made available : app-ops allow you a fine grained control over your privacy , almost similar to what pdroid , lbe , and xprivacy provide . but just almost : not all permissions can be revoked here ( e . g . network/internet access cannot ) .
not a real solution as to the underlying problem -- but a possible work-around involving tasker ( or a similar automation app which could do the same ) : condition : on startup if wi-fi on task : wi-fi off wait 15 sec wi-fi on this at least should save you from having to do it manually everytime .
this sounds a bit like a shopping question , which is off-topic here , but as a general answer : yes , it is possible to change tracks from bluetooth headphones . almost all headphones that support a2dp ( advanced audio distribution profile ) , which is required for better quality music streaming , can also handle avrcp ( audio/video remote control profile ) which handles controlling the playback . as an example , i have a samsung sbh-170 , which has buttons for play/pause , next/previous track , volume up/down and call answer . just check that the headphones you are going to buy support a2dp , and most likely they support avrcp as well .
samsung lists the hdmi smart adapter on their website as being compatible with the galaxy note .
go to settings > manage applications or apps ( depending on your rom and version ) . scroll through the list of apps and tap on an app that is the default for some action . this will bring up the app 's properties that show the size of the app and other relevant stuff . if the app is set as the default for a particular action - the clear default button will be active , else it'll be grayed out . as an alternative - check out default app manager - it is an app that has similar functionality .
just as izzy suggested , i would recommend going to the play store . here is what i found : dns server thats really the only one available through the google play store . i have not downloaded it for myself so i am not vouching for it , but it might be worth a try .
from the comments on izzy 's answer it seems that what you are actually asking for is a way to edit the mp3 's id3 tag from within your music player , without having to switch between apps . once that is sorted out any file sync app ( as suggested in izzy 's answer ) would work for you . there is not many music players on android that allow you to edit the tags within the player , the best recommended one for that seems to be poweramp ( paid app with 15 day trial ) .
if you are open to alternative ways of syncing , you might want to take a look at e.g. foldersync : it enables you to sync selected locations with different cloud services , but also with your local " home network " . you can set it to automatically synchronize , or have it done manually on-demand . for your issue , you could set either the base directory of your music to completely synchronize between your android device and your pc , or chose selected directories . so when you updated some tags , only those files should be " copied to the other side " , as the others have not changed . same applies if you add new music files . there are some other apps in the playstore doing the same job , just in case you want some alternatives . one of them would be ftpsyncx which , other than its name suggests , also handles different protocols ( samba/windows shares , sftp/ssh , ftps ) .
the android keyboard does not have directional keys ; you need a keyboard that has them . your fascinate should have both the samsung keyboard and the swype keyboard , which do have arrow keys . press and hold the 123 button ( samsung ) or swipe from the swype key to the sym key ( swype ) .
btep has a " using better terminal emulator pro " page on their wiki which explains most of the special shortcuts and keys . the basic breakdown of what you are looking for is : for directional input : either use a keyboard that supports this or use btep 's virtual direction pad feature . you can access it by tapping the screen when the keyboard is visible , long-pressing the screen when it is not , or pressing the search button . the cursor should change to a &gt; character to indicate you are in vdp mode , and you can swipe your directional input ( i.e. . swipe up for the up key ) . for esc : this is usually mapped by default to the volume up key , but you can remap it to any of the available programmable shortcut keys . you can also press the search button then press [ , since search is mapped to the control character on devices that lack a trackball or dpad ( as well as activating vdp mode ) and ^[ ( ctrl- [ ) is the esc character .
hacker 's keyboard - use a full soft keyboard on android you can use the free , open source , app call hacker 's keyboard to gain access to the buttons of a full keyboard : “are you missing the key layout you are used to from your computer ? this keyboard has separate number keys , punctuation in the usual places , and arrow keys . it is based on the aosp gingerbread soft keyboard , so it supports multitouch for the modifier keys . this keyboard is especially useful if you use connectbot for ssh access . it provides working tab/ctrl/esc keys , and the arrow keys are essential for devices such as the xoom tablet or nexus s that do not have a trackball or d-pad . ” http://code.google.com/p/hackerskeyboard/
google maps was developed to be used when connected to the network so i do not believe there is a possibility to make it cache a complete area . you should then take a look for an alternative mapping application that supports offline mode . for instance , the osmand application might do everything you are looking for .
this will not answer your question for google maps , specifically , but have you tried using an offline map application such as mapdroyd ? would that suit your needs ? you download the entire map beforehand and therefore would not have to use your data to view the map .
since you asked this question , google has added a " pre-cache map area " feature to google maps 's experimental labs features . you first have to go into settings > labs and enable " pre-cache map area " , then visit a place page ( either by clicking on a poi or long-pressing somewhere on the map ) , look at the list of " more options " , and click " pre-cache map area " . it will cache the area within 10 miles of the point and keep it cached for 30 days . depending on the size of your city , you might have to cache a few different points to get the coverage you want . here 's more from the google blog : http://googleblog.blogspot.com/2011/07/download-map-area-added-to-labs-in.html
i think i found a way to do that : decompressing launcher2 . apk ( trebuchet launcher app ) i found an interesting file named default_workspace . xml under /res/xml folder of the app . with all the necessary to place widgets and icons on different workspaces and xy position . hope it helps
if you get nova launcher ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.teslacoilsw.launcherhl=en ) you can backup and restore from the settings menu . use this with dropbox and you have got an easy end to end solution
this is not the cleanest solution , but it is an option : if you set up your google voice number so sms messages are forwarded to your phone , every time somebody texts you , you will receive that text from a 406 area code phone number . if you send a message back to that number , it will reach your that person , and appear to them as if it came from your google voice number . so you can save the 406 number for each contact as a secondary phone number , and set it as the default number to use for sms . ( if you think the google voice app is cumbersome , you should try doing it from an iphone ; ) )
is the following settings enabled in settings -> account and sync : bakcground data , auto-sync ' sync gmail ' inside your email account
easy tether works for me for usb tethering on os x lion . android.stackexchange.com/q/15735/15, android.stackexchange.com/q/5168/15 to elaborate , here are the steps involved : open the easy tether application on your android device and select usb ( you will see the et notification in the notification bar ) . plug your android device into your machine via usb . open network preferences , select easytether and select connect . also , if you do any android dev , make sure to follow the mobile stream 's faq ( although i just moved the . kext to the trash since kextunload was not working for me ) : adb on mac os x stops recognizing the attached device after installing > easytether driver do not follow this advice if you are not a software developer who uses the android sdk on mac . otherwise run " sudo kextunload /system/library/extensions/easytetherusbethernet . kext " to unload the easytether driver manually . load it again with kextload when/if necessary .
make sure the application is installed internally , and not on to your sd card . from http://android-developers.blogspot.com/2010/07/apps-on-sd-card-details.html : when not to install on sd card ? the advantage of installing on sd card is easy to understand : contention for storage space is reduced . there are costs , the most obvious being that your app is disabled when the sd card is either removed or in usb mass storage mode ; this includes running services , not just interactive activities . aside from this , device removal disables an application’s widgets , input methods , account managers , device administrators , live wallpapers , and live folders , and may require explicit user action to re-enable them .
i would re install android to the newest version . either do it yourself , or go to a phone shop and pay 10$ or so for them to reinstall your phone . if this solves your problem , it was a cheap fix . if it did not work , you can go back to the phone shop where you bought the phone and make them fix it in guarantee . if you want to try to download and install an awesome rom for your phone , you should read this : http://www.cyanogenmod.com/devices
you can try the following troubleshooting options:- uninstall and then re install touchpal . be sure to restart your phone after you uninstalled it . install any other ime and see if the problem is repeated there . this will make sure that the problem is with touchpal or with your device .
do you use any kind of app-killer ? my thought is that somehow the touchpal application is being killed , not necessarily manually , but somehow automatically through the app-killer . if not that , then you can maybe use an app-killer or another app in the reverse sense - that is , somehow prevent the app from being killed . the reason i say this is that i use the go keyboard and sometimes i would accidentally kill it via a task killer , and next time i use the keyboard it would go to swype .
there is no such thing as an international rom . when you see ( for example ) a cyanogenmod rom " samsung galaxy s iii international " , it means that the rom is for the international variant of the phone hardware , with the right drivers for that phone 's hardware . the international variant might just have a different radio ( to work on the right gsm frequency for your country ) , but sometimes the international variant is a completely different phone , with a different soc or screen , but in the same case . if your phone is an " international " variant , then a rom that is for the us variant will be missing drivers you need . fixing this problem requires finding the correct drivers for your hardware and integrating them into the rom . if there is only one variant of your phone , or the rom is already for the correct variant , then you do not need an " international rom " . the only important difference between roms for different regions ( in this case ) is that they have network settings for networks in that region . you just need to get the right apn settings from your network operator ( you can probably find them on their website ) , go into the mobile networks settings in your phone , and input the correct settings .
the simple answer is no . you had have to re-skin that part of the rom and also dig into the code and remove whatever 's doing that , most likely . if it bothers you enough you should just switch roms .
yes , other apps can do that , but it is up to the app developer to implement notifications . this morning when i grabbed my phone i had two different new email notifications ( multiple accounts ) , a facebook message notification , an app update notification , a draw something nudge from my daughter , and a notification that i had new podcasts downloaded in doggcatcher .
yes , restoring from backup ( like with titanium backup ) will restore all conversations . app settings will be restored as well , so blocked contacts should stay blocked .
its shows that your phone is in extended standby mode . you can find it in Settings-&gt;PowerManagemnet extended standby mode increases the standby time by reducing the background activities when the phone is in standby mode . data will automatically be turned off and background activities will be stopped from waking up , while applications will also be prevented from syncing data . you will still be able to receive calls and texts , while the calendar application and alarms will still feature normally . as soon as you unlock your smartphone it'll go returning to functioning normally . any ongoing downloads or bluetooth transfer will be allowed to complete and once completed data will be turned off . extended standby mode is replaced with stamina mode for xperia running on jellybean or higher source : sony
this is battery stamina mode . with sony’s power management setting called battery stamina mode , you can extend the standby time of your xperia™ device by more than four times . with battery stamina mode turned on , the background activities of most applications are reduced when you turn off the screen .
i have used mortplayer and it supports chapters , multiple bookmarks and remembers your place . as far as chapters go , it depends on how the audio book is setup , most mp3 audio books save each chapter as a different track and that works just fine . also , it is free . while i have not tried it , it is my understanding that ambling book player pro is the cats meow of audio book players , although it costs $9 . i do not really listen to audio books much anymore ( too many podcasts to keep up with ) and i use beyondpod for my economist podcasts . it remembers the last place you were listening but it does not let you set bookmarks .
this is how i got it working : i registered a new account through my mobile phone ( htc desire hd , during phone setup ) . i got an email from htc sense with a link in it to confirm my account clicking the link open a page to htc sense , and tries to complete the registration and log you to your account page , but in my case it kept hanging while in the confirmation page , i clicked on login again and were able to log in even though registration was still ongoing . apparently the acocunt gets registered even though the page hangs .
well , i would like to ask you one more thing , i do not think the files images and videos created inside the dicm folder at least i can not see it over my device and yes it is also gt-p3100 but running 4.2.2 . i would say if you are trying to recover things then why do not you try recovering your data using " recuva " i have tried using it a number of times to recover some of my images . so , it does seems okay try giving it a shot if you are luck is good enough then i am sure you can get at least some of your images back .
i would start with the latest clockworkmod recovery and then the latest build of cyanogenmod 7.1 .
my recommendation , and the rom i am running is phiremod i can definitely confirm it is gingerbread , based on cyanogenmod 7 and built specifically for the nook color .
whether you still can update to " official versions " via ota-update or otherwise , depends on multiple things . basically , the manufacturer might include a check whether the currently installed rom is valid -- in this case , an update will fail as you changed the /system partition during rooting . if no such check takes place , an update might succeed -- but you may have lost root access ( if the update replaced the /system partition ; tools like ota rootkeeper might prove helpful in those cases ) . for further details , please see e.g. how do i update the os on my device ? how do i upgrade my rooted nexus one using ota updates ? rooting and updating to official updates
on recent versions of android ( since 4.3 , at least ) you have to set a password as your device unlock method . if you have a pin or pattern unlock configured , it seems that there is no way to access vpns . dumb , but it is what it is . just go to settings > security > screen lock , and choose password .
go to Settings -&gt; Location and security -&gt; Credential storage -&gt; Set password to change it .
i had a rom that failed to vibrate certain " very short duration vibrations " ( or those of low strength vibrations ) . i am not sure if its just a hardware limitation of my phone or the rom in particular , but you could try an app like handcent for now and play around the vibration settings in there . handcent sms allows you to fine tune the vibrations , adjust the intervals between each vibrations in milliseconds etc . .
there is a workaround here that might work for you : vibrate still not working for sms/mms notification
do check the battery settings or profile settings as you might have selected the profile while is restricting the vibration notifications . if still dosen't work it maybe due to some hardware fault ( assuming you have already checked the above settings ) but i would recommend flashing the rom to customer cm7 roms and then check if you still have the same issue . p.s. you could try using the hardware reset method also .
auto-syncing subfolders means additional network traffic , and eats more of your battery -- which is why it is not generally to recommend . but if you insist , for selected folders it might be sometimes useful . what you need for this is an email app supporting the sync of subfolders . one such app is k-9 mail . speaking of " outlook subfolders": outlook is a client , not a server -- so it is hard to tell what you are using . aforementioned k-9 supports imap ( recommended ) , pop3 ( only if needed ) , and also exchange ( via webdav -- only for those who have no alternative , but that is my personal opinion ) . guess one of them should cover your demands .
i installed contact sync and exported all my contact data and groups to a single . vcf file , afterwards i mailed it to my mail account and then downloaded it on my new phone and there imported it with the same app which i used for the export . this did the trick for me .
just a few steps : open the contacts app on the wildfire tap the menu button , select to " export " your contacts to sdcard . this will result in a 00001.vcf file on your sdcard . now use any way you like to get the exported file to the optimus : mail/gmail it to your account send it via bluetooth copy to your computer , and then to the new device 's internal sdcard . . . on the optimus , open the contacts app as above , use the export/import feature to import the .vcf file if in step 3 you chose to mail/gmail the .vcf file , you most likely will be able to open it directly from the attachment , which should cause it to be offered for import into your contacts app ( i never tried that variant , so i am not sure about it ) .
the simplest way would be exporting all contacts to google account and then sync it in a new device .
lots of users reporting about these trojan warnings . it may be avast virus defenition update issue . post from avast moderator update the vps to 14010901 source forum from google+ found this image . i think its a similar issue .
uninstalled , then reinstalled avast . scans now all clear . looks like a definite avast issue .
from the latest reviews on the play store it appears as though others are experiencing the same issue this morning . i expect there is a problem with the latest definition update which is causing a lot of apps to be detected as a virus/malware . the only advice i can give is wait for them to release a new update which resolves the issue . if there is a report issue feature within the app you could try using this , or the email address on the play store to ensure they are aware of the problem .
here is my comment as an answer xd there are custom roms like cyanogenmod that allows you to unlock using your trackball , dont know if there on market is and app for that . . . --some minutes ago . . . -- hey there is one at https://market.android.com/details?id=org.liberty.android.anyunlockfeature=search_result called anyunlock , there are other apps like this . . . . --as you discovered xd -- pd : rate with 100 for the effort :p
open up main settings > applications > manage applications press menu > filter > all search for calendar and calendar storage . clear data for both and then return to the calendar app . choose the calendar ( s ) you want from the options within the calendar app ( if you have more than the default calendar you wish to sync ) and then sync .
i actually got this working again ! ! after opening up the case and googling some of the different numbers printed on chips and the circuit board , i found out that this particular type of tablet can have its firmware flashed by putting the right files on the root of a micro sd card . when it boots up it will automatically check for said files and perform an update all by itself . when it finishes it asks you to remove the sd card and then automatically reboots itself . it took me a few tries to get a good firmware with the majority of features working . some were unstable , some would not boot , some would boot but had no touch screen or soft button support , no camera , gyro , wifi etc . i finally found one that seems stable and has most features working , minus the camera . i have a few more left to try and see if i can get the camera working , but other than that it works great !
themes on android are internal to apps : they are not user-accessible things . replacing the theme of every app on your phone entails building a new custom rom with your changes , and may cause some apps to behave oddly or appear wrong , because they are relying on details of the holo themes . these days , even phone manufacturers can not replace the themes of third-party apps , because the android conformance tests verify that the holo theme has not been modified . that is why , if you buy ( say ) a samsung phone with a blue theme , only the built-in apps use that blue theme : third-party apps use the unmodified holo theme . replacing the theme of an individual app is more feasible , but without the sources it requires decompiling and replacing the app 's apk file , essentially making a new app . this kind of reverse-engineering may be illegal where you are , even if you do not intend to distribute your themed app ; either way , your new app would not have access to the original app 's data , and will fail any licensing or anti-piracy check the app performs .
what are you putting in for the package name that it does not like ? beginner mode vs non-beginner mode should not matter . package name has to have at least one . in it to be valid . usually you can just use your email backwards along with a unique name for the app . say your email is someone@gmail . com and you are trying to export an app you want to call myapp . the package name could be com . gmail . someone . myapp .
assuming you have windows media player , you should be able to do this pretty easily . in windows media player , click on the " playlists " selection . then select " create auto playlist " . click on " click here to add criteria " under any of the music libraries you see there . a list with a scroll bar will appear . at the bottom of the scroll selection , there should be an item called " more . . . " . click " more " . next , a new list will appear , and on it will be an item called " randomize playback order " . click that . then you will be brought back to the previous window . now click " click here to add criteria " again . click " more " again . this time select " limit total size to " . type in the total size you want . say , 4gb or so ? and lastly , save your playlist . at this point you can edit your playlist manually if you want . now that you have a playlist created , save it and then click " sync " to sync it to a portable device . follow the instructions . i usually manually remove the files first using the android file browser . but windows media player should handle that automatically if you do the " auto sync " feature . i am not sure if it just deletes everything first on the android device or whether it just deletes enough to free up space . i think it is probably the former , not the latter . hope that helps .
use a needle or a pair of needle-nose pliers to break the data pins on your adapter , so they will not connect to the device . breaking the data pins does not inhibit the adapter 's ability to supply voltage across the power pins . alternatively , it might be easier to cover them with a small piece of insulating tape ; the easiest way to do it will depend on the shape of the adapter and what tools you have to hand . of the four pins inside a usb plug/socket , the middle two are the ones you want to cut off or cover . be careful not to damage or cover the two outer pins . it should go without saying that you should do this while the adapter is not connected to anything .
there are three ways:- if you have access to the phone ( or trust your friend to do it ) , just delete your google account from your friend 's phone . in the main settings app , under accounts , find google in the list and click on it . then click your account and click remove account . if you have switched your google account to use app-specific passwords , then you can simply revoke the gmail password you used to sign in on your friend 's phone . nothing else will be affected . if you can not wait for your friend , and you are not using app-specific passwords , then just log into your google account from a web browser and change your password . it will sign out on all the devices and you will get a prompt asking you to enter the new password . that said , there is something that does not quite add up . it is possible to be signed in and use gmail from more than one android device at a time . signing in on your friend 's phone should not make your phone stop working , so it could be a coincidence , which means that signing out on your friend 's phone will not fix anything .
do you want to void your warranty ? if not , contact the karbonn customer care and ask for the official flash tool and a copy of the stock rom . reboot your phone in recovery mode and reinstall the android using that tool .
it sounds like you are up to fixing it yourself . here are techrepublic teardown links in case you need them . just make sure you have the proper tools ( and patience ) . good luck ! techrepublic teardown - main speaker assembly - front
the samsung captivate 's speaker can work its way loose , usually after the phone takes a hard knock ( like being dropped ) . in most cases you can fix it yourself by opening the back and pressing hard on the speaker with your thumb . you should probably power the phone off to do this .
where is it ? it is inside an apk file for some application . can i access it without root access ? you can download the apk to your desktop and unzip it . dolphin hd . . . points to file:///android_asset/new_tab . htm since dolphin hd is not open source ( afaik ) , you have no way of changing this behavior . you also cannot modify this file unless you sign the resulting modified apk file with your own digital signature , in which case you would never again be able to get an update to dolphin hd . you may wish to contact the dolphin hd developers and suggest a feature that meets your needs .
this depends on how you have placed it . on some qi pads you can even hear the difference . . . try moving the phone around while it is charging . . . you can read this post i made about the heat wasted during charging based on the inductive permeance the qi pad " sees "
i had same problem before . user:eldarerathis was correct . it is swipe gesture that suppose to hide menu when you do not need it , but afaik , there is no way to turn it off . so , to get it back you should do gesture starting roughly a bit above browser icon and swipe down ( or up ) . i have fixed that another way - simply installed different launcher . problem did not appear
had this as well with the adw launcher from cyanogenmod . what you need to do is sweep downward in the place where the bar disappeared . you also hide it that way , probably accidentally like i did many times :d i had been thinking why this feature was there but can not think of anything , just to annoy users is my best guess .
use either of these : busybox busybox pro ( paid ) note this comment in the description : please note i did not write busybox ! i wrote this installer and cross compiled busybox for android . please see the about menu option for more details or here : www.busybox.net if you are installing a custom rom , it might have busybox already ( but usually not pro ) .
typing a command , such as su , after adb shell only executes that command and returns . what you probably want to do is type adb shell , then once in shell type su . you will probably need to allow super user permissions , depending on certain boot . img/kernel configurations .
do you have superuser . apk installed ? su is probably waiting for response from superuser to prompt the user if the root access is granted .
the risk of really " bricking " a phone is not that high as it may seem , at least with more recent models , as there are multiple levels of safety-guards in place : if you break your regular system , there is a fallback possible to the recovery mode . if that is broken as well , there are things like fastboot in place . only if you break the lowest level , and e.g. flash an incompatible radio image ( the radio image is the layer bridging the hardware to a software layer , to simplify the explanation -- see also al 's comparision with the pc 's bios in his comment to your question : if the bios is broken , you no longer can start your computer ) , your device is really " bricked " . to understand the difference , you should also see what is different between installing your " desktop os " on a computer and flashing your android device : installing your desktop os works on a file level . that is , you boot from e.g. a dvd , and then copy files to your harddisk . on android , flashing a rom means to copy the entire file system at once . and you cannot boot a live system from dvd or the like -- especially when newer devices like the nexus 4 come without even a sdcard slot .
according to this linky here this is what it has to say what is efs ? it is a place that stores your android smartphone important data like wi-fi , bluetooth mac address and imei ( nv_data . bin ) . after reading the above linky , it would be prudent to make a backup of that partition otherwise well and truly hosed ! : ) as for /firmware i am guessing that is where the original stock firmware goes into when updating via the official route a lá kies . if anyone has a better insight feel free to comment , and i will gladly amend this accordingly : )
the best option ( albeit a rather pricey one ) appears to be the icontrolpad . it was originally designed for use with an iphone but now uses bluetooth to communicate with all bluetooth-enabled devices . it sounds like developers plan on supporting it , but i am not sure how well it will work with current games . edit : i recently became aware of another bluetooth gamepad that caters specifically to smartphones . it is called the bluetooth game gripper . there is an andoinica article about it here , and the kickstarter project is here . however , it does not appear that the maker has garnered enough vc to get the project off the ground , so i am not sure of the current status .
there are many apps available for these tasks . but soon it becomes pain to have many apps running one for each purpose . at these situations , you can remove all those apps and use tasker . you can set the tasker such that when your mother calls or sends a text it can play a preset ringtone - and it can even say the caller name or any predefined text . this is just a tip of the iceberg and there are so many things that can be done with it . it is a bit complicated for the first use and involves a small learning curve . but once you are used to it , you can eliminate many apps and make your phone a true smartphone . note : i am not in any way associated with tasker other than using it in my device .
in the gmail app , there is a search icon ( magnifying glass ) that appears in the top right corner when you are within a mailbox . if you are using the stock , general email app ( with the yellow "@" icon ) then i am afraid there is no search function supported .
when i switched over to android i started looking for a three button headset compatible with my phone . i found that there are a couple of brands that do earphones for android but you usually have to use an app to set the functions for button controls . i love good sound in my ears and probably use my earphones 2-5 hours per day . i have tested a couple , i find many of the earphones lack durability and break quite easily . some recommendations below , all with three button control : nocs ns200 - good sounding earphones . comfortable . lacking mids and bass is too impendent . however they broke . three button function works well with button control app . bose mie2i - nice earphones is you are not into in-ear heaphones . comfortable and good sounding . i think they are slightly overpriced . . klipsch s4a ii- really well made earphones . good sound and well balanced . button control work well with app . degauss dual driver , the best pair of earphones i have owned so far . they sound like the equivalent to a couple of shure earphones for 290eur , but only cost 110eur . the button control works well . i downloaded degauss app . i have been using them for a couple of months . i found them in a store in sweden . think you can buy them from degauss labs website . would like to try sabotage royale as well . . maybe this post helps . . .
i use an android specified headset with 3-button for my nexus . works brilliant . not only does it deliver 3-button action , but also very good sound and a really hard hitting bass . anyone enjoying rock or electronica will not stop listening ; - ) the headset is specifically made for android 's lower voltage spec from google and will not work on an iphone ( the way i like it ) . 3-button android spec headset with flat cable sabotage royale from degauss labs webpage : http://www.degausslabs.com edit : 3-button headsets . i hope anyone reading this debate understands there are android hardware spec headsets and iphone hardware spec headsets . they dont change in hardware or technical specifications just because you start using some software app . . ( just make them more programmable ) . so if you are an android user you should use a 3-button android spec headset . a 3-button iphone headset will not work 100% ( up down buttons etc ) and most likely the mic dont do the proper job making whom you speak to hear you bad or " from far away " or " talking in a coke-can " . there are 100 times more iphone spec headset out there , dont ask me why .
summary from my comments , as requested , as an answer : there are plenty of other headset controller apps on the playstore if you are worried about the permissions . i tried jays once , but it only worked partially ( in 9 out of 10 tries , i had no luck to adjust the volume -- instead , other actions were triggered , as e.g. pause/play ) . having a philips headset , i tried philips headset -- and am quite satisfied : volume control , play/pause/skip , accept/refuse/hangup call , all possible smoothly . most of the headset control apps want to make calls . as my device is rooted , i control such things with the lbe app : neither jays nor philips headset abused this privilege . most headset control apps seem to work with most headsets , more or less . as my example with jays and a philips headset shows , some features might not be available/working . but you cannot break anything trying . so i would suggest to give it a try first : if one app does not work out , try another . if none works the way you need it , you still can go for another headset ; having checked some of the control apps , you then already know which companies have a specific app . as said , my philips headset works fine with the philips app -- others reported the same for jays . reading the comments will give you more details and help you finding a good combination .
my initial research is confusing . some say that this kind of commands just are not available on android . one source says that at least one product ( klipsch s4a ( android ) , £50-90 ) actually works as desired when also installing an application from the vendor . as for add-on software to handle the in-cable buttons , headsetbutton controller ( €2,29 , free trial ) seems to do the trick although i really do not understand why it needs to " read data about your contacts stored on your tablet , including the frequency with which you have called , emailed , or communicated in other ways with specific individuals . " with that add-on software , perhaps a cheaper headset could work just as fine ( example ) .
if you are willing to sacrifice volume control feature , pretty much most of the stock headphones that come with android phones will work for you . long press , double press of the button are mere interpretation of software like the music player or the call manager . hence you should get this feature natively or if not it can be supplemented by apps . if volume control is badly needed , then the only option that i can think of is bluetooth stereo headphones like jabra bt3030 , which can do all those you ask for . i am not an audiophile and do not like heavy bass - just saying this because i recently purchased a headphone from lg service centre just for inr200 ( about £3 ) and i am completely satisfied with its cost vs benefit ratio that it offered and of course had all the feature you ask for except volume control .
you still got your sdcard contents you still got synced data on google cloud associated with your google account and other cloud services . everything else is wiped out and cannot be restored all you can do is log in with same google account on your device and it will restore some data from cloud like google contacts , calendar and , maybe , settings for some apps . purchased apps are still available from google play and you do not need to buy them again . install dropbox , google drive and other apps which store their data outside your device . in future , try to keep copy of everything important on other device such as your computer or in cloud . nowadays you can get lots of free storage on many services like dropbox , google drive , box , skydrive etc . you can avoid wiping your device in future but you cannot avoid losing it or breaking it , so backups is very important .
this happens when you have driving mode enabled on the s3 . pull down the notifications bar , scroll to the right , and disable driving mode . that being said , on my s3 , when i reboot with driving mode on , it comes back with it still enabled though the menu says it is not . just enable it and disable it to make it go away then .
try juice defender . it has a data toggle widget .
i finally made it without a /system/-wipe . i reinstalled cm9.1 + gapps , ran it once , and installed cm10 + gapps . now it works fine ! anyway thanks for your help !
aosp keyboard crashing in cm is a known issue . i think you can go for a system wipe . but just go through the precautions you should do . try re-flashing your rom and gapps
while i 100% agree with liam 's answer , there are still solutions for countries where that law does not apply ( and to tell you a big secret : those solutions even work when the law is in effect -- but then you run the risk of punishment yourselves if you use such a solution where you should not ) . searching the playstore for " shutter sound off " yields more than 100 results . as usual , not all of them are really hits : most of the " spy cams " surely will disable the sound , but most likely you want to use your own camera app , and not one of those . if you are rooted , you can simply delete the sound file for the camera shutter sound . aside from this , an article on androidadvices offers 3 different solutions : put your phone in silent mode by keeping the incoming calls ring volume to zero you can keep your phone in silent and thereby there will be no sound when you take a snap or record a video . this is the easiest way by which you can turn off the shutter sound . but mind you that you will not be notified of any incoming calls or any sms or email that you receive . i.e. , to stop shutter sound you need to put your phone in silent mode . use uva silent widget camera android app ( well , or one of the others from above search results ) install cyanogenmod once the cyanogenmod 7.1.0 up and installed on your rooted phone , you need to go through the settings &gt ; cyanogenmod settings &gt ; sound and then select mute camera shutter . on some devices with ics , the camera app itself offers a feature to disable the shutter sound :
just disable or mute your media sound ; that will also mute the camera shutter sound on ics .
sorry to tell you this , but due to laws in many countries , there is no way to disable it without removing the file which needs root . sorry to be the bearer of bad news !
go into settings> applications select all applications . scroll the the very bottom of the list as you should see an app named " downloads " select it , and then change it from " disabled " to " enabled " .
afaik the n1 does not require signed firmware , at least not once you unlock the bootloader -- it is a dev phone . unofficial confirmation : i specifically purchased a nexus one because it supports the ability to flash the phone with unsigned firmware .
i have run into this with some apps that break the link to the icon after an update . i have had to remove the icon and re-add it to get it to work again . i doubt that is any help to you but you could suggest they do that until you fix your code .
sounds like you may have changed the default launcher in your android manifest . check which activity has your ' launcher intent ' and if you have changed this . it will only occur on some phones . a fix is a total uninstall and reinstall .
if your device is rooted , you can use apps like autorun manager ( arm ) to list up all registered listeners , and even can disable/enable them at will ( e . g . to prevent a certain app from firing up at times you do not want it to ) . this would correspond to " clearing an association " .
you can remove some Intent associations by going to the specific app that you specified the Intent for in the Settings --> Applications --> Manager Applications --> [Find your app] --> "Clear Defaults" button . there is no way to view all associations given from Intents to Apps
i believe it is a no to both those questions . yes you can clear default associations only if you know which app is associated with with Intent ( you will still be prompted with the dialog asking you which app you had like to use with the current Intent ) . apart from that there is no way to clear associations . they are hard coded inside each app , there is no way to remove them . update : to answer your edited question head to settings > applications > manage applications find your application that you chose as your default app for that intent , click clear defaults
not possible at this time . this answer in the google support forums indicates that it can not be done , but that it will be forwarded on as a feature request .
things like this sometimes happen when something gets stuck in cache . to solve that , the easiest approach is : boot into recovery select to " wipe cache " which works for both , stock recovery ( aka "3e" ) and custom recoveries . of course , with a custom recovery you can also " wipe dalvik " – does not hurt , just causes a longer first-boot after that . side effect might even be improved performance , especially when you frequently install/update/uninstall apps , as this wipe forces the entire dalvik cache to be rebuilt cleanly . the important part however is the " normal cache " , where it is more common that " things get stuck " .
also see http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=734138 for a discussion about how they might . mechanisms other than apn change might include time to live request header data volume answer seems to be probably not .
not likely , the flash storage itself usually have built-in hardware wear leveling , yaffs2 is only advantageous when the flash storage does not have hardware wear levelling . however if you are reformatting a flash storage , do check that the flash storage have hardware wear leveling ; most flash storage that originally ships with ext4 ( e . g . nexus s ) should come with hardware wear leveling , but if the device originally ships with yaffs2 or other file systems that does not do wear leveling , they might not have hardware wear leveling . on these file systems , you might need additional steps to ensure that a lower level driver do software wear leveling if you want to safely install ext4 ( or other filesystems that does not do wear leveling ) .
where did you see that all gingerbread devices will use ext4 ? the nexus s uses ext4 and that is because the galaxy s devices uses a very slow and laggy file system developed by samsung called rfs . google decided to change the file system on the nexus s from rfs to ext4 .
the most likely cause is that your pc can not supply enough current over the usb connection to charge your phone while it is awake . smartphones draw a lot of power these days , so their chargers use extensions to the usb standard to supply more power , so they can charge even while the phone is in use . most pcs do not support these extensions , so they can not . the solution is to use the charger to charge your phone . you can buy a y-shaped usb cable which splits the power and data connections , so you can have it plugged into the pc and charger at once if need be . some docking stations also have this ability .
depending on the app you use , it may be in a different folder . i know when i am looking for a file ( photo or download ) , i have to check my internal partition " download " folder , my external ( sd card ) " download " folder , or sometimes even on the root of either partition . if you used a standard browser ( stock browser , opera , firefox , chrome , etc ) , they all should have their own in-app download manager that lists the files you have downloaded . you should be able to open the file within the browser app ; if you can not , then you know the file is not downloaded .
you can go to the setting of sms app , when you see the sms interface , you hit the menu button , then you can see the option
ok , after a lot of headache ( the replacement sd card i got sent from where i originally purchased turned out to be a 2gb card rebranded to be 16gb ! ) , i think i now understand everything a bit better . this is my understanding of the situation : flashed with insertcoin rom ( and possibly other roms ) the sd card needs to be partitioned in a particular way for the custom rom to work ( ie it requires an ext2/3/4 partition to boot up ) . so inserting a brand new unpartitioned sd card would not work . you will at least need to format the card accordingly . with the correctly formatted card , i would imagine you can then boot up the phone . data on the sd card will obviously be lost , but data on the phone should be ok . note : when i put in the new sd card , i wiped all caches , phone memory etc and re-flashed the rom , so i lost everything . though having played around with it a bit more , i do think it would have been possible if i just partitioned the sd card and booted the phone up . ( not tried , just an educated guess , and if it is true , it will hopefully mean you lose less data in the unfortunate event that your sd card retires ) stock non-flashed phone my guess is that you will be able to insert a new card and things should work . data on the card will obviously be lost .
there is no reason you can not use the original card .
theming is independent of the launcher , although both may be considered part of the ui ; for example , the touchwiz launcher and theme are elements of samsung 's touchwiz ui . my samsung vibrant is running a custom rom called bionix , and they have re-themed the device so my checkboxes look like this ( perhaps the only thing i dislike about the rom ) :
basically , yes . that is samsung 's ui/framework , touchwiz . other manufacturers have their own uis as well , including htc 's sense and motorola 's motoblur . the nexus s has the " stock " android ui .
use framaroot to unroot it you can install the apk and run , it will show option to root it or unroot it and you can check the unroot your phone will be back to normal as you got it from factory
download supersu from play store and try again . or re root your device using original method .
you can make this happen by going in poweramp settings-> headset/bluetooth an uncheck pause on headset disconnect and resume on wired headset and that should be it
the following application : soundabout allows you to disable the headphone plug/unplug event detection in the settings : select wired headset behaviour and remove the tick from the wired headset detection ( ticked by default ) from my understanding what it basically does is that it registers a broadcast receiver for the following broadcast with the intent : intent . action_headset_plug and the receiver cancels the event using the abortbroadcast method . as previously mentioned by @nightcrawler most media player on android like poweramp , play music , vlc etc all have an extra setting to specify their behaviour on a headphone plug/unplug event ( ignore/comply )
go to settings -> accounts $ sync -> add account add your existing google account here check the sync calender checkbox to synchronise your calender with your google calender .
this sounds like the x10 's calendar app ( and possibly its settings ) . a quick ' google resulted in this quote from a groups discussion that relates to your problem : i have found that in at least one scenario , the x10 mini calendar app itself is to blame . when i installed the app " business calendar free " on my x10 mini pro , i could see everything and sync flawlessly , while the built-in calendar still showed nothing . have you tried a 3rd-party calendar app like the aforementioned business calendar ? if a 3rd-party app works you will at least know where to start digging . it also happens to be an app i use and recommend as a replacement for stock calendar apps , problems or not .
with most ota updates someone inevitably pulls the raw . zip file off some server and posts it online for others to use before they get the official ota notice on their phones . if your phone is currently on build number grh78 then download this . zip file . if your phone is currently on grh78c then download this . zip file . rename it update.zip and place it in the root folder of your sdcard . shut your phone off . hold down the volume up and power buttons at the same time to access the bootloader . use the volume keys to navigate to recovery . press the power button to select it . you should see a triangle with an exclamation point in it . hold down the power button and tap the volume up button to access the recovery menu . use the volume keys to navigate to apply update from /sdcard , select it with the power button , choose update.zip and press the power button to start the update . when the update is complete , reboot your phone . ( these instructions were taken mostly from http://www.intomobile.com/2011/02/24/how-to-manually-update-your-nexus-s-to-android-2-3-3/ except for the download links . i do not own a nexus s and have not tested this personally . if these instructions look incorrect to you [ or anyone else ! ] do not use them . if at any step during the update process the instructions do not line up with what you see , you should stop proceeding and use menu options to back as far out as you can from the menus . i am not responsible for anything that happens to your phone , good or bad . )
you need an intermediate wifi ap to which both android and your laptop connect . the integrated wifi hotspot functionality will not work as it does only forward the internet connection and hides the rest ( it adds a new 192.168.42/24 subnet and does nat internally ) . technically speaking , of course , there is a way to do it . but it requires root and you would need to setup the network by hand ( iptables , ip tools required ) and make sure that the app does bind to the wifi hotspot standard gateway ip 192.168.42.129 and that there are no firewall rules to block it .
did your phone come with some apps pre-installed on it ? that can sometimes cause issues with the update process . pre-installed apps are often placed in the system directory and the market might not properly update them . if you can , see if the apps that are listed as updatable are pre-installed . another potential issue is a mismatched signing key . it is more common if you install development versions of apps , but an app that is signed with a key that does not match the market version cannot be updated .
this could potentially be caused by having an app that has been restricted since you downloaded it . if it is no longer available for your device / network / location then it will not show up in the market , but it is possible that the market still checks to see if a newer version is available . i believe i had this issue back with the v2 . x market , but not since i uninstalled the app in question .
i have noticed that having multiple android devices can trigger my update notifications . i , of course , use the same account for both devices but when updates are available on one , they are not aways available on both . i will typically get a notification on both devices .
this is a little bug with something in the marketplace . the way i have fixed it is by uninstalling the updates for the market . just go to settings - applications - manage applications - go to market and select uninstall updates . launch the market , it will be a much older version . give your phone about 30 minutes and the market will update to the newest version and you will no longer have the update notification issue .
you could try clearing the cache/data for the market app . settings-> applications-> market , select the market app , then click the " clear data " button . ( you may need to force stop the market app first )
if you have multiple google accounts setup , click menu , then accounts , to make sure the proper account is selected . then click menu , then my apps .
the latest version of the market will automatically update apps that you have allowed to auto-update . the checkmark notification will disappear from the notification area immediately after the update . those apps that are not allowed to auto-update will be unupdated so when you go to the market those will be left unupdated .
( initially , the device had xxjpk radio firmware , and it worked bad in moscow ( megafon operator ) . another device had spjg2 radio firmware , and it worked a bit better here . ) then i tried : xxjvt , which was installed together with cm10 . and it worked almost as bad again ( no signal in our apartment , where previously another samsung galaxy s had connection ) ; jw1 , jw4 ( radio-cm-7-GalaxyS-JW4-signed.zip ) , which were bad again ; Modem_XXJVT-CWM3.zip ( again xxjvt ) could not be installed into my device with cm10 from my cwm-based recovery ( something incompatible ) ; radio-cm-7-GalaxyS-JVT-signed.zip , which worked bad ; and , finally , ZSJPG_ICS.CM.I9000.zip ( from cm10 files ) works better ! -- it has better signal in many places ( but not as good as some other old mobile telephones with the same sim card in the same places ) . ( i saw a good reference to zsjpg in a message at xda-developers from april 2012 : " what do you prefer for a good stable rom in holland ? -- zsjpg . . best modem ever made" ; i started searching for it because i saw it among the popular/most-downloaded radio-modem-firmwares for sgs at 4pda . ru ( in russian ) ; in another thread at 4pda . ru ( in russian ) , it is listed among the modems for asia , and there is a comment below saying that jpg was the only one that worked good for that person in an office building . ) ( feel free to give other good tested radio firmwares here , if you have some experience or information ! )
yes this is possible . power adapter can be plugged into tablet or dock . it is possible to charge the tablet from the dock while the dock is being charged , remove the tablet , use tablet , return to dock for charging . hope this helps pete
from my experience i would guess you have bought a device imported by a private store rather from a local carrier , the people where you bought it should have replaced the stock rom into a hebrew supporting one after opening the package . i had the same thing done to my device after purchase and it will not void your warranty in any way . either ask them to do so or just root your device and flash a hebrew rom from the web ( may void warranty ) .
i found a workaround , downloaded a firmware from http://www.sammobile.com/firmware/ and updated my galaxy s3 with that using odin . upon first reboot my phone hangs showing only boot screen with samsung logo for about 2 hours , then i restarted phone in clockworkmod recovery did a wipe data / factory reset and then restarted the phone again , i got the default firmware back . then connected the phone to pc using kies and upgraded the firmware .
no , there is no public api that allows developers to create camera apps that takes raw photos . based on what i have read in dpreview.com, implementation would have to be at driver level , and specific to each device . also , raw files taken by camera phones would also look nasty .
try appmgriii , its free , as there is no default option available .
the other way of doing this is more simpler , the blog which was where i learnt this from . adb shell pm getInstallLocation , the value returned is 0 is default . 0 is auto , will by default android os will install it as it sees best . 1 is internal , apps will get installed to the internal filesystem . 2 is external , apps will get installed to the external filesystem , by way of sd card . now , to change that to external location adb shell pm setInstallLocation 2 , the changes will persist across reboots and any apps will get installed to the sdcard by default . beware : i am unaware if this will work in the newer later versions of jellybean . as the latest i have is cm 10.1 android 4.2 so the mileage may vary . amendment : as per @izzy 's comment below , the newer jellybean version and probably will remain for later android versions from that point onwards the commands used above are , adb shell pm get-install-location and adb shell pm set-install-location respectively in place of the older commands as highlighted above . reference found here
you have to root your device : http://www.idroidspace.com/root-samsung-galaxy-mega-5-8-and-install-cwm-touch-recovery/ then install the app in the sd memory and then ( finally ) you can unroot your device so to do not lose the warranty or the o.s. update
instead of mount -o rw,remount /dev/block/mmcblk0p25 /system  try mount -o rw,remount /system 
to fix my device i did the following : pull the battery to get the device to stay off ( if you are quick you might be able to hold the power button and select shut down before it reboots ) while the device is off hold both volume buttons and the power button . this will bring up a bootloader menu use the volume buttons to change selection to " recovery mode " press power button to select once there is an android guy with an exclamation on the screen press volume up+power at the same time . i had to try a few times to get it to work . seems like you have to hit them in just the right way . this will bring you to another menu that you navigate with volume buttons and select with power . choose " factory reset " wait several minutes for the reset to complete . once it is done select reboot . at this point my device booted back up fine but was still stuck in a boot loop . i panicked slightly get the device to the off state again . either by pulling the battery or holding power and selecting shut down from the menu quickly while it is actually on . i went with the latter this time , though i did have to be quick about it to not be interrupted by a reboot . press the power button to begin turning the device on when you see the " google " logo press and hold the volume down button . continue holding the volume down button until the device is fully up and running . you should see " safe mode " in the lower left corner . while in safe mode my device did not reboot itself . i took this opportunity to complete all of the device setup menus once done setting up the device i turned it off and back on in the normal manner once it came back up it was no longer stuck in boot-loop . note : i factory reseted the device because it is not the phone i carry and it had nothing i cared about on it . if you are having this issue with your real phone i suggest trying safe mode before resetting as the actual reset did not seem to fix it .
does the rest of the internet work ? or is it just the netflix service ? in any case , contact your vpn service provider for advise . as long as the vpn connection is not terminated ( as you say it isn’t ) any problem is likely to be much easier debugged on the service providers side . you have noticed a pattern , and that should be debuggable for them .
there is an app called jelly bean keyboard by vllwp but there is a pro version to if you want .
cyanogenmod and other custom roms still offer it as part of their rom packages , and some people have posted the keyboard apk online . this version will not update like google 's keyboard and can be installed on pretty much any rom . you will need to enable it settings > language and input . aosp keyboard ( 4.2.1 ) aosp keyboard w/ number row ( 4.2.2 ) either of these will work and give you back the old layout .
you could try hacker 's keyboard .
i think i just figured it out , after having this complaint myself : go to language and input in settings and turn off spell checker . the keyboard still suggests proper spellings for me , and it inserts apostrophes automatically again .
i also hit this issue . i even went as far as downloading the ics source code . it would seem that the music app on the nexus is " google music " , whereas the old music player is " android music " . the old one is actually included in the source code , but it is not installed as part of the standard image . i actually compiled the old one , and installed it , and when i created playlists there , they were visible to other apps . i suspect that because " google music " can do much more - cloud storage , music store etc . this means that it stores playlists differently . for example , an external app would not know what to do with a playlist which included content which needed to be streamed from google music ( and probably would not be able to access the service . i think google are changing the strategy in the apis . they now want you to use music controls to play the music in its default player . this makes some sense , but makes it very difficult to support apps which work in &lt ; 3.0 and > 3.0 , and will probably become more complicated as more people manually download google music .
have you looked on the market ? there seem to be a few dvorak keyboards available . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.reyn.truedvorakfeature=search_result https://market.android.com/details?id=net.xenionsh.android.dvorakfeature=search_result you should probably shop around and try as many as you can find . if you do not know how to switch to an alternate keyboard you have installed , look here : http://www.simplemobilereview.com/change-your-android-soft-keyboard-system/ if you are looking to change whatever keyboard you use now to the dvorak layout , that may be harder . it would depend on which keyboard you are using .
i am not sure is dvorak is available on stock firmware for optimus v , but there are many 3rd-party keyboard apps on the market that have it ( some require a separate download via a plugin . ) once installed , activate it by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Language &amp; keyboard , and marking the checkbox next to the newly installed keyboard app . then bring up any text field ( e . g . google search ) and long-press it . tap on the " input method " menu item , and you will be presented with the list of all currently installed and enabled keyboard apps . select the one which has dvorak layout and you will immediately be able to use it .
this can e.g. be realized using tasker ( in fact , i am even using it that way for " prolonged screen timeout " with reading apps ) : condition : app ( opens a popup to select one ore multiple apps , chose the ones you want to act upon ) task : keyguard ( disable ) display -> timeout ( optionally increase display timeout ) the tasks would be executed as soon as one of the selected apps is running in foreground , and reverted to what it was before as soon as the condition no longer is met . note : i know that tasker does not come cheap ( ~5 bucks ) , but it is worth every cent . to " try before buy " , visit its homepage , where you can download a 7-day-trial .
i know that it is possible to use two messaging programs in same time ( like two browsers ) , but i do not think it is possible to one program handles messages from one person and other program handles for other person .
open the script up using an app , such as root explorer , and add the line su to the beginning , and try again .
try running su from the terminal first , then run ubuntu.sh again .
there is a nice german tutorial on androidpit ( same page using google translate ) , explaining this in detail . moreover , you might want to check with the q and a how to check success status of opened url in tasker ? .
there are several possibilities : manually setting all volumes to 0 , except for those channels you want to keep ( e . g . alerts , notifications , system ) . issue : on some devices/systems some channels seem to be " locked together " , so as soon as e.g. volume for calls is increased , some other slider increases automatically along . an app like audio control might help on that . same thing , but use some automation tool ( e . g . tasker ) . this might work-around the slider-lock . disabling notifications from the app ( might not work if the app does not count that as " notification" ) if root access is available : replace/remove the corresponding sound file ( credits go to dan for this ) using a helper like app override . unfortunately this is no longer available on google play , so i linked to the original thread on xda .
this is most likely caused by moboplayer being the only installed app having itself registered for mp3 capabilities . if you install any app which also announces this to the system ( e . g . a second player ) , you should be prompted which one to use . of course this would only offer moboplayer and that second app as choices . alternatively , you might take a look at open with . i did not test it , but according to its description it should intercept here and offer you to select the target app you want to use . not sure if it only integrates with the " share " menu -- but certainly worth a try .
i believe it means the battery is overheating .
i think is because it is advising that the micro usb is connected to charge the battery , but the battery is not charging , temperature or other reason
the only way i could fix this on my htc one v was to perform a factory reset .
auto wifi toggle has been getting quite a lot of traction this past week and it looks like it may be what you are looking for . it will search for wifi networks in your range every interval ( set by user ) and then connect to them . auto wifi toggle :
i had the same problem with my san francisco . the wifi would not reconnect properly after the screen had woken . have not tried ' auto wifi toggle ' but ' wifi auto reenabler ' set to ' disconnect then re-connect ' on wake seems to be working for me .
google reader is a cloud-based feed reader service . on top of this service , there are many apps as a front-end to user . e.g. - official google reader apps ( web , android ) , feedly ( firefox , android ) etc . google currents is a front-end digital magazine/ newspaper delivery app ( with cloud sync ) available to android and ios ( no web interface yet ) . google currents can read feeds , but it was not designed for that . google has a vision attached with it : real digital magazine/ newspaper delivery which is beyond normal feed reading ! see the differences : feed publishers do not have control of content display in end app , but currents publishers do have . they can divide their currents in sections , sub-sections . they can decide the layout of this digital magazine etc . its not just nice looking magazine interface . . its more than that . feedly , which sync with google reader , also provides magazine interface , but its not really a magazine . think about your real-world magazine reading experience . currents can be premium . current publishers can charge you which is not possible with google reader . while there is a concept of premium feeds ( which is rare ) , google reader can only subscribe it . but , google currents can be marketplace for that . google currents can not replace google reader because its different thing . if you do not have special interest in those hand-created digital publications , go for google reader . you can use it on web , windows , mac , ubuntu etc along with tablets and smartphones ( all in sync for read/unread status , starred items ) . you can have thousands of interface choices thanks to google reader api . and yes , you can always mix feeds in google reader to create your own feed dj ( which is not possible with google currents ) .
google reader google reader is a web-based tool for gathering , reading , and sharing all the interesting blogs and websites you read on the web . it was released by google on october 7 , 2005 and graduated from beta status on september 17 , 2007 . is available on any modern web browser with javascript enabled . for further information visit : google support - getting started with google reader wikipedia - google reader google currents google currents is an app that delivers beautiful magazine-like editions to your tablet and smartphone for high speed and offline reading . it was released by google in december 2011 is currently available for android and ios devices . for further information visit : google currents webpage google play - google currents page wikipedia - google currents to answer your questions what is the difference between the two ? r : the major difference is that google currents is an app to be installed on your tablet or smartphone , while the google reader is a web-based application . is there any reason to use one over the other ? r : the major reason is that google current is currently available for tablet and smartphones , while the google reader , being a web-based application can be used on every device with an javascript ready web browser . does currents replace reader ? r : have not found any indication that google currents came to replace google reader . actually the opposite seems to be happening , as the google currents can accept your feeds from your google reader account . think of google currents as a more flexible way of reading feeds without the need of a web browser . reader app vs currents app you have mentioned on the comment for this answer that there is a currents app and a reader app . yes , it does exists and i did not know about it . just installed to compare the differences : reader app : continues to be a plain old fashioned rss feed , just with a new " face " . from differences between the mobile and standard web interface ( google support ) the mobile interface accesses the same subscriptions as the standard web interface , and items read on your mobile device will be marked as read in the standard interface as well . similarly , items read on the web will be marked as read in the mobile interface . the only difference is that you can not set up subscriptions from your mobile device . currents app : instead of adding direct rss feeds , you can add featured sites from well over 150 publishers that google has partnered with . they include forbes , techcrunch , allthingsd , the huffington post , abc news , al jazeera , and the guardian . you can choose sites from other featured topics including business , design , science and tech , sports , and your rss feeds from your google reader account . additionally , you can be a google producer and add your own content to google currents .
one other important thing to add about google currents is that depending on how many things you subscribe to , it can add on tons of megabytes to your phone 's memory . i have a samsung galaxy s3 and i noticed that with my subscriptions and feeds , the currents app is currently eating up 180 mb of memory on my phone . if that is not a problem for you , then currents is a nice format to read info that you receive from your google reader or maybe check out some magazines even . i myself can go without the frills to save that space on my phone . i believe in the end , it all just boils down to personal preference .
if your recovery mode is also password protected , you are out of luck with gui interface from device . go to download mode and flash the rom . this is the only solution if you do not have password .
since i do not know what the password is , i played around with it and failed enough times that it told me that if i failed one more time i could lose data on the sd card . so i failed one more time ( i did not care about the sd card ) and it did the reset just fine .
you can " wipe user data " from recovery mode , though that also means that you get to spend a few hours setting up your phone again .
from what i recall , that report does not show anything that has used less than 1% . considering how much of it is screen usage , i will bet that that is the issue .
you can not do this with the old " android browser " , but you can in chrome , which is downloadable from google play and comes installed on all recent android devices . the feature you are looking for is called chrome remote debugging , and it relies on having chrome on your desktop and adb enabled and connected .
palliatively , i installed kingsoft office , although it is so big for my device ( it is about 13mb in size , and all my internal storage is just 180mb ) . . . so i had to remove some apps to install it . well , it does the work well : show special characters without issues . but i wait for a solution for polaris office . . .
there is a way to use promo codes now . it is kind of hidden but it is there . just find the app you want to buy in google play and click the buy button and continue until you get to the payment options window . now click the " pay with:" dropdown and select " redeem google play gift card or promo code " . you will now have a box for entering promo codes .
there is no way to use coupon codes with google play .
copying a working su binary does not make the device rooted ! the method of rooting depends on supporting files , for instance : a shell script a binary that exploits possibly , another script to copy over the superuser app . . . also , it is entirely dependent on whether your handset can be rooted or not depending on kernel , android version , manufacture/make of handset . with jellybean 4.3 , it is now much harder to exploit and security has been clamped down more , this caused headaches for the creator of chainfire 's superuser app in order to work around the extra security put in place by default . it will be a matter of time now , when trying to exploit and gain root will become harder !
or , if not ftp , and not rsync/scp , but an ssh server ( like droidsshd , a free/libre ssh server which i could find that would work on my non-rooted galaxy s with android 2.2 ) , you could use the simple script rpush-into to continue an interrupted transfer . in rpush-* scripts , i have implemented the file-transfer through ssh with the help of only the basic cat and ls on the remote side . so that it can be used even if the ssh server on android does not provide scp , sftp , or rsync .
i am not absolutely sure , but i believe that that is a feature of samsung 's touchwiz ( proprietary build of android ) and only works select samsung tablets/phones , among them the galaxy s5/4 , note 3 . the lg g flex also boasts to have " dual window " , and lg g pro 2 has qslide for limited multitasking . other aftermarket android projects are working on it ( omnirom , paranoidandroid ) but that still requires a rooted device . the next best thing are " floating " apps , like floating apps ( free , $1.99 ) or tiny apps ( free , $2.03 ) . these apps create smaller windows that float over all other applications allowing you to interact with multiple apps simultaneously .
the samsung note 10.1 , 10.1 2014 , and 8 as well as the samsung note 12 pro are all samsung tablets that support multi window . also , in addition to the list provided in the answer prior to mine , the note 2 phablet has multi window ( note that not so apps can use multi window on the samsung devices though ) . there are also at least a few apps that you can download on most android devices ( not sure if they are usable on old versions of android ) that give you some multi window functionality , but typically only a few apps are supported and there seem to be many apps labeled multi window that are ripoffs so you have to carefully research each first . a few that appear good based on my research are multitasking and ixonos .
thanks to @danhulme in the comments . he asked me if the phone registered a connection in the notification bar and it did not . i wiggled the cable then pushed it all the way to the left and the phone was detected by windows . must be a dirty or failing micro-usb port . if cleaning it does not work i will be returning the phone under warranty .
there are apparently lot of quack cables out there that will charge the phones nicely but when it comes to data transfer will not meet the protocol needs and usb will not detect anything connected on the usb device driver to kick in at all . i struggled with a bunch of cables in my house for months . yes countless hours trying to figure out why the heck my windows 7 will not detect at all , to the point where i said i am giving up on android and going iphone . thankfully luckily i decided to try one new cable and lo and behold , two different phones immediately got recognized on windows 7 ( an lg and a nexus ) . so even though it sounds dumb , these darn cables are a major culprit ( or the connector jack/pins rather ) .
as long as pictures/videos are involved , you might want to take a look at monte gallery . this app offers you a.o. the feature to add descriptions and tags to pictures , and then lets you browse them by tags . it also offers browsing by location , and ( as you can see by the screenshots on its market page ) , a nice " calendar view " , grouping pictures by " date taken " . only thing missing is to combine those using a search mask , like " show me all pictures tagged foobar taken between [ dates ] on [ location ] " : )
you still need to develop android-specific apps , but you should be able to reuse most of your code if you a rewriting a desktop air app for android . so users can not just grab a regular air app and run it on their phone , unfortunately .
no . there are alternative , customisable sms apps though , like chompsms or handcent sms .
we created an app that allows you draw + chat with multiple users in real-time . it is also a social network so can add friends , upload stuff , view a newsfeed etc . market : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.che.squibble.client website : https://www.squibblebox.com let us know what you think !
to the date , no the best you can get is to share your whiteboard through wi-fi . go to goolge play store and search for whiteboard apps . you will find a plenty of great apps . hope this helps .
from whatsapp 's faq : " online " and " last seen at " are timestamps that tell you whether that your contacts are online , or the last time they were connected to whatsapp . " last seen at " refers to the time the contact left whatsapp . you can also think of this as " went offline at " so having the app open would still show you as " online " , but does not mean that any messages are being sent . note that even then , the timestamp might still be incorrect .
the whatsapp last seen timing is actually when was the last time the contact was seen online , or last used whatsapp . it is a time stamp that is generated by the whatsapp server . there are actually apps that track last seen timings of contacts , like this one called spyder . it is pretty cool ! it is like an msn console that shows which of your friends are online right now !
you could start off by checking if this is a problem with the messaging app itself . install an alternative sms app ( i use go sms pro myself ) . if all 's fine with the alternative app , and you do not mind using it ( they are much more powerful anyway ) , problem solved . otherwise , you could try out what patchie is suggesting .
i would re install android to the newest version . either do it yourself , or go to a phone shop and pay 10$ or so for them to reinstall your phone . if this solves your problem , it was a cheap fix . if it did not work , you can go back to the phone shop where you bought the phone and make them fix it in guarantee . if you want to try to download and install an awesome rom for your phone , you should read this : http://www.cyanogenmod.com/devices/samsung-galaxy-s2
are you sure that you receive the message ? maybe you have the problem described here ( forget the part about wifi ) . if you do not get a beep nor a top screen message but you get the message once you re-enter on the talk application ( after a small delay ) maybe the problem is that you lose the connection with the server .
as far as i know , the default ssh port is 22 on ubuntu , just as " lie ryan " pointed out . you might want to check your sshd_config files on your pc , if you want to take a look at this article , it specifies on how to change the default ssh configuration on ubuntu--as well as the official documentation . beyond that , check your current firewall settings , you might be able to open that specific port temporarily to ssh-type service if you want to confirm that it is not something else . aside from that , it seems to me that this question was asked more than 6 months ago ; if the op has not figured it out by now , i doubt he will be interested to pursue it further . i suggest either accept an answer , provide update on the situation since , or perhaps close the question . edit : depending on your android ssh-server app , and whether or not you are running it with su privileges , this is from the " quicksshd " website : non-root users are limited to ports &lt ; 1024 and the quicksshd application user , which can read and write to the sd card .
the default ssh port is 22 not 2222 , perhaps that is the root cause of the issue ? try connecting on port 22 .
reading the very first line on google play for shark reader application for reading pcap files . which implies the op needs some tool to generate pcap files . . also , reading this also on google play for shark for root traffic sniffer , works on 3g and wifi ( works on froyo tethered mode too ) . to open dump use wireshark or similar software , for preview dump on phone use shark reader . based on tcpdump . please leave comments/send e-mail if you have any problems/suggestions . bolded sentence is my emphasis , so it seems a bit confusing and mis-leading . from the description on the play store , it is saying that using wireshark is a pre-requisite for shark reader to work . . but cannot find the actual app called the same . there is one available for desktop pc 's to allow sniffing of ethernet traffic , but for android , remains to be seen . also , for what its worth , sniffing traffic on 3g is questionable as that is dependent on if the radio base-band allows promiscuous mode , that is a given in order to be able to sniff traffic , even though its unlikely , due to proprietary nature of radio firmware . . ) wifi on the other hand , is extremely dependent of the capability of sniffing also , not all of them have the capability to go into promiscuous mode , again mileage will vary depending on the wifi chipset/driver and kernel regardless if rooted .
you could try wifinspect [ root ] or packetshark . both have buildin package analyse features . as far as i know , package sniffing is only possible for wifi .
i use alarmdroid . you can adjust it by either by +/- or pressing the hour/minute to get a number pad :
i finnaly found it and i hope it helps : unless you already did so , go to settings&rarr ; language and input , tap the setting icon on samsung keyboard , go to advanced , and uncheck vibration and sound -- depending on which one you want ! this works for the jellybean update ok 4.1.2 . hope i helped !
in some versions of jelly bean the setting for activating haptic feedback is hidden . but there are a couple apps that can be used to enable it : quick settings , a plugin for all-in-one toolbox spare parts ( source )
System Sounds &gt; vibrate on touch .
directions taken from omg ! ubuntu ! . i’m assuming you backed up your data . download the corresponding android image from google . extract the downloaded zip . connect your nexus 7 to the computer with the usb cable . open a terminal window and type : adb reboot-bootloader , this will reboot the tablet into the android bootloader . in the terminal , use the cd command to enter the folder created after you extracted the previously downloaded zip , for example , Desktop/&lt;name of extracted folder&gt; once there , run the shell script : sudo ./flash-all.sh and wait for it to complete .
i would probably just flash it with a stock rom , also you should always backup any device before you screw with the operating system ( this goes for computers and phones ! ) make sure that the rom you flash your phone with matches the phone exactly . if you get a rom that is for your phone , but for a different carrier , it will brick your phone and you will be out of luck . good luck !
if the bootloader is really unlocked , you should install a custom rom . personally , i like the explos ! on rom , which can be found here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2000636 unfortunately , htc has not released a ruu for this phone , so it will be impossible to flash the original rom .
can you once try menu-> settings -> language and keyboard . the first entry is " select language " . english is third in the list in my phone .
you could get a us/uk firmware from samfirmwarec . com and flash it with heimdall / odin . but you will lose your warranty and i can not guarantee that it will work ( it could even leave your phone in an unusable state ) . flashing can be done with three easy steps : get your phone in download mode connect it with usb configure heimdall/odin and start the process there are some other things that you need to be aware off , but everything is documented in the links i included . maybe you son will also help you . : )
you can change to english : go to settings , then select language . i bought mine in beijing and i only use english .
it is always a good idea to save numbers in canonical format , this ensures that you will be able to call the contacts if you are roaming in an foreign country . you issue is surely related to the android rom you are using . you could try to use another rom . but as i stated before , saving the numbers in a canonical format will be the best solution .
go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync: ensure auto-sync is checked . check the relevant accounts to see if sync is enabled for them ( click the account and see what is checked off ) .
another possible cause : is your phone 's memory full ? if your phone is low on free memory , it will not sync any new data to it . you will have to uninstall some apps or move them to the sd card to resolve this .
features appbrain has that the market site does not : ability to save lists and keep them private or share them appbrain reviews on top of market reviews more sharing options more filtering options for browsing lists of popular apps app recommendations based on what you have installed shows the total amount you have spent on paid apps features the market site has that appbrain does not : two added categories : widgets and live wallpapers ability to install to device from websites without having to have an addon app that you have to periodically reauthorize like appbrain easily choose which device to install to if you have multiple devices ability to buy apps from the site shows videos that the developers have added to their market page these are all obviously subject to change .
mathijs vogelzang , developer of appbrain.com, answers ( well tries to ) this question in this article .
in the handset applications , appbrain does everything that the android market app does , and adds filtering options such as price , popularity , etc . that the android market app does not ( at this time ) . appbrain also offers the ability to follow others and share app lists .
single column rendering causes browser to use a different layouting algorithm . i am not exactly sure what the algorithm 's logic is , but it seems to be an attempt to force a website that were not designed for mobile to render in a single column for easier viewing on small screens . not sure if that is the case though , since enabling single-column view breaks the layout of android . stackexchange . com and disables text reflow , which makes reading much more painful than when using the default layouting . it seems this feature is not used for a reason , i cannot find a single web page that looks better when rendered in single column rendering mode ; even pages optimized for mobile views looks better in default than in single-column mode . the following are some screenshots comparing default and single-column rendering , the screenshot on the left are in no-single-column the screenshot on the right are the same page with single-column : android . stackexchange . com android . com wikipedia today 's front page mobile view : wikipedia today 's front page disable mobile view :
the about:debug menu on the htc desire hd has an option under menu > more > settings called " enable gep zoom " . this turns off htc 's text reflow feature and uses the default google zoom .
uastring will change the user agent string that browser sends when requesting page . user agent string is a short string ( text ) that the browser sends to identify itself to the server . many websites tries to detect the browser that is connecting to the website , and will serve different pages that is optimized for the browser . one of the most common method for such browser detection is by checking the uastring . the uastring setting basically spoofs the uastring and makes the server believes that android browser is really another browser . there are three options for uastring : android ( default ) desktop iphone the android uastring is the default uastring that is sent by android , websites may serve a mobile version of their site when detecting this uastring . desktop can be used to force the server to serve the desktop version of the site instead of serving up mobile-friendly version . on the other hand , iphone uastring can be used if you know that the server have a mobile friendly version optimized for iphone , but is not detecting android as a mobile phone and so is falsely serving a desktop version . for example , this is what http://www.useragentstring.com detects when my samsung spica used the various settings : when using android : Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; U; Android 2.2.2; en-au; GT-I5700 Build/Froyo) AppleWebkit/533.1 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Mobile Safari/533.1 when using desktop : Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10_5_7; en-us) AppleWebkit/530.17 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Safari/530.17 when using iphone : Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; U; CPU iPhone OS 3_0 like Mac OS X; en-us) AppleWebkit/528.18 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Mobile/7A341 Safari/528.16
javascript console is this thing : for some reason , the " show javascript console " bar will only show up in android . com website . not sure whether the syntax error triggers the console or if there is another reason why it shows in android . com and none of the other sites i have been checking .
best option would be to upload them to either youtube ( marked as private or unlisted if you do not want them searchable/viewable by others ) or dropbox . should take the same amount of time to upload both . once uploaded to dropbox you can share either the file or a link . i typically use youtube as it does not require the other person to download the large video . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.dropbox.android
i do not have any experience about the droid incredible 2 , but most android phones i have used allow to choose the quality of the recorded video from the camcorder app . decreasing the resolution would be the only way without using hosting services .
error code 331 is an error that you would get back from the sms gateway . it means : no network service is available . if you continue to get that message , i suggest you call your carrier .
unfortunately , there is no native method for this ( at least to my knowledge ) . but wifi switcher does exactly that . according to its description : the tool checks the registered wifi networks every 20 seconds . if one of these networks has better signal strength than the currently one , the tool changes the wifi network to this better one . but it is not that well rated ( 3.2 with 75 ratings ) . the alternative wifi jumper has a better rating ( 4.1@194 ) , but is not free : automatically connect to the strongest available wifi ( scaninterval configurable ) even unknown , but unsecured networks can be used automatically ( configurable ) optional : create wifi zones based on one or more radio cells to automatically start and stop wifi hardware .
you can do it manualy by using wifi analyzer and then connecting to the strongest wifi around you . i do not know an app that could automate this for you . link to app
if you are rooted , the best way to check is to go to /system and open build . prop , and then check if there is a line called ro.sf.lcd_density . this will give you the current lcd density , and you can even change it if you want .
i have created small app to check phone screen density . you could check it . phone density information
you probably have a diagonal screen size , and a resolution . use the pythagorean theorem on the resolution and divide the result by the screen size to get the dpi . for example , my vibrant is 4" , 800x480 . sqrt ( 800 2 + 480 2 ) / 4 = ~233 dpi .
even a cheap tablet with no official specs normally mentions the screen resolution on the box , did not yours ? if not , then you could visit a web page like http://www.whatismyscreenresolution.com/ ( there are many other similar websites out there ) or install an app like android system info that will tell you your resolution as well as your dpi . the dpi is just a measurement of how many pixels there are on an inch of your screen , so if you know your screen resolution , you can measure the size of your screen and calculate the dpi from there to get the actual density .
go to Settings &gt; Sound &gt; Volumes , then tick Link ringtone and notifications volumes . if it is not there , you can use an xposed module like gravitybox to achieve the same result . just look in the Media tweaks menu .
one way to do that is using tasker together with the secure settings addon . but this requires your device to be rooted since , um , ics at least ( android no longer permits apps to switch gps as it did with e.g. froyo and before ) . you could configure a condition for " boot completed " , with a task to disable gps . so it would be disabled at startup , and not touched from then on . you might even want to go a step further , and let tasker automatically switch gps back on as soon as you start selected apps ( useful for e.g. maps ) -- so you would not even need to remember turning it back on when needed . tasker and the secure settings addon ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant ) apart from that , once you have got used to setting up profiles with tasker , you will find many more things you can automate with it . sure , the app has its price ( worth every cent of it ) , and takes a little time to get used to . to first try it out , you will find a free trial on the homepage , working for 7 days . if that seems to short , here 's what the dev himself recommends : take care to export your configuration before the 7 days are up . then , at the end of the test period , uninstall tasker , re-install it , and import the saved backup -- you are ready for another 7 days then : )
photo saving location is up to the individual apps . stock android camera app , for example , always writes to sd card 's DCIM\Camera folder . other photo taking apps may have a different default location , but you should be able to change that in those apps ' settings . various photo managing apps will try to scan your entire sd card for images , and may pull in folders that belong to various other apps , not necessarily camera/camcorder . such apps usually have setting to specify which folders to include or exclude during such scans .
here is a summary of how i have implemented it . besides tasker , i also used : autonotification , for a richer notification . sms popup , for suppressing sms notification for the balance responses . sms auto delete , for silently deleting those sms responses after a while . profiles request balance on calls - on outgoing call , call balance before call , on exit call balance after call . process received balance - on sms received from the balance numbers , call process balance . show balance summary - on balance variable set , call show balance . tasks balance before call AutomatedBalance = Yes CheckConsumption = Yes Request balance by SMS  balance after call Wait 15 seconds Unset CheckConsumption Request balance by SMS Flash "Balance has been requested"  process balance show balance
action-> event-> phone-> received text *type:sms sender : phone balance content : balance new task-> variables-> variable set * name : %smsbalance to : %smsrb +-> alert-> popup * title : balance text : [ see in variables ] . . . voila
here is what is happening the update somehow unmounted and mounted partitons improperly . you will have to install ( flash ) custom recovery ( twrp , cwm , or other ) . go into the mount option to toggle settings . i do not know exactly which partition ( i think it was /data ? ? ? ) got mounted or unmounted , so i can not help you there . but i had the same problem when i got an upate on my acer iconia a500 . my 16gb turned into 1.2gb ! ! ! it took a little bit , but finally got it figured out . good luck ! !
disclamer - i dont have enough rep to place comments - so here is a suggestion . i have been looking around and found a blog from a user with your same device has got this thing rooted successfully here : http://androidxda.com/download-root-genius comment from user here : http://forums.androidcentral.com/ask-question/410785-need-help-rooting-envizen-tablet.html i suggest get your device rooted and then install ( clear some temp files before installing if you can . . . ) the disk utility from here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.diskusagehl=en from there you can see where your data is being used . . . ps : you dont necessary need root priv 's to get this utility working however i am presuming you have flashed this thing to perhaps to death and may have lot of old data which may be stored from within the system data part of your android device .
android apps are not . exe files - they are . apk files , which are effectively java . jar files with additional included information . the packages are installed in one of a few locations : /system/app - for system installed apps - you can not modify this folder . /data/app - any apps installed from the market are installed into here , and you as a user can modify the folder . /sdcard/.android_secure - apps that are moved to the sd card are stored here note that apps will also put data in a number of locations , and not all of these are on the sd card , even if the app itself is installed on the sd card ; this is likely your problem with the app on your device , and unfortunately - without rooting the device and using something like a2sd which enables you to move other partitions onto the sd card . for reference , also see this question on stackoverflow which has more info .
it sometimes helps to add the mac-address of an unconnectable device to the list of allowable mac-addresses even though all mac-addresses are allowed by default .
clutchpad can be setup to do pretty much whatever you want . . check it out here
if you are using the aokp ics roms , then there is a setting under System Settings-&gt;ROM Control-&gt;General UI-&gt;Long Press Home Action but it seems to only let you choose between different kinds of recent menu lists . i know this is a narrow part of your situation , but information for your taking nonetheless .
another method exists , and like you indicated , it requires at the very least root access and possibly a custom rom . hook your device up to a computer via adb . pull your keypad . kl file . for my htc evo 4g , it was /system/usr/keylayout/supersonic-keypad.kl , regardless of what it is called , you should find it somewhere close to /system/usr/keylayout open this file with a text editor , and edit as you please following the pattern of the file . for me , the home button is 102 , so remapping this key to the camera would be key 102 CAMERA WAKE_DROPPED . a key marked WAKE will wake the device when it is pressed , WAKE_DROPPED can affect the system without waking the screen . note : this may only allow you to change the functionality to built-in options , but there are several functions available , including volume options , other softkeys , camera , power , any characters , or playback controls , such as PLAYPAUSE . this is the android source and includes example keymaps .
you might be able to assign the required functions to the button with buttonremapper : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=850464
check out " need to write " in the market ! i just wrote this app so i am shamelessly advertising it everywhere . i was facing the same problems , so i made it to have no file size limit other than your sdcard size . ntw lets you display and edit files small chunks of the file at a time .
try ak notepad . i am not sure what the upper limit is , but i know i was able to create a 30kb file in there no problem .
after trying a lot of different recovery images finally one of them worked . cwm 5.0.2.7 flashed successfully . people with the same problem can download the working recovery image file from this link
you need to enable Unknown sources in the android settings ( on my device it is in the Security section ) . also enable USB debugging in Developer options .
based on android ics spell checker does not know how to spell ( english ) ? , spell-checker seems to be enabled [ but there is some issues ] . right now , i am on samsung galaxy s2 ics [ using cyanogenmod ] , and there is a checkbox to enable spelling correction . when i was using stock ics , i could turn off spelling / auto-correction , but it might be because i was also using a 3rd-party keyboard [ go sms pro ]
no , there will not be an app that changes it since it is in the system . you have to have root to change system settings . once you root , there may be a developer who has a file you can flash that will do it for you . i am sure that if you thought it was annoying , so has a developer . it is only slightly easier than changing it yourself .
press 3 line button beside ttpod to open the menu press " settings " press " downloads " press " audio auto download directory " and select where you want to save your files
if you format your sd card with the ext2 file system you can create a symlink from Camera to 100ANDRO . if you do this , any app that tries to read or write to Camera will be redirected to 100ANDRO . to do this , you will need a pc running linux , osx or another unix . as i do not have one available , i unfortunately cannot give you any exact instructions . note that you will not be able to mount your phone in msc mode on windows if you do this . also , i am not 100% sure that gingerbread does support ext-formatted sd cards .
use an app like gallery excluder . alternatively you could do it manually . in the folder that you want to exclude create an empty file and name it . nomedia than you need to delete the media scanner database . go to : Settings -&gt; Apllications -&gt; All -&gt; Media Storage -&gt; Clear Data  now reboot your phone . it might take a while for your pictures to appear again but these instagram folders will not be there . instagram unfortunately does not have an option to choose a folder for saving pictures . if the above does not work or if you want a really cool gallery app try quickpic .
when your phone is not turned on it can not have a adb service running ( disregarding the possible technical difficulties it would also be a security issue . ) try the following instead : 1 . take out your battery and connect the phone to a charger 2 . your phone should now turn on . 3 . insert your battery . it worked on my current and on my previous phones ( zte blade and huawei u8220 ) but it may vary by model and manufacturer .
as aureljared already pointed out , a factory-rest wipes the /data permission , so you cannot simply " exclude " and app and its data from being " removed " . however , you can backup it beforehand , and restore it afterwards . easiest way ( not requiring root ) is utilizing adb backup for this . it will require the adb tools installed on your computer 1 , and usb-debugging turned on on your device , but that is it . then you can either deal with it directly from your computer ( with the device attached via usb ) , or use a tool like helium - app sync and backup directly on your device ( after initializing it via your computer , if your device is not rooted ) to backup and restore all or selected apps . 2 1 see is there a minimal installation of adb ? and our adb tag-wiki 2 see my answer here and here for details
preserving the application itself ( apk ) can be easily achieved ( with root access ) by dropping the . apk in /system/app , but the configurations are a bit trickier to keep . factory resets generally do a wipe of /data , which also contains all the configs/gamesaves/etc that all apps installed have , so you might have to use a seperate backup app ( i recommend titanium backup ) for that .
dolphin mini blog post documents how to download the pdf file . q2: how to download pdf files ? a2: 1 ) long press the link of pdf files , choose the “save link” option in context menu . 2 ) click “download” option at the bottom of the page after you click the link .
simple hack : cover it with a small strip of black sticker . or , cover the nightstand with a handkerchief . complex hack : find if the usb port driver allows you to turn the light off ; i think that is quite unlikely , as it may be hardwired to the hardware itself .
no , most manufacturers interfaces are proprietary and cannot be modified to work on other devices . that being said , there have been attempts to get interfaces such as samsung touchwiz and htc sense working on specific other devices , but they are very unstable and not suited for everyday use . htc sense for the galaxy nexus ( alpha ) : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1535715 however , you may also be interested in specific manufacturers apps for your current rom . s voice : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2293870
you might want to visit the update page for neo v for closer information on how to update . it not only tells you what has changed , but also provides you with the required downloads . the link is to the uk version . i could not find any link for argentina , and the brazil page does not even list the neo v . so you might want to check around for yourself -- at least that is somewhere to start with .
wifi tethering may be a better option . on your htc one , go to : settings > more . . . > tethering and portable hotspot > portable wifi hotspot
depending on the version of android you can create multiple users where each user has its own accounts system . http://www.howtogeek.com/170191/share-your-android-tablet-and-keep-your-privacy-with-a-guest-account/ the only other way to work around this issue is to create a new account just for that device and use play store with it . most of google apps seems to be really coupled at the moment .
for reading ebooks on android phone , the best format is epub , because it can fit the android screen very well . my company 's software , pdfmate free pdf converter , is what i recommend .
try montana free ebook reader . it has multiple useful functions .
i ended up using epub2go . com to convert the pdfs to epub format then used aldiko to read them .
pdfs are easily readable , in my books . adobe 's reader app is actually pretty good , not bloated like the desktop version . as for conversion , google probably does a better job of giving you info that i could . the first result for this search is a site that will convert to the epub format , for example . adobe reader for android :
if you have a pc , try the calibre program . i converts almost every kind of ebook into every other format of ebook . so you can convert any pdf into any format our android device can read in whatever program you have or are accustomed with . best of all , it is free ! the pdf reader from adobe is a big program to install on the phone . . . and aside from that : i do not like the attitude of adobe to install updates every day ( mind you that is on the pc , but still - we are not living into an android only world , are we ? ) .
you can add more reminders for one single event . if you want something more " loud " you should edit the notification sound to something like a longer notifications sound so that it will vibrate for all the sound duration .
i do not know about older versions of android , but from my 2.1 version it is pretty straight-forward . from the home screen go to settings and tap " wireless and networks . " then " vpn settings " and add vpn and follow the prompts from there .
the best way is nfc trigger . . there is an app ( nfc trigger ) that can activate car mode automatically when the tag is close to the tablet
not a lot of information but to venture a guess -how old is the battery ? batteries do not last forever . what radios ( gps , bluetooth and so on ) are running ?
turns out this was caused by twilight , which had an option that can fix the install issue . with " auto-pause in specified apps " ticket , and " apk installer ( button fix ) " , the problem goes away .
you had have to find someone who is extracted it to an apk file , and side-load it onto your galaxy . this link gives a nice tutorial on how to side-load an app . probably the best place to start to find it extracted would be in the forums on xda .
this thread , while for the facinate , has the calendar files needed . you will have to delete ( backup them first ) the touchwizcalendar . apk and " original " calendarprovider . apk . then put the " stock " calendar . apk and calendarprovider . apk on the device . you will have to have root to do this since these files are in /system/app .
try using jorte . it offers several different views ( daily , weekly , monthly , agenda , tasks , etc . , and several different widgets for the different views . the widgets come in several different sizes too .
if you are using a different band of wireless-n , your wi-fi may not be detected by your phone , but can be detected by your laptop . i.e. i have a dual band d-link wireless router at home . all my laptops can detect both 2.4ghz and 5ghz bands , but my phone , ipod and nook only " see " the 2.4ghz band . check your router 's band to verify it matches what your phone can see ( usually 2.4ghz only ) . another thing to check in the router is security measures : you ( or whoever set up the router ) may have limited access or visibility , based on mac addresses , or a manual access page . update : the original question was changed after i posted my reply - which was right at the time . should i delete it completely , or just leave it here to collect negative replies ?
it sounds like you are trying to broadcast a wireless signal using your laptop so that your mobile devices can connect to it . if you set this up via the standard windows 7 networking tools it would have created an ad-hoc network , and android does not support ad-hoc connections out-of-the-box . you can , however , use a " softap " ( that is - software access point ) to broadcast a signal as an ap instead of in ad-hoc mode . connectify works great for me , and i would recommend giving it a try . a list of their supported wireless cards can be found here . additionally , you can try to " enable " ad-hoc networking on the nexus one using the steps described in this forum thread . these steps will require that you have rooted your device , however .
it appears that there are some defects in your handset . so , there are no simple hacks or mends specifically apply to your situation . but here are some . . . suggestions on how you can recover from the error . . . and some tips to . . . diagnose the issue . . . as you have asked . try using a different sim card in your device . these kind of problems are often caused when the sim card does not contact the metal connectors on your phone . check your signal strength . when there is poor signal levels , some devices act wierd when they are have poor reception form the carrier . go to your mobile network settings and try switching between the different network modes available . if none of the above solved your problem , you should talk to your dealer/manufacturer ( and claim your warranty if applicable ) or its time to change the handset . option for updating your os to the latest ice cream sandwich is non applicable . your device do not have an official update available ( src )
i am suspecting , after reading the logcat and dump , the kernel killed off quite a few processes , whether its down to the rom itself , or a buggy ril ( radio interface layer ) , ril is responsible for communicating with the cellular radio base-band firmware . this is the excerpt from the kernel , showing dolphin , alarm clock , google voice ( ? ) getting killed off : this is the excerpt from the telephony , note the gap in time logged , last logged at 19:23:48.949 and 19:35:33.144 : further on in the log related to telephony : the nitz ( network identity and time zone ) crops up a fair bit too , as shown below within the same telephony log , iirc , nitz handling was not exactly great up to ics , in which a patch was made to handle the handling of the timezones ( either roaming when browsing the net or something awry went wrong with the ril : the telephony errors shown , are sticking out like a sore thumb , and also down to the fact that froyo 2.2 , is old , and may not be able to handle whatever issue is with at and t that causes it . also , at and t could have had their systems updated/upgraded , that is sending out extra telephony information/nitz in a format that froyo cannot handle and freezes . best bet would be to try a firmware update and see if that resolves the issue . prior to doing an update , since the handset is rooted , best to make a backup of everything , use titanium backup to backup user apps and data , use sms backup and restore to save the sms messages . it will be inevitable that the upgrade will lose root , but then again , it would be easy to do that after the upgrade .
does the phone allow you to enter airplane mode ? try enable then disable it . this may not completely solve the problem , but is a workaround for other phones that have similar issues .
there is a beta version floating around xda . ymmv . this is being developed particularly for the s2 , although it might work with other devices having ffcs ( front facing cameras ) as well . see this thread for more details .
this is certainly possible with tasker , though i cannot give you the " complete recipe " . basically , you could create a task like this : execute command : ls -1 /path/to/your/files , and capture the output into a variable the command will list all files in the given directory , one file per line work on the variable . there are possibilities to convert it into an array , so you can use a for loop to handle each file again with variables , you can setup the rename command ( e . g . using variable search replace ) in a new variable . pseudo-code : mv "$old_name" "$(s/ /_/,$old_name)" but it is much easier to use a simple shell script in some terminal app ( or via adb shell ) to achieve the same : cd /path/to/your/files for file in $(ls -1); do mv "$file" "$(echo $file|sed 's/ /_/g')"; done 
i have the galaxy s3 and when i plug mine in it automatically connects as an installer , so if i want it to connect as a media device i manually have to change it to that . for your situation you might have to do the reverse . if you are keeping the " connect as a media device " and " connect as a camera device " box check all the time in developer options then what you can try is plugging it in without those boxes being checked , then see if it will default back to connecting as an installer when you next connect it . it also depends on what phone you have and since i do not know if you have the same phone as me or not i can not really give a super detailed answer specific to your phone .
it means exactly what it says in the faq . one tick - your message has been sent successfully and is waiting for them to open the app and look at it . two ticks - they have opened your message .
same as in normal chat . one person read message . -- drklo (github.com) source : https://github.com/drklo/telegram/issues/397
audio routing would have to be set in the application code itself . however , direct audio routing is deprecated since api level 5 ( android 2.0 ) . older versions of android navigation had this direct audio routing set to the route_speaker in their application code . but the newer versions of android have a system wide flag set with setspeakerphoneon or setbluetoothscoon if it should use the speaker or bluetooth . i am afraid that you will not be able to change anything about your setup since it is all build into the system and application code . all sounds will be routed through the same audio output in the newer versions of android and android navigation .
i created an app named soundabout that will help this issue , if anyone else comes across this situation .
mine too , also htc sense . my " my contact card " is not called ' me ' but rather has my name - it is linked to my facebook account which i think happened during set up . the htc site says this about " my contact card " . . . " my contact card provides a convenient way to store your personal contact information so that you can easily send it via mms . in addition , you can log in to your facebook and flickr accounts to receive notifications of your contacts ' updates and events . on the all tab of the people screen , tap me , and then tap here [ ? ? ] to edit contact . " anyway the result is that my phone has a perfectly good contact record for me from google mail/talk ( with my various phone numbers , email and physical address ) and another useless one sucked in from facebook - it does not seem possible to link my personal google contact record to my facebook record or to delete the ' my contact card ' . that is a bit of a mess really , shame as the rest of the gmail/facebook integration is very good .
perhaps " me " is a reserved name in the android contacts app . try renaming your " me " contact in your google account and then see what happens in android after syncing contacts again .
the contact record for you i assume just has your name . if you link the two ( top right corner when editing a contact ) it will pull all of the information in . on the down side it will eliminate the " me " entry . at least that is how i remember it working when i went through this . my wife just left with my phone for the evening . . .
you can check this e.g. in the honeycomb user guide . basically , it sums up to the following : android settings , as wifi networks incl . passwords , user dictionary , etc . settings of many google apps , as e.g. browser favorites apps downloaded from the playstore additionally , app developers can use this api to have their apps data backup'd along -- but only few do so . furthermore i would not rely on this backup -- there are many reports that , while the backup works , the restore not always does : it seems there is no way to manually trigger it , and on initialization after e.g. a factory reset ( or with a new device ) it often fails . also , as far as i know , it is an all-or-nothing thing : you can have it let all your backed-up data restore ( as described before ) , or not .
google dashboard is a service for accessing a simple view of the data associated with a google account . with dashboard you can also get a list of your android apps that store data in the google cloud , the dates of their latest backups , the amount of storage they use , and some additional data such as the date you first registered the device . to access this information : visit google dashboard at https://www.google.com/dashboard enter your google username and password , and log in scroll down to section " android devices " click the " more data stored about this device " link under your device names 's entry
there are not any rules for this , so it is entirely up to the tablet in each particular case . i can give an example : the original asus eee pad transformer tf101 has a &lt ; 720p screen , and its hdmi output is a pixel-for-pixel mirror of the screen ( i.e. . the hdmi output is the same pixel size as the screen ) .
google now is not available in countries and languages as yet , so you may be in a country were it is not supported . you can still search on google 's homepage , or i suppose you could try a proxy or flashing your phone in such a way to make it believe it is somewhere else in the world were google now works
finally found the answer . i had four google accounts - one of them could not sync because it required domain policy to be enforced , and i had not allowed that . i connected the tablet to my laptop and used adb logcat to see what was being logged when the error was displayed : ( these messages were repeated several times ) . i guessed that the errant account may have been involved ( even though it was not the account i was trying to active now with ) , removed the account from the device and all is well .
technically , as a root user , you can achieve every exclusive thing what a custom rom offers . but , its not always as easy as replacing home launcher . what if you need to replace kernel for better overclocking support . . . a custom rom is actually pre-cooked out-of-box firmware packaging ( with specialized feature ) . remember , popular custom roms ( like cyanogen mod ) are generally backed by an expert developers team or community . so , even if you have expertise of doing every such things in your rooted device , its very difficult to match a team or community . and , do not forget those nasty bugs and security loopholes . . . the main advantage of custom roms : those who have expertise of doing everything with rooted device , generally cook their own rom . it is because custom roms can be deployed to multiple devices . think how you would port your customizations to other devices . . . its a big hassle than cooking own rom .
i have noticed in various roms some features which i have never seen implemented in applications ( not as smoothly ) . some concrete examples : whisper systems has a rom that implements " selective permissions " , which supply " blocked " applications with dummy data if a permission is denied . it also has " full disk encryption for your phone " which encrypts the whole device partition . cyanogenmod also has something like that implemented at the core , but an application can do almost the same . i have seen mods that add options to the menu that shows when the power button is pressed ( reboot , reboot in recovery , data transfer , . . . ) . this , i guess , can not be done with an app . better overclocking support , although it can be done with an app but does not support all devices after all . . . boot animation is often changed/removed with custom roms . customized notifications bar ( transparent or not , more or less options , different icons near the clock , . . . ) and ui ( dialogs for example and other form elements , etc . ) customized unlock screens , screen on/off animations , . . . this what i have seen so far . edit to my surprise , as @sachinshekhar pointed out in the comments , all this can be achieved with applications , so disregard this answer , i am leaving it for further reference , if someone turned out to not know about all this . . . ( like me )
two major cons to simply using a different launcher vs . a whole new rom : custom roms often offer a later version of android than is available for your device from a manufacturer or carrier . no amount of launchers will give you the newer functionality of latest os versions . very often removing manufacturer/carrier " bloat " is not as easy as deleting some apks from /system/app directory . in cases of custom uis such as samsung 's touchwiz , or motorola 's blur , or htc 's sense , many of their apps which replace stock core functions ( e . g . phone/dialer , contacts , etc . ) are interwoven with the system and each other in such a way that simply removing them may cause crashes or other system instabilities . installing 3rd-party replacements does not resolve anything , since these apps are always running in the background , using up valuable resources .
try the app screen filter , it does just what you need with no extra hassle .
if you can access apx mode , you can restore a stock rom using easy flasher . the steps are the following : check if your asus transformer is supported . download easy flasher download the latest stock rom from asus website . copy the update zip to asusupdate folder ( inside easy flasher folder ) . open easy flasher and hit flash asus stock zip the application will install the stock rom back to your transformer , so from there you can root or install a custom rom without problems .
i am not sure if this would work , but worth a try . some mobile phones and some cell phone service providers require the use of apn . contact your cell phone service provider for the apn .
mybe this can help you : http://androidtrix.wordpress.com/2013/11/05/tasker-spotify-plug-load-and-play/ greetings
maybe . . . wavecontrol says it can control spotify and has tasker integration . i am not a spotify user , though , and it is much too late to check it out right now .
do not ask me how , but this worked for me : installed spotify , iheart and poweramp . disabled bt control for poweramp . disabled google play music . google now still works normally . using the action box extension , i stop all music by playing a 1 second mp3 of silence in poweramp . tasker 's play and next actions work fine with spotify or iheart . i have not figured how the phone decides which one to start . but i do not care :- ) hth
yes it is possible , but using tasker 's built in media control next will not work . for the action you need to use script --> run shell , and as the command enter " input keyevent 87" without quotes . this is the android api : https://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/keyevent.html#keycode_media_next
ask yourself what did you do for mail before you installed the yahoo app . are the notifications you are receiving from a primary mail app ? mine were .
when such a notification appears . . . open your notification area long-press on the notification . this opens the app 's settings in the system configuration . here you can disable all notifications from the app . this is a feature introduced with jellybean -- as you have stated your device is running android 4.1.2 , this setting should be available to you .
in the official yahoo ! mail app , yahoo recently changed the layout so that the settings menu is no longer accessed by pressing the " menu " button . launch the app and tap the little &lt; arrow next to the " inbox " label on the upper-left corner of the screen . this will reveal the folders menu . scroll it down to the " tools " section , tap on Settings , then tap on Account settings option , and finally on Notification Settings . from here you can set up the notification options for new messages : Choose Sound -> No sound -> Done to disable audible notifications , Use Vibrate to toggle vibration on and off , Show in Status Bar to toggle the icon in your notification panel . if there is no " notification settings " tap the text that lists your e-mail address associated with the account , and you will find the settings there to shut off notifications , both audible and visual .
you can remove your yahoo account from your android phone . just go to settings - > account and sync - > serlect account and the you will find the option to delete the account .
i use the simeji input method . it uses the great " flick " method for inputting kana . it takes some getting used to , but is very fast once you do . to switch between keyboards , just long press in the text field .
i do not think there is a handwriting app , at the moment . at least , not for writing , although there are some for practicing kana and kanji . for typing , i currently use google japanese input ( 10 mb , free ) , it is reliable and seems solid to me . you have two choices : one is typing the romaji , the other one is typing kana directly . in this second way , you click the 行 ( gyou ) . for example , click on the sa-gyou to choose the syllables that start with s- ( sa , shi , su , se , so ) , then swype towards the one you want . a visual example in the image below : the user chose the ra-gyou ( ra , ri , ru , re , ro ) , and swyped towards " ri " , highlighted just above .
i use myscript stylus ( beta ) by vision objects for german , english , and japanese handwriting input on my note 8 , and it works vey good . i use it e.g. for input to the aedict dictionary to look up unknown kanji , and recognition by myscript stylus is excellent . the only challenge is to write large kanji not too slow , because else recogniton starts with left kanji part before finishing handwriting the complete kanji . i dont know any input method that makes it soo easy to switch between languages and combine japanese text with other languages , e.g. get real german or nordisk umlauts instead using ae , oe .
thank you for your support in connectify . it sounds like your antivirus/firewall software may be blocking internet traffic . check our firewall/security settings article in our knowledge base . if you are a pro user and continue to have problems please submit a ticket by visiting our website . we will work to help you resolve your issue !
though it is in no way a classical bookmark manager , you could combine a few things : wikimind note is an editor with wiki-syntax support . so you can embed links and even structures easily ( pictures as well ) 1 . it stores all the data files on your sdcard , so they are easily accessible with other tools . this fact ( files on sdcard ) you can put to use with foldersync . as the screenshot 2 shows , foldersync supports a lot of cloud services : box , dropbox , google drive , ubuntu one . . . it can also sync with local resources at home ( e . g . samba/windows shares ) , or any ftp server , just to name a few examples . this way you can easily use your notes on multiple devices . for usage on your desktop computer , there would be wikimind desktop and ( even better ) zimwiki . further readings : s . w . black : writing tools for phone ( android ) and desktop ( windows )
firefox can do this without any add-ons . it is called firefox sync and all you need is firefox on your pc and firefox on your smartphone , then follow these steps to set it up : introduction how do i set up firefox sync ? how do i add a device to firefox sync ? you can put your bookmarks in the Unsorted Bookmarks folder if you do not want to see them in your bookmarks toolbar . you can use tags there , too .
i believe it uses some kind of push messaging that does not trigger when you send the message . i believe that after you type a message the desktop gtalk , the ones sent from the phone show up too . am i right ?
the new google hangouts ( that replaces the talk app on android and is available as a chrome extension ) appears to resolve this issue . you can move freely between the android app and the desktop and continue the conversation , with the full chat history visible . hangouts is not quite a separate application on the desktop , as it is installed as a chrome extension , but it uses the chrome api and runs as a background app ( when chrome is not running ) and appears as an icon in the system tray ( optional ) . i have only just started using it and reviews are mixed , but it seems pretty good so far . incidentally , you do need to be using " hangouts " on all devices . i first updated the android talk app ( the " talk " app is replaced with " hangouts" ) . whilst this communicated ok with a remote user on gtalk , i still had the issue of the local gtalk desktop client not being updated .
as far as i know this was a new addition to the app recently , so it is surprising that it does not work for you . i just tried emailing myself a .epub file and it worked just fine , i had a download button to the right of the paperclip icon and attachment name . i know that the browser on many devices will not let you download any files that do not have a handler registered for their extension ; perhaps this is related . you can solve that issue via an app that registers for all files , such as download crutch ; perhaps it will solve your attachment issues as well . i would reboot after installing it . i have download crutch installed and have had no problems with it .
didnt find download crutch but another appp download all files did the job pretty well . have fun navneet
use the app " sync me " , it saves the contact pics of your facebook friends to your contacts .
i have used haxsync previously . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.mots.haxsync there is also an xposed module which i now use instead , called xfbsync . this does all that facebook used to by itself , like syncs profile photos , and phone numbers . if you are able i would give that a go .
this is almost certainly a codec problem , there are two ends you could come at this from , either the tablet or the computer . what video playing apps are you using on your tablet just the built in one , or have you installed any additional apps ? if you have not tried installing any other video playing apps on your tablet , then try one or two of these . you will find that they should support a lot more video formats than your built-in player : mx player moboplayer vlc do you need to use minidlna on your computer , or can you use something with transcoding support that can convert the videos into formats that your tablet can play " on the fly " ? alternatively , there are dlna compatible servers that you can install on your pc that will transcode your videos to compatible formats as they stream them , i have used plex media server ( which as well as being dlna compliant , also has an android client to make the experience even easier and more pleasant than using dlna ) and i know people who use ps3media server for this too ( despite the name it is not tied to ps3 's these days ) .
according to the specs , the eee transformer has usb ports . android 3.1 added usb host support . the problem ( s ) with what you want to do is that there is no support for dvd navigation ( and probably the udf and cd9660 filesystems , as well ) in android . you had be better off ripping the dvds onto your computer and using a usb hard drive ( or the transformer 's internal storage ) to play them on the tablet .
can not say for the tablet itself , but the eee station comes with usb ports , and samsung introduced recently ( apr 2012 ) the world 's thinnest optical drive designed for tablets . samsung introduces world’s thinnest optical drive for tablets the se-2188bb supports android honeycomb version 3.1 or later and can handle a variety of media at high speeds including 24x cd-rom , 24x cd-rw , 8x dvd±r recording , 5x dvd-ram recording , 6x dvd+r dual layer recording , 6x dvd-r dual layer recording , 8x dvd+rw recording and 6x dvd-rw recording it is safe to assume that this is the type of solution you were after .
try automateit . this app allows you to set up various triggers ( wifi enabled/disabled included ) and then assign actions like launching apps or toggling other settings .
the free llama app allows you to combine rules ( when connected to certain wlan ) with action ( then launch this app ) .
try long-pressing the Search button . it should be tied to voice search by default . then say " dial xxx " , where " xxx " is either a phone number ( with the area code ) or name of a contact from your phonebook . here are all the voice actions you can perform with the voice search app : http://www.google.com/mobile/voice-actions/ note : according to google 's last blog post on the subject , voice actions via this app only work in english language . you might need to change your phone 's locale to " us " or " uk " in order to get this to work .
conclusion this is a programming error within the htc music app ( based on the package id ) . the best option is to report this error to the developers using the force close dialog . more details as a programmer i recognize the nullpointer exception thrown in the HtcMusicFragment at line 8905 . the package ( and class name ) indicate that this is an app from htc for music playing . since this code is closed there is no reason to look further into this yourself , even if you had the knowledge . let 's say it would be perfectly possible to decompile the app ( it is not ) and fix the nullpointer even then you would not be able to replace the app on your phone since this is a vendor app . that is without root . if you want to read about the nullpointer exception try this link stackexchange-url in short there is a method called on an object that has not been initialized properly . it is up to the programmer to check for these kind of issues . my advice go get a better music app on the google play store .
have you purchased a map direct from us on our os mapfinder app ? if so , there is advice in the faqs on syncing downloaded maps between devices that are using a linked google play account : https://www.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/shop/mapfinder/mapfinder-android-faq.html if you have purchased an ordnance survey map from one of our partners rather than direct from us , you will need to check with them on how their apps and services work though .
as a general rule , i do not trust any " freeware " or " shareware " site that has not specifically been recommended to me by someone i know and trust , and because these sites are not my thing i can not either recommend or condemn this specific example . i can answer part of your question , though , and say an emphatic yes , unscrupulous people can inject malware into apks . installing an apk from an unknown source is generally a very bad idea . the permissions you mention , though , are actually the same that the legit facebook for android app asks over in the play store ( see the " permissions " tab ) . permissions alone are a bad judge of an apk 's potential for harm . in this case , personally , i would say the risk of an unknown source far outweighs the app 's permission requests .
if you really want to downgrade an apk , the best way is to get it from another device that you trust using one of the methods in where are the . apk files stored on my android device ? then you can put that apk on your device .
the google talk application is a key part of the android market authentication . if you are not signed in to google talk , you cannot use the android market . this is one of the reasons there needs to be more " warnings " with apps like root uninstaller . they allow you to remove vital apps from the device , and do not tell you what damage it could do . you have a couple options : you will need to find the apk for your device , or that works for your device . there are some devices that use a different version of the application , then use a tool like root explorer for example , to put the apk file back in /system/apps restore from a nandroid / titanium backup ( if you did the backup before hand ) ( re ) flash a rom on your device , which could put the device in the " factory state " if you are not flashing the same rom that you already have on the device . i also seen this in the applications description and it may actually make a backup of any app that you freeze or uninstall . check and see if you can restore with the application . if you cann't freeze/defrost , try to enable usb debugging ( home/settings/application/development/usb debugging ) if you cann't restore backup app , try to " find apps on sd card " then long-press the app and select " install as system app " . this application uses sdcard to store data
if you do not have a backup of the app , i would think the most sure fire and straightforward way to get it back would be to " restore to factory state " . prior to doing that , i would recommend using titanium backup to save all your settings and apps . just reinstall tibu again after you reset your phone and restore everything from the backup . short and sweet . if you decide you absolutely need to remove system apps in the future , cyangogen mod has a bare bones guide on what is safe to uninstall .
as best as i can tell on grepcode , functionality relating to walled gardens ( captive portals ) was added to WifiWatchdogStateMachine.java in 4.0.1 . i can not find it listed in the android api reference to confirm exactly when it was added , but that would seem to match with your nexus 10 having the feature but not your htc desire .
i assume you mean ' draft ' txt messages . try this : settings > applications > manage applications > select the messaging app choose ' clear data ' and also ' clear cache ' . if not you could also factory reset the phone . otherwise report it to htc support
it wants to know your location so that it can give you weather forecasts for where you are rather than some other random location . it is just your location that comes from gps - the weather info will be downloaded via wifi or your data network . the app has permission to use both android 's coarse-grained ( network-based ) and fine ( gps ) location services . in your case , it seems that the app is failing to find your location using the network-based service ( by seeing which cell-towers and wifi hotspots it can see ) and falling back to gps .
look at something black ( e . g . an image of only black ) on your phone , and shut off the lights . if you have got an amoled screen , it should be pure black ( virtually no light emanating ) . with an lcd it will be significantly brighter/greyish .
regarding if the super amoled is inferior : android update 2.3.3 introduced a color temperature correction , which many users complain turned their screen color " ugly and yellowish " http://www.androidcentral.com/nexus-s-233-update-bringing-unwanted-screen-issues . the color change appears to still be present in the newer 2.3.4 update , and some have begun to suspect that the fact that not everyone is seeing this color change , may be related to which screen the phone has ; with the superamoled being associated with the yellowish color and the lcd not having the yellowish color .
i like lifehacker ' s reviews , though it is a little annoying that you can not link to search results there . i find the market reviews helpful for deciding whether or not things actually work , but lifehacker makes great recommendations .
to be honest , i would just search the android market and then try things out . " the best " android apps are going to be generally subjective , and there is typically several apps that perform any given task . you could also look at some of these older ( mostly cw ) questions : android market - want to see best applications alternative android app markets must have applications for android ?
as stated already , one solution would be to use an app that lets you synchronize with dropbox . i personally already used dropsync . it works flawlessly , however , the free version only lets you sync one main folder . so that was not really an option . the solution i just came up with is making good use of the tasker app yet again . tell tasker if the camera or gallery apps are running and mobile data is enabled , disable mobile data . then as exit task ( to be executed when camera/gallery get closed ) re-enable mobile data . dropbox will then upload all the shots i did not delete right away using the camera/gallery app .
assisted gps may cost money : it depends on your cellphone provider , and you should check with them first . see this old cnet story for more info . for vodafone , i could not find any official information online , but this thread by a user on the official forum suggests they charge a-gps data the same as any other internet access . if you are worried about the data charges , go into settings -> wireless and networks -> mobile networks , and turn off data roaming ( the names may be slightly different depending on which device and android version you have ) . while data roaming is turned off , your phone will not try to use mobile data while you are roaming ( that is , abroad ) . the gps will still work fine , but it may take longer to fix your position : maybe as long as 12 minutes , according to wikipedia . whether the app you want to use will still work without an internet connection depends on the app you are trying to use . you should probably test this before getting abroad : if it turns out you have to download and use a different app , you will not have saved any money at all !
some users have found doing a cache partition clearing has resolved the shift key issue . i have also read others that disabled the google chrome application , resolving the issue . i have done both but still get the shift key issues when using my browser . the cache partition clear resolved the shift key issues on the phone ( ie texting or other apps ) . below is a link to motorola 's step by step instructions for the partition clearing , you will not lose any data etc . some users have gone so far as to do a factory reset with no resolution . https://motorola-global-portal.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/93162
i was able to correct the semicolon/colon problem by setting my keyboard to : input method : english ( us ) android keyboard ( aosp ) mapphone-switch : english ( us ) -android keyboard omap4-keypad : default ( changing to " default " and unchecking all items , including english ( us ) , in " omap4-keypad " " keyboard layouts " seemed to fix the problem - before that change , typing " ; " resulted in "> " ) . i also did a cache partition clear and turned off the phone , pulled the simcard , replaced the sim card and rebooted . i am not sure if any of these actions did anything ( after these actions and before switching " omap4-keypad " to " default , " the semicolon problem continued , but i tried them based on suggestione from other sites ) .
one solution if you have a rooted phone is to install lbe privacy guard . it scans your apps for permissions that can be risky , and lets you block them on a per app basis . you can prevent apps from : making calls/sms identifying your phone via imei connecting to the internet . accessing call logs , contacts , sms inbox .
generally they do not . most games do not need sms or phone call permissions , and you should be suspect for any game that does . i am assuming this is not the same as " read phone state and identity " which this question answers .
have you tried using a third party app to get the contacts to pc ? here is an example https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.snappea , but there are more , pick one . install it using adb and then access your phone from pc . hope it helps .
according to the galaxy player wikipedia page the differences are : galaxy player 4 ( yp-g1 ) the galaxy player 4 features a 4" super fine lcd . it had a flash internal storage of 8 gb or 16 gb that can be expanded with microsd card . galaxy player 5 ( yp-g70 ) the galaxy player 5 features a 5" tft lcd . it had a flash internal storage of 8 gb or 16 gb that can be expanded with microsd card . galaxy player 50 ( yp-g50 ) the yp-g50 model carries a 3.2" lcd tft instead of the amoled which is used by samsung in most of its phones . the screen has a 240×400 resolution . it has a flash internal storage of 16 gb or 32 gb that can be expanded with a microsd card . so the main differences are the size and quality of the screen ( and the device ) , and the internal memory capacity . essentially the "50" has the smallest , worst quality screen , but ( depending which capacity you get ) has the most internal memory , the "4" and "5" are larger devices with better quality , larger screens but ( potentially ) not as much internal memory . according to another review i found : . . . 4.0 and 5.0 have almost the same specifications . . . the 4 inch version has a battery capacity of 1200mah , whereas the 5 inch version is 2500mah so the "5" has a larger battery which should last longer , though this may be offset slightly by the larger screen , and will also make the device slightly bigger and heavier than the "4" . battery life should be better than equivalent phone models ( especially if you switch off wifi when you are not using it ) , as the phone 's wireless radio is one of the largest battery hogs in the device . full size and weight specs of the devices are in the sidebar on the wikipedia page . so it looks like none of the devices are " better " than the others , they all appear to have their own benefits but are aimed at different buyers .
i am confused about these product 's name comparisons for international and us distribution . none of these galaxy player models have been released in the us . i have seen what you refer to as the galaxy player 4 and 5 labeled as galaxy s wi-fi 4 and 5 in trade show videos on youtube as well as samsung 's uk site , e.g. http://www.samsung.com/uk/consumer/tv-audio-video/mp3-digital-audio/mobile-internet-players/yp-g1cw/xeu/index.idx?pagetype=prd_detail . in mid-may , samung 's us site http://www.samsung.com/us/mobile/mp3-players/ had the galaxy player 4.0 and 5.0 listed with full specs , price and even reference to best buy as an official retailer before yanking down references to the galaxy player only a week later . very confusing . i search google daily for signs that the " galaxy player " 4 or 5 has been released in the us . however , i am uncertain as to which search terms i should use because i have seen what appears to be the same product referred to both as the " samsung galaxy player 4.0" and the " samsung galaxy s wi-fi 4.0" . does anyone have evidence indicating what samsung will be calling the " galaxy player " 4 or 5 equivalent for the us market ?
[ moving from comments to answer ] this could be an issue with either debugging mode switched on or the power source itself ! please try on ac power , this is a known issue with quite a few phones ! in fact i had this issue with my n7000 running cm10 , the phone is just lying around now . just to be sure , is usb debugging off ? just to see if that is the issue for me , i tried different sockets at home with my old phone ! it varies based on the power supply . all i can say is stop charging through these faulty places
how things currently work the android os uses a file to map the volume buttons in order to know what to do when they get pressed : the file : /system/usr/keylayout/gpio-keys.kl  contains two lines for the volume buttons : key 115 VOLUME_UP WAKE_DROPPED key 114 VOLUME_DOWN WAKE_DROPPED  they are not " orientation sensitive " , just like their physical position on the device . the issue you are facing , many other tablet owners face , that has to do with the logical position on the action . if we press the down part of the button , the volume should go down , but depending on the orientation , the down part actually raises the volume . i do believe that the device rotation should account for factors such as this , as to prevent users from having to " create " weird habits for a simple " lower the volume " action . but on the other hand , that is why the volume buttons on your tablet are punctuated by three raised dots for easy tactile recognition . possible solution for rooted devices since this buttons in order to be changed need to be altered at a " system level " , the action must be performed with root privileges on the device . while the following two solutions cannot deal with orientation-specific scenarios , they are useful to remap the buttons as to have them adjusted to the tablet orientation in which we get most confused about : application : buttonremapper - beta v0.2.4 tool to remap the hardware buttons . or better : a generic tool to edit the key layout map file android uses to map the keys . xda developers forum thread with extensive details by the author manual edit of the file : gpio-keys.kl: with a root file manager , travel to /system/usr/keylayout and long touch the file gpio-keys.kl ; from the pop up menu , select " properties" ; change the file permissions to rw-rw-rw- in order to be able to alter its contents ; after having the new permissions , open the file with a text editor ; search within the file for the following two lines : key 115 VOLUME_UP WAKE_DROPPED key 114 VOLUME_DOWN WAKE_DROPPED  update the lines by swapping the key numbers so it becomes : key 114 VOLUME_UP WAKE_DROPPED key 115 VOLUME_DOWN WAKE_DROPPED  save the changes and reboot your tablet . you should now have the actions of the volume up/down buttons toggled as they best fit your portrait orientation . to undo it , just reverse these directions . credits for the file edit solution are attributed to user jbeige from thriveforums . org . after reading your device manual , other tablet manuals and the specifications from the android os , this are the best solutions i was able find to work around your issue .
this feature is cooked into the rom , itself , so it will be entirely dependent on what the chef cooked into the rom . you can find roms such as cm9 and aokp that have various options for the volume rocker--- but forcing the rockers to stay static on devices like this where it changes is not one i have ever seen .
button savior is an application which will provide you on screen soft keys for all your device 's hard keys . though it requires rooted device , some features are claimed to be working with non-rooted devices . the paid version will allow you to customize the soft keys including its position . please give a try .
workaround : i am pretty sure got fixed after i enabled and disabled " mobile hotspot " so while i am answering my own question , i will accept any answer that describes how to disable this faulty behavior
unless you wipe all your data before the update , you do not need to reinstall applications or restore application data . but when flashing a completely different new rom , it is recommended to do a full wipe before proceed . further more , if you are planing to do a full wipe you can use a application like my backup pro or titanium backup to back up all your applications and data .
with tasker you can automate this to have different screen time-out values depending whether or not your phone is connected to a power source : create a new profile and name it " screen timeout " . for context select State -> Power -> Power . select " any " for source and press the ok button . tap " new task " , name it " increase timeout " and tap the " ok " button . tap the + button to add a new action , select Display category , and then Display Timeout action . drag the sliders for " secs " , " mins " or " hours " to your desired values for when the phone is connected to a power source . tap the " ok " button , and then tap it again . long-press the " increase timeout " action and select Add Exit Task option . tap " new task " , name it " decrease timeout " and tap the " ok " button . tap the + button to add a new action , select Display category , and then Display Timeout action . drag the sliders for " secs " , " mins " or " hours " to your desired values for when the phone is running on battery . tap the " ok " button , and then tap it again . ensure the tasker is enabled by toggling it on ( switch at bottom-right corner ) and then tap the " ok " button . you should be all set . if you want to get fancy , you can add actions to both tasks to display toast messages .
install widgetsoid and add it is toggle widget Stay Awake on homescreen . just , turn it on and your screen will never timeout as long as the device is under voltage .
there is an option to keep your screen lit while charging , try : Settings -&gt; Developer Options -&gt; Stay Awake
you may want to try any power widget for eg . like this one . you can place the widget on your home screen and use the " always on " toggle to keep your phone always on during charging .
is there a way to hack the market/play app so that it can not delete apps from the phone without specific authorization from the user ? yes , there are tools to decompile an apk and dex files and make modifications and put them back together again ; you will need root , the appropriate softwares , lots of knowledge about dalvik and java bytecode , and many weekends spent on reading . also be warned that you are breaching the tos of google play . and . . . good luck , you will need it .
hacking the play app is probably no feasible option . and as matthew read suggests , as a system app , it can do what it wants . the only other options i can think off is using an alternative android app market . you can find some here : http://www.howtogeek.com/106175/the-top-5-alternatives-to-the-android-market/
i do not believe this is the way google drive works . the app , if i am not mistaken , allows you to view ( and edit some google documents ) but maintains them in the cloud . while it does allow you to download them , it saves them to your download folder for local use only . you can choose photos you have taken from your gallery and upload them to google drive , but ( if i am not mistaken ) , there is no automatic folder syncing option . you can use google+ though . it automatically adds all your photos to a google+ album only you can see . given , not as easy as drive , but still a good auto-upload option . i do not know of an easy way to get them from there to a drive folder though :/ you can also use foldersync . it could sync folders with google docs , and still works after docs upgraded to drive , google drive is fully supported . just choose google docs when adding account in the app . in case , you do not want to pay , its [ free lite version ] [ 3 is also in play store , but with some limitations . thanks for the above goes to sachin shekhar .
i found a solution to the initial problem . it seems that this is a common bug and in the software since at least anroid 4.2 . there is an application in the play store that does nothing but reacting to the bluetooth button and starting the voice recognition : voice command when i push the button , i have to select what app to start , i chose " voice command " after that i am asked again and chose " google now " and then it starts directly in the voice recognition mode . i do not know yet if it gets the commands over bluetooth or over the built in mic but it stops the music and starts the recognition . this works at least with my phone ( nexus 5 , 32gb android 4.4.2 all settings to german and my car radio ( jvc . . . ) )
just disconnect your network , and try again . its a network gateway error id .
according to the list of status codes at wikipedia , a 504 error means the following : 504 gateway timeout the server was acting as a gateway or proxy and did not receive a timely response from the upstream server . in other words : the culprit should neither be ( on ) your device , nor ( at ) google play -- but in between . a thread on the nook forum describes the very same problem , and one of the conclusions there is : generally , that means a gateway error and i would suspect the problem being on the router end rather than the nook side . sometimes a router reset will cure it . which corresponds to my conclusion . so if you are using mobile data , it might help to switch data off and on again ( or better : switch to airplane mode and back ) , in the hope you will get a connection into a different segment of your provider 's network ( and thus a different gateway on that end ) . funnily , the very same issue comes to a very different conclusion on yahoo answers : here the user had not enough space on his device , so after removing some other app it suddenly worked . i suspect this was a co-incidence ( when he tried again after having freed up space , the gateway was " fixed" ) -- but it cannot hurt to check for that . several more sulutions might pop up with the time . to me it proved helpful to search google for '"google play " " error 504"' .
setting the phone into airplane mode and back did the trick for me . so it most likely was indeed the gateway issue . tip though . dont just turn it on then off . wait about 60 seconds before you turn airplane mode off again . if you just toggle it , it picks up the same gateway .
try resetting the play store app . you will not lose your apps following these steps . nothing important will be lost . steps to follow on a motorola xoom go to the app drawer ( menu ) tap settings tap applications tap the " all " tab scroll through and look for play store tap play store ( not play store services ! ) tap " clear data " you will then get a warning , click " ok " that is it , go through your problem again and see if it fixed . bear in mind you will have to re-accept the terms and conditions for the play store app , when this comes up , simply click " accept "
in case of android browser ( aosp ) and chrome there is an option called request desktop site . this can be accessed via the options menu for the browser . that would change the browser user-agent to desktop and display the website as displayed on pc . but this has to be done for each tab i believe , there is no permanent solution .
it is in the app folder google . shame on you samsung for not making the difference between folders and apps obvious . well the folders look like this :
mobile device manager might be a solution for you . you can find an introduction with screenshots and more on androidtapp . quoting : 3cx mobile device manager is a flexible and easy to implement service that allows a user to remotely manage , locate and administrate mobile devices . from the comfort of a web browser you can control multiple devices in a variety of ways . it’s a great option for network administrators who , in addition to swathes of desktop pcs and laptops to worry about , now also has to ensure the company’s smartphones and tablets are secure and up to date .
internal memory is tricky as you need to be able to read the smasung galaxy internal memory , here 's a guide you i found for you : samsung galaxy data recovery
there is some hope to recover data which was stored on the “internal sd card” . samsung galaxy s2 supports usb connection in the mass storage mode ( unlike some other more recent models ) . this mode provides the required block-level access to the partition which holds your media and other files ( but not contacts , sms and app data ) . therefore you can connect your phone to pc in the usb storage mode ( not mtp ) , then use the same utilities as you would use to recover files from an sd card which was accidentally formatted ( one free option for windows is recuva ) . recovering data from the internal memory is much more harder for several reasons : you need to root the phone in order to get access to raw partitions ( with some phones which have an unlocked bootloader there is an option of flashing an alternate recovery image with root access through adb ) . note that the rooting process in most cases involves writes to the /data partition , which could overwrite the data you want to restore . the internal file system is not the usual fat or ntfs , like in windows ( recent models in most cases use ext4 ) , therefore many recovery tools designed for use with windows filesystems will not work well ( scanning the raw disk for pieces looking like data in a well-known format might give a useful result even if the filesystem is not supported , but see the next point ) . in most cases the app data is stored in some format not used outside of the android os ( e . g . , contacts and sms/mms messages are stored in sqlite databases with the android-specific schema ) , and these formats are unlikely to be supported by commonly available data recovery utilities . and this assumes that the phone repair lab did not just replace the main phone board ( which they often do , unless the problem was obviously in some other component ) .
as john states in his answer , a factory-reset is sufficient in most cases . i doubt a service technician would take the effort required to restore the data from your storage – though it is definitely possible . what john had in mind , however , is true : if flash storage is really wiped , all data is gone from it . it would take a highly specialized forensics expert a long time to restore at least a part of it . so unless you have the secret formula for a longevity serum stored on your device , and your service technician knows that , it is definitly not worth the trouble . if you want to be on the absolute safe side , take a look at nuke my phone resp . nuke my tablet . these tools do not simply delete your data or wipe the storage once , but they overwrite it multiple times , then wiping it , and then finalize their work by a factory-reset . i very much doubt that a single file would be restorable after that procedure . btw : always think of your external sdcard , which might not be covered by the procedure . you should better remove that and keep it with you ; the service techs do not need it anyway .
unlike standard hard drives , once flash storage is erased , it is gone . all android devices ( at least to my knowledge ) should have flash storage . if you delete something , it would be next to impossible to recover it . a factory reset will erase all of your user data unless the device is rooted and you stored it somewhere else . if the device is running stock firmware and you do a factory reset , you should be good to go ! note : it is possible that your device will not do a secure erase of your personal data . if you want to be absolutely sure that the data cannot be recovered , you should make sure to do a secure erase . after a simple secure erase ( writing over the data with all 0 's ) the data should be gone forever .
yes . going into recovery , ( normally by booting your phone while holding volume up and power button ) should do the trick . while in recovery , you should see something like factory reset . use your volume rockers to go down the menu until that option is highlighted , then press the power button to select it . hope this helps --daniel
you will need a copy of the os with the needed locale . since it is part of the os it can not be added by a simple app download or anything . you can spoof your locale string on any device but that app does not actually offer localizations beyond what shipped on your phone ; it will not translate system text ect unless your phone has those localizations native . as per the android sdk docs : note : the android platform may support more locales than are included in the sdk system image . all of the supported locales are available in the android open source project . you will have to reflash your device with a system image that has your locale ; the android open source project includes more locales but you/someone would have to actually compile them into a working system image/rom . making it work on your device is also another matter ; ideally if your manufacturer has another official rom out there with the locale on it you want , you should find that rom and use it . unfortunately i do not know of any sites that have roms by supported locale .
the samsing galaxy s series has a virtual surround , not a true surround . therefore there is no way to get multichannel audio out of the device , only analog stereo . source : phandroid , unleashthephones , intomobile
no , you do not . the updates are received from the servers of the provider/manufacturer . this adress is saved in the rom . so you just need an internet connection via 3g or wifi .
you can try this : tap your device " home " button ; tap your device " menu " button ; tap " settings" ; tap " applications" ; tap " manage applications": look for the browsers in question , notice " launch by default " , with the caption stating " no defaults set " , make sure the button " clear defaults " is tapped , if it is disabled , it means its the only one in use . i.e. no other alternative app that handles the browser . repeat that for other browsers you may have . next time you launch the browser , a pop-up will appear with a choice , there is a check-box underneath , " make default " , tap that , and next time , the default browser of your choosing is used . this applies to other apps also that handles the flow of actions as well , such as an alternative to messaging , email , music etc .
well , though this problem is not very common , but some people may experiences this , most probably all internet users know the basic procedure how to do that but after try all common procedure , still if it not work or keep asking to make it default then its kinda frustrating . many issues may case a single symptom , so it could be harder to solved for most of computers users . so please try the flowing two steps simple solution , you no need bother about all the causes . check the browser whether it is working or not and if working but still asking to make it default then update or reinstall the browser and in that case you able to see ( if properly installed ) or will not see the browser in control panel-> default program-> set you default programs window . now if from browser setting " make it default button " still not working , do it from control panel-> default program-> set you default programs window . will work for sure . enjoy .
it should be under your system settings ( the settings " app" ) , in the " date and time " subsection ( which is near the bottom ) . uncheck the " automatic time zone " option and then select the correct one manually :
no , you cannot restore your text messages even if you know the phone number . if you did not backup your phone with gmail , you can not get the backup because the text message are stored in phone 's memory or sim , not the sd . so , i think it is possible to get them back .
yes , its possible , from your desktop pc , go to play store , and install androidlost remotely to your handset . at this point , a caveat emptor is needed : provided you have 3g data switched on , it will remotely install on to the handset and also there is sufficient battery power read the starting page by visiting the main androidlost . send the text " androidlost register " ( without the quotes ) to your number of the handset that is stolen . there is a box in the upper right hand corner of the page , click on sign in , using your google account , if doing this for the first time , you will be prompted for androidlost to have permission to access your google account , as they are both tied into it together . the message will appear - " waiting for phone to be registered . " , please be patient . wait for a while , sign out and sign back in , eventually , from there , you can remotely control the handset via that same website and fingers crossed it will have a happy ending . good luck : )
just installed viber on my samsung galaxy s4 ( android 4.2.2 ) , and i can find an exit menu via More Options &gt; Exit .
s a m e . my device is nexus 7 running android 4.4.2 though . i found someone wrote this on the web . " the issue with this draining your battery is that you have location turned off , if you turn it on and leave it on you will not get the battery drain . with it off google search is constantly looking for the location and cannot find it which is what is draining your battery . had this issue and once i turned on location and left it on , no more drain . hope this helps ! "
this seems like a fix : the solution is to take away 2 permissions : the google search app permissions to keep the device awake , and access location . this gets rid of the wakelocks , and still appears to keep google now etc . functional . you can do this using app ops from the play store ( needs root ) , or if you are on custom roms , through " app privacy " menu setting . additionally you could also turn off location history and reporting , to be on the safe side . google now still works , but now without the wakelocks ! http://www.reddit.com/r/android/comments/1zxri4/google_play_services_battery_drain_the_real/ on my device ( running cyanogenmod ) , i went to settings → privacy → privacy guard → preferences → make sure show built-in apps is checked → scroll down and long press google search → keep awake → denied for those not running a custom rom , unfortunately there seem to be a million app ops apps in the play store , but this one looks legit : app ops by lars team
usually , when the apk states " package invalid " , that means , either the package is corrupted or the application at the most , targets the version above the currently running android on your handset , up to the latest and greatest version of android , in other words , the minimum version of android was probably raised above it . for example : an application that targets android 4 , ice cream sandwich , if the minimum version is gingerbread ( android 2.3.7 ) , and the maximum version is jellybean ( android 4.1 ) , it is compatible from gingerbread , honeycomb , ice cream sandwich and jellybean . if that was attempted to be installed on either eclair ( android 2.1 ) or froyo ( android 2.2 ) as in the case of the op 's question , you will get that message . tl:dr ; the application is incompatible with the currently running version of android .
if your device is rooted , you can use titanium backup to backup the maps application , which will backup the application and it is data . after resetting , again install titanium backup , ( you have to root again , if you had lost the root access , as a first step ) and restore the maps application . while restoring , you get a chance to opt for restoring app alone or app with data . when opting for the later , your offline data also comes .
sms message concatenation seems to be a function of your phone 's network technology ( cdma/gsm ) , the sms application 's support for the standard , and the message 's origination/destination carrier combination . some carriers do not like long messages ( over 160 characters ) coming from other carriers and will not allow the correct message headers through to your phone , meaning your phone can not piece things together . a quick pulse of opinion on the issue also seems to indicate that cdma networks are worse at transmitting concatenated messages , although the facts look to lean more toward the idea that cdma was just behind the standards adoption curve . your phone , of course , also has to know what to do with a long message when it sees one ; mileage will vary . personally , when my dinc was stock it was very obviously up to verizon to decide to give me a long message in one big piece - long messages from friends on other carriers were the only ones not concatenated . now that i am on miui the built-in sms app seems to do better at it , but i do not text like i used to so i can not say for sure . i recommend trying various sms apps , but you may be stuck under forces you can not control . tl ; dr - many factors play into how long sms messages are displayed on your phone . ( info gathered from wiki pedia , research , blogs , and forum posts , among other places )
well , for me androids default sms app does that transparently ( i use 2.3 ) . . for example if i send an sms 200 characters long , it will send it as 2 sms messages , but if i try to read the message it will look as if it is only one message . the " sent " icon will appear only after my phone gets " delivered " reports from all the sms messages sent . a few times i did this with sms 700+ characters long , no problem . i do not use handcent anymore because it became to slow for my phone , but when i did , i remember it had an option to either send them all together or to split them . it even had the option to send them as mms if the message contained more than 3 sms worth of characters . edit : to correct my answer - handcent also merged incoming messages .
i am confused what you are looking for . sms messages are no longer then 160 characters . if you type a message longer then that , sms apps , like the " core " sms app , or handcent show then like they are 1 message , but , in the background , they are still sent as multiple messages . if you send a message that is 170 characters , you are sending 2 sms messages . one that is 160 , and one that is 10 .
assuming you installed clockworkmod recovery via rom manager app ( or manually ) , you can do the following : install the appbrain and fast web installer apps . run appbrain , sign in with your google account , enable the fast web installer from settings , and perform a sync . download the rom installation zip for miui and place it onto your sd card . reboot your phone to recovery mode , scroll down to " backup and restore " , go in , and select the " backup " option . this will write an image of your phone onto your sd card . os , your apps and settings will be saved . perform a full wipe of your device from recovery by doing a " wipe data/factory reset " , " wipe cache partition " , and " advanced -> wipe dalvik cache " . select " install zip from card " option , and then " choose zip from sdcard " to flash the rom zip that you downloaded in step 2 . optionally , flash the gapps package , and any other files ( refer to the rom 's instructions . ) once the installation is completed reboot the phone , add your google account , and set up the system to your lining ( do not download any 3rd-party apps yet . ) open the market app , install appbrain and fast web installer again , and sign in . open the appbrain app , and enable fast web installer in settings again . while still inside the appbrain app , go to " manage and sync " , press the menu button , select the " more lists . . " option . pick the list that was created for you in step 1 , and press the " add all apps " button . this will queue up all the missing apps that you had installed on the previous rom . go back once , and tap the " execute " button . after verifying the permissions , tap the install button . this will automatically download and re-install your apps . once the apps are installed , configure them to your liking . reboot back into recovery , perform another backup , and reboot the phone normally . open the rom manager app , and tap on " manage and restore backups . " you should see a list consisting of the 2 backups you just made , sorted chronologically . rename the first backup to " cm7" , and the second to " miui " . you can now easily switch from cm7 to miui by simply restoring the corresponding backup . keep in mind that if you change anything on either rom , you will need to perform another backup so that your changes are saved .
sometimes , when i send the same text to multiple people , if they are in a group chat on their iphone and add me , then i can see who is texting who ( or at least the numbers of the people ) . if i am holding a group chat in google hangouts i can see the people as well . otherwise . . . . there is not way to tell .
there is no way to tell , unless you are the sender , who it went to . a blank to address or the senders name in the to field are usual giveaways but they are not accurate as one that always send a bcc message to a single person . email on android devices generally does not allow you to even see the headers .
it depends on what kind of internet is available on wi-fi network . a wi-fi hotspot can broadcast internet provided by 1g , 2g , 2.5g , 3g , 3.5g , 4g , dsl , adsl , adsl2 , t1 etc . so , the comparison is meaningless unless you know the back-end connection . if you know the back-end connection , the question should not exist .
it differs with your connection quality , in normal situations wi-fi is faster . wi-fi mostly not usable for mms , so you need to use e-mail .
to answer my own question - here 's a different approach to achieve this ( google-only contacts ) ensure all required android contacts are synced to google export the contacts to csv on a computer delete all contacts from the android ( that'll be both " phone " and " google" ) import the contacts from csv to google google will then sync to the phone kind of obvious in hindsight . hope this benefits the community in some way !
this is the procedure i use on my phone ; hope there is something similar for yours : on the samsung vibrant ( also android 2.1 ) when i open the contact , there is an entry for linked contacts that shows both the google contact and the phone contact ( and a sim contact if you have one ) . if you select that , you get a new screen showing the linked contacts ; each one has a - button next to it to unlink it from the others on that screen . go back to the main contacts list and you should have two entries for that contact -- delete the one with the phone icon next to it .
you cannot expand your ram to sdcard ! instead you could create swap space in sdcard . you could use applications like swapper from google play store . the device must be rooted to do that . swap space may not be as fast as ram .
you have already described correctly what that " master key vulnerability " is about . if your only source for new apps is google play , you are most likely on the safe side ; danger from this seems to be restricted to side-loading via unknown-sources . however : if you want to check whether your device is affected , there are several apps out there which promise to do this . e.g. belarc security advisor describes itself as checking for several hundred security flaws known on android ( including the master key ) . if the check is " positive " , there are also fixes available , like master key dual fix or the master-key security patch ( a module for the xposed framework ) .
backup your phone this is important if you wish to keep any data from your phone . you will have to restore backed up data ( such as apps ) after you update . the only way to update to the latest software is to erase your device , so backup whatever you do not want to lose . extract the . zip file , which you can download from this androidforum thread or this xda thread . open the folder and install msxml 4.0 sp3 parser ( msxml . msi ) . once that has finished , install lgandroiddriver_whql_ml_ver1.0_all_win7 . exe which are the drivers so your computer will recognize your phone . windows xp users download this driver , extract the contents anywhere ( e . g . desktop ) , right-click on the ' android_usb . inf ' file and click ' install ' . now you have set up your phone to connect to your computer correctly . from here on , it depends on which rom you wish to install . this is an excellent video tutorial that covers installing custom roms and rooting , and as said in the update , many roms with instructions can be found on xda . bricking is always a possibility when modifying software that does not come directly through the intended channels that said , the methods here have been proven to work and your risk is significantly less if you perform these steps correctly . let us know if you need any help ! update : this is a method to install updates to your phone . as far as specific roms to install , xda and google can be very helpful . as soon as you find one you like , go for it : )
is it an unlocked phone , my samsung galaxy 2 can do the same thing . i have a vodafone sim in it , but live in an area that sd does not get a vodafone signal , only optus ( have optus nokia phone also ) and the samsung shows me a full 4 bars , and if i try to make a call it will show network not registered . when i get to an area that i know i will get a vodafone signal i some times have to go into settings a tell it to use the vodafone network . a bug as i see it as it knows what sim you have so it should ignore other networks . brian
i have had a similar problem to this . in my case , it was caused by the sim card coming loose . try the following steps:- turn the phone off completely remove the sim card reinsert the sim card turn the phone on again and then see if you can make a call and use mobile internet . if it happens repeatedly , you might need to wedge a small piece of paper in with your sim card to keep it in place .
ram - random accessed memory - when running an application on your phone , the application is loaded from your device memory into the ram , just like on a computer , the main purpose for this is access speed is far greater in ram . you can clear the apps that is in the ram on your phone depending on your smartphone ( samsung for example hold home button down and click ram manager > clear ram - this will clear what is in ram however most background apps will automatically be loaded back into the ram hence the free space decreasing straight away as you mentioned sd card is a external memory card which you can switch and swap with a variety of different sizes if needed device memory is your phones built in memory , just like sd card has memory however this one cannot be swapped or taken out of the phone . it will hold all of your phones files that make it work , just like a pc , as standard you cannot edit these files as they are read only , however through rooting your phone you may access these files and change if needed . these files as mentioned take up space on your smartphone , so you may have a 16gb device memory or device storage , but you could actually only have 15gb free ( for example not exact ) to use as 1gb is used for the files i mentioned above hope this clear it up for you , and i will happily provide links for further reading for you if needed addition note : modern android phones ( 4.0+ ) use an " emulated sd card " for their internal memory . which means that your phone tricks the os into seeing the internal memory as an sd card , which can cause some confusion as to the difference between sd memory and internal memory .
methods i know of : use a carrier/manufacturer tool such as odin for some samsung phones ( i have done this -- it is easily the most feasible method ) . it connects to the phone and writes to the phone storage when the phone is in download mode . a knowledgeable person could probably write their own tool as well . sign the update . zip file , so that the recovery/bootloader thinks its an official update . that is really the only way most phones can distinguish them ( not sure if an encrypted bootloader makes it harder ) . " has anyone actually done this ? " that i do not know -- it is probably incredibly difficult to fake , but realistically someone could gain access to the signing software . use a jig ( an electronic setup that connects directly to parts of the device ) to write directly to the storage . imagine the phone as a pc where the bios prevents writing to the hard drive -- if you do not boot up the computer , the bios can not interfere , so you could just take out the drive and write to it with something else . chips are just not as removable as drives , hence the jig . this would probably require custom software to do the writing , again possibly taken from the manufacturer . and if you do not overwrite the bootloader you might run into problems depending on what checks it does , i am not sure . at a previous job ( a phone manufacturer ) they used a similar tool to odin to replace the bootloader , sometimes with one that did not require the roms to be signed . access to a tool like that makes a lot of problems go away .
the bbc released statements about their support for android with iplayer back in june : bbc iplayer on mobile : a new version and adobe flash 10.1 streaming on all android 2.2 phones and bbc iplayer on android update . this all boils down to saying that their current strategy for mobiles is to offer a mobile optimised version of their flash site , and not to create individual apps for every smartphone out there . i am also a flash-less fan of bbc radio and tv ( though in a better position than you as my manufacturer and carrier have announced that 2.2 is coming very soon ) , i had beebplayer on my previous android phone and it is sorely missed now . for the moment i just subscribe to the podcasts of the shows i am interested in ( and luckily most of mine are available as podcasts ) using the google listen podcast app , this does have the benefit that they work without cutting out while i am on the tube ! edit : going through the comments on some more recent articles on the bbc internet blog i have discovered an app called myplayer it seems to offer access to ( as far as i can tell ) the full iplayer tv and radio library with both streaming and downloads for later viewing/listening . picture quality does not seem quite as good as i remember from beebplayer , so presumably its using a different stream . anyway it is there and seems to work , grab it before " aunty " spots it ! newer edit : the bbc have released an official iplayer app , called bbc iplayer though this is really just a flash wrapper around the mobile version of the website and does require a wifi connection before it will play most content .
it sounds like you need a podcatcher . i use beyondpod which costs $7 but there are many free ones in the market ( try searching the market for podcast or podcatcher ) . it will allow you to subscribe to a specific bbc show 's podcast feeds then download or stream each episode . this works with audio and video ( although i do not think bbc supports video podcasts anymore ) . i subscribe to several bbc radio podcasts including " the interview " and " one planet " and there is one annoying quirk i have noticed : unlike many other podcast providers , the bbc only offers the most recent show for download . you can not download old shows , but once you get set up you can have you podcatcher automatically download each episode and then you can get several weeks behind but have ll the episodes downloaded to your phone .
i have not tried it , but perhaps tunein radio will do what you want ? it appears to be internet streams of actual radio stations , i am sure you can find one that streams bbc . they have a listing of stations here by location : http://radiotime.com/region/c_0/browse_locations.aspx
you might want to take a look at sharegps : sharegps allows you to use your mobile 's gps just as you would an external one for your pc . it has the ability to send gps status strings out over bluetooth using virtual com ports and over usb using tcp ports . then you can use your favorite mapping program such as google earth to display current gps position and to produce tracks . ( emphasis is mine ) there is a user 's guide available explaining how to set it up on a linux or windows system . if your notebook is a mac , there is nothing said on that here . there is also a thread over at the xda developers about simultaneous wifi-direct and gps-via-usb tethering which might be worth a look ( even if it is only for the gps-via-usb part for you ) . if you wonder what that might use for the gps part -- umm , above mentioned sharegps it seems . so this might count as an additional how-to for that said solution .
go to wi-fi settings first forget the network in " advanced " settings choose " static ip " enter following ip adress= ( ipv4 address , ten digit number , when entering put different last digit ) gateway= ( ipv4 default gateway ) netmask= 255.255.255.0 dns 1= 208.67.222.222 dns 2= 208.67.220.220 use a computer connected to the network/router to find ipv4 address/gateway http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipcq8slo7ly
finally i found a solution for this . when i was stuck on obtaining ip address i was using static ip using google dns 8.8.8.8 today i was trying to install android on my pc ( vmware ) and i found something in there and tried the same trick on my tablet and voila it worked . so i do not know who solved this trick but i want to share my solution here . which is /etc/init.sh or init.goldfish.sh edit this file using any text editor using root permissions . add these lines netcfg eth0 up ( activates the network interface ) netcfg eth0 dhcp ( network interface gets an ip address from dhcp ) setprop net.dns1 8.8.8.8 ( set the google dns server )
here are the details for us non-nerdy guys with a belkin router that usually has an ip of 192.168.2.1 ; others differ like 192.168.1.2 , etc . settings wi-fi hold down desired wi-fi network in advanced settings , put check mark into box change ip from dhcp to static scroll down and set for ip : 192.168.2.55 or 56 57 58 59 , etc . scroll down and set for gateway : 192.168.2.1 scroll down and set for prefetch : 11 ( usually 24 ) scroll down and set for dns 1: 208.67.222.222 scroll down and set for dns 2 . 208.67.220.220 click save
" obtaining ip address " message means that your device has automatically reconnected to the ap . most likely than not the problem is on the pc side .
this happens to me too . but only when leaving the screen on with full brightness , having a wifi hotspot , using location services , and playing a game at the same time . basically , you are using more power than your charger can provide .
either the battery is damaged or it is a software issue . you should first try to reboot the phone . if it does not fix it , try a factory reset .
this sounds like the behavior if you have blacklist mode enabled . double check the ( subtle ) whitelist/blacklist default button ( the text above the apps listing ) .
you can not . and you should not . samsung 's proprietary touchwiz interface , has the hability to change fonts that are distributed as apk files and can be installed like any other app . i am not aware of any other manufacturer that integrated this feature into their device . it is also a bad idea to change the fonts . if they have different x-height parts of the letters may get cut . they may not have some special characters that the system or an app expects so boxes or nothing will show up in it is place . legibility can also be an issue . there are fonts that do not have any of these issues , but they are rare and are mostly the same type as the system font , so you will not notice much improvement .
i know this is a low tech answer but i have had this happen before , normally due to screen smudge from fingers or liquid splash/residue on the screen . give the screen a good clean ( use cloth from a pair of glasses ) and see if problem persists . failing that shut down , remove battery and leave for 5 mins just incase it is a charge/capacitance issue .
sdk : adb shell getprop ro . build . version . sdk complete list : adb shell getprop through the package manager : adb shell pm list features
i suggest the screen on app . i use it when i do not want the screen to dim or turn off , because i want to be able to instantly pause the playback on my audiobook without having to first hit the power button , then swiping the screen . when you want it to revert to a more power-saving mode , you can turn the app off again from the notification bar . it is not customizable to allow it to dim after a specified time , but it will keep it from dimming at all . better than nothing !
it is to alert you that the screen 's about to turn off . it is more useful when your timeout is longer than 30 seconds , certainly . i would assume you had need a custom kernel or at least to root and edit some config files in order to prevent this , i do not believe there is anything in settings for it .
add the power control widget ( available by default in android 2.1+ for most phones ) or a similar wi-fi toggle app to your home screen . ( long press on the home screen , widget , power control . ) that usually fixes it for me .
my current guess is that the script took a lot of cpu time because it uses a very inefficient way of calculating the log file length , which is to read the entire log file to memory and use length . this should not have been much of an issue if the log file is small , but since you said that log file 's current size is more than 50mb , this shows that the log file is not getting trimmed properly . another concerning issue is that init scripts are supposed to only run once at startup , but this script is obviously being run periodically . if my guess is correct , you may be able to fix this temporarily by deleting the log file , but eventually the slow down will occur again when the log file is filled again . check if you have the latest version of your rom , maybe it is fixed in the latest version ? otherwise if it is an unmaintained rom , you will need to figure out a way to fix the script .
try installing the llama app then removing it . for some reason it fixes this , i had the same problem . there is a issue on the tracker that could help .
i took the phone to two different verizon stores , talked to phone support , and even got a replacement- to no avail . finally i installed the sound manager app and set it to " vibrate whenever possible " . this fixed the problem !
there is a separate vibrate setting in the menu for sms messaging under settings .
if gravitybox is not working for you , i would try another xposed mod called wanam xposed . it is similar to gb in the sense that you can modify all kinds of different parts of your phone using it , but wanam is a lot better when it comes to modifying the status bar , in my opinion .
it happens . do not worry , its just a minor brick . you can recover it . what you have to do is , you have to flash your htc mini with a new firmware ( either stock/cyanogenmod/any custom rom ) . but proceed by your own risk . now follow up how to flash custom rom/cyanogenmod/ stock rom on htc mini on google . you should find your answer . good luck !
b1 free archiver works good for unzipping files and password protected files . how to uncompress a password protected zip file ? it is very simple , just tap two times on your archive and enter the password .
try archidroid and it will do your job . . . it extracts password-protected rar , zip , tar , gzip , bzip2 and 7zip files . . . amazingly it is free . . . other apps did not work for me but this one works like a charm : )
install dual file manager . this program lets you unzip password protected files .
according to the manual for your tablet , there should be a " reset " button . try holding it while powering on the tablet and see if it boots into special mode ( recovery ) that lets you perform a reset .
the following link may help you . http://www.howtogeek.com/130611/how-to-factory-reset-your-android-phone-or-tablet-when-it-wont-boot/
it could even be a corrupted cache file . if you are able to boot into recovery ( cwm ) you can perform backups , wipe dalvik-cache and cache and install a current cm7.2 . once in recovery you should be able to mount /data with adb also to run tar , but try the gui .
rather than sleeping , i spent a few more hours experimenting . i found what works best for my needs is an ftp server app . for casual transfers , when both devices are connected to the same network , i will just transfer through my access point . with the limitations that implies . if i am not near an ap or just want full speed , i will deal with the hassle of setting of the wi-fi direct partnership and then launch the ftp server . it usually takes 3-5 tries before the devices connect , but once they do , ftp works stable and fast . furthermore , this solution also satisfies my secondary goal , of being able to use the same method to transfer files between android device and pc . now , there are a lot of ftp server apps out there . most are ad-supported , most are rather big as well . to my surprise , there is also quite a performance difference between them . i thought i would might as well shared my experience with the four ftp server apps i tested . . . required permissions none of the tested apps required ridiculous permissions . just the following special permissions : full network access modify or delete the contents of your usb storage modify or delete the contents of your sd card prevent tablet from sleeping prevent phone from sleeping in addition , andreas liebig 's ftpserver also required : read phone status and identity speed test setup the speed test was not exactly scientifically performed , but devices were in the exact same spots during tests . ftp server app running on nexus 7 filezilla ftp client running on windows 8 laptop both connected to the same 802.11n network . windows reported the link speed as 130 mbps ( i know this is not exact ) i downloaded the same 103,4 mib large file two times through each app test results all stats , numbers and other facts are as of march 30th 2013 . apps ordered by measured throughput , fastest on top . andreas liebig 's ftpserver price : free latest version : 2.4.0 ( 2013-03-26 ) size : 78 kb install base : 100.000 - 500.000 avg . rating : 4.6 android os requirement : 1.1+ comments : initial configuration required , not plug-and-play . detailed server log on main screen when service is running . no anonymous access possible ? throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 43 seconds @2.4 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 47 seconds @2.2 mib/sec boby ertanto 's my ftp server price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 2.1 ( 2013-02-28 ) size : 1.2 mb install base : 50.000-100.000 avg . rating : 4.1 android os requirement : 2.2+ comments : simple interface . very basic settings . throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 48 seconds @2.2 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 49 seconds @2.1 mib/sec the olive tree 's ftp server price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 1.11 ( 2013-01-14 ) size : 1.1 mb install base : 100.000 - 500.000 avg . rating : 4.4 android os requirement : 2.1+ comments : based on apache ftp server . simple interface . configurable port , home dir , username/password , service resillience , energy saving etc . throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 56 seconds @1.8 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 56 seconds @1.8 mib/sec berserker 's ftpdroid price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 1.3.1 ( updated 2012-12-28 ) size : 2.0 mb install base : 50.000 - 100.000 avg . rating : 3.9 android os requirement : 2.2+ comments : based on pure-ftpd . simple interface . configurable port , home dir , username/password , service resillience , energy saving etc . troughput : 103,4 mib downloaded in 135 seconds @0,8 mib/sec , 103,4 mib downloaded in 121 seconds @0,9 mib/sec conclusion not only is andreas liebig 's ftpserver the only completely free of the apps tested , it is incredibly light weight ( 78 kb ! ) , can run on any android phone you can find but also has the fastest throughput of the apps tested . once the initial configuration is done , the main window simply displays your standard ftp server log , whereas other applications pretty much displays nothing but a few buttons and maybe the ip address and port of the server . thank you , andreas !
i use an app called hitchernet-beta to move files across wifi direct between devices . it is fast and stable , great for pushing video files and other big files . in jelly bean the permissions issues of other versions are solved so two way transfer is possible . i am working with these guys to build wifi direct into a game app i am building . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kharybdis.hitchernet
i am budius , the developer of the wifi shoot ! and i must say that j4velin 's explanation is really spot on and pretty sad . i started developing it just because i saw this cool technology and no one was using it but it only proved to be a big headache . even during development ( i was using a transformer tf300 and a galaxy nexus ) it took me much more time than it should had and i had lots and lots of problems simply because the technology is broken on the driver level . example of that is that asus removed support for wifi direct on their jelly-bean built of the transformer ( and that was reason for one of my 1-star rating , it stopped work on the user transformer ) if my app was completely free i probably was going to the same approach of j4velin and simply pull the plug on it , but now i feel i can not just cancel it for the users that paid for it . i started checking some options to allow it to operate over normal wifi too and only use wifi-direct if the user specifically request for it , but it is a personal project and i simply do not have free time now . really hope the manufacturers get their act together , but i would not put my hopes up . anyone who always uses bluetooth everyday ( a technology that was originally developed in 1994 ) know that sometimes you have to reboot your mobile just to have it connect to a headset .
i released an app last week that i hope will solve your problems . wifi direct friends https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cobaltstar.wififriends most significantly , it can transfer files in both directions once the two devices are connected , which i think seems to be your main big issue . so even though you may have to guess which device to press connect on ( blame the device manufacturers ) , you will know that once they are connected you can send and receive no problem . make sure you are not connected to any other wifi networks , or else things will get slow and unreliable . i also added auto restart of the wifi when there are problems or hangups in the initial connection process , so hopefully there will not be much guesswork or troubleshooting . you have hit the nail on the head with regards to finding problems about how wifi direct is implemented across these devices . we are dealing with the most trivial use case of the technology here and the internet is full of tales of woe . direct just does not seem ready for prime time in any big feature that needs to be depended on .
have you tried superbeam ? should work between android devices , will not work with pc though .
from the looks of it , at this point , marking something available offline only allows you to read it offline when using a mobile device ( source ) . however , you can edit and write files offline if you are using a computer or device running chrome or chrome os . i am sure at some point google will allow editing offline , especially for tablets , but at this point , i am pretty sure that you can online view files offline . sorry .
from the homescreen , go to menu , then edit . this brings you to an overview of configured home screens . long-press the one you want to remove , and drag it to the trashbin which appears . continue until only 3 screens are left . similarly , if you want to add more screens , there is one " screen " with a plus-sign ( "+" ) in the same place . tap that one , and you will get an additional screen .
check to see if " system settings / developer options / stay awake " is checked . it is intended to give exactly that behavior ( "screen will never sleep while charging" ) .
check your apns . this might help : http://www.htc.com/mea-en/supportviewnews.aspx?dl_id=949news_id=654 note : apns are provider specific , the linked walkthrough covers ksa mobily postpaid subscribers , but if you google search : ( your provider ) apn settings , it will turn up what you need and then just substitute those values for the ones in the walkthrough . good luck !
i would bring the phone to your carrier 's local store . if a different sim card from the same carrier works , then it is possible that your sim card is damaged or corrupted . the carrier may need to replace it for you . keep in mind that some carriers ( or authorized reseller outlets ) will charge you for this .
shame , ubuntu restart worked fine .
no , it will not duplicate your files . however , there are some files that will not be deleted , like system files and some other software data .
as ce4 pointed out , privoxy just seems have to left the playstore within the last month . at the moment , the probably only candidate left seems to be filterproxy . on the other hand , if you have your device rooted , there are some additional possibilities working by manipulating the device 's local hosts file . a quite good candidate in that case would be adaway , with the alternative of using adfree and several other candidates .
there has been a port of privoxy for android , it was available in the play store but has been deleted : old and broken google play link . the author 's site has a page still here but no downloadalbe . apk . you might have luck by asking him for an . apk . i do not know of any other port , alas .
see goo . im . they have a collection of google apps as installable . zip files . there is an explanation for which packages belongs to what android version on top . however there is currently only one separate package for facelock .
the facelock . apk may not be compatible or rather , clearly , missing some dependency with the motorola 's version of the framework . it could well be modified to exclude the facelock application as well . to each and their own , each manufacturer are free to modify , add , subtract from the google android source to suit themselves . it might help to obtain the logcat using the application alogcat ( found on google play store ) and run that in the background and capture the output from the logcat whilst running facelock to see what is the underlying reason for the point of failure .
a family member also has the same device , and also uses hangouts , so i was able to copy the apn information from him . for any future reference , i got mms to work again by adding these recods to the google hangouts apn list . name : lte - verizon cbs mmsc : http://mms.vtext.com/servlets/mms mms proxy : not set mms port : not set mcc : 311 mnc : 480 and name : ehrpd - verizon cms mmsc : http://mms.vtext.com/servlets/mms mms proxy : not set mms port : not set mcc : 311 mnc : 480
the solution that has worked for me is : upgrade to a nexus s running cyanogenmod 10 .
try this , it worked for me : ctrl + [
i use a zagg bt kbd . i have used others , but not with this app . i use the external keyboard pro app from the play store to reassign keys . my one kvetch , and it is a serious one , is that i cannot reassign the ' home ' key that takes me back to the ' home screen ' with it . and i hate that . i do not want any sort of magical keys on my kbd . that is why i am using a kbd . and i do not think there are that many people using an external kbd with an android device who are not professional typists to some degree . users who hunt and peck are going to be fine with the osk . and the rest of us are going to hate life everytime we hit the ' home ' key and exit our apps . that being said , i have the ' return ' key and the f2/mic-on key mapped to esc on my asus 10.1 tab . it is sufficient to keep me from plucking out my eyes and warning kings of dire times ahead , or wandering around in the day time shining a lantern in poeple 's faces . this is a good thing , but there must be a way to make things ' better ' . the app is not awesome , but it works and it'll get you close to what you want . i am 85% happy . i found it via : http://www.howtogeek.com/175267/the-htg-guide-to-using-a-bluetooth-keyboard-with-your-android-device/
it generates this error when there is only an emulator attached . EOCD not found, not Zip file 'AstroFileManager2.5.1.apk' is not a valid zip file  i realized that the astrofilemanager apk has problem . i downloaded a new one from xda and it works . done .
seems like an whitespace problem in the filename . either remove or escape them .
the -s should be before the ' install '
you can turn off automatic update checking by pressing menu and than settings in the play store . you can then manually go to my apps to update them . this will not greatly increase the work you have to do , because even if there is a notification once a week it would still require you to confirm the updates . there is no option however to change the frequency of the automatic updates .
if you go into settings and check " auto-update apps " it will download and install the updates without prompting you . if you are worried about data usage , also check " update over wi-fi only " . i have had my phone set this way for a while now , as i too got tired of constantly having updates to accept . as dylan yaga pointed out , if an apps update changes its permissions , you will still be prompted to update it manually , although this does not occur very often .
it has nothing to do with what app you are using – on android the screenshot key-combination works globally , no matter if you are on your homescreen , in the settings , or in a game . however , the global key-combination can vary from device to device , depending how the manufacturer implemented it . like you mentioned : normally that combination would be vol-down+power . but samsung uses ( at least on the galaxy s2 ) the combination home+power , where home is the big iphone-like button in the center below your screen . press both those keys simultaneously and hold it for about a second .
you need to have the manifest . xml of the apk . if you rename the . apk to a . zip you can open it . hopefully you can read the manifest else you need to decompile the apk ( lots of tutorials online ) then you need to lookup the intents it listens to and use that . or use the component name and launch it explicitly . how to do this in tasker is unknown to me , to do it programmaticly : Intent intent = new Intent(); intent .setComponent(new ComponentName("com.package.name","com.package.name.activity")); startActivity(intent); 
if your device is rooted , you can install autorun manager from the market ( for just looking up the listeners , the free version will do as well ) . use its advanced mode -- and there it will list up all apps which have listeners ( which listen to intents ) . tap the app you want to investigate , and all of its registered intent listeners are shown . now you can even disable the ones which annoy you ( e . g . google maps service listener on network change to pry your location ) .
easiest solution : ask the developer ! reason : it is the most reliable source if he/she answers . you cannot say easily what parameters to set and if it is even allowed to start other activities from your own ' intent launcher ' ( be it tasker or something else ) . i had a quick look at it , it is a paid app and a small dev . often those developers really care and respond quickly , especially if it is a paid app . i did so with titanium backup in the past and was positively suprised how easy it was . if you have the information , you can also use the free manual intent shortcuts app to create a custom launcher . google play has a ' contact developer ' button just below the overview description of ( most ? ) apps . having a look at smart tools , you see that it is there : androidboy1 ( at ) gmail com what you could also do : uc berkeley has a cool project : comdroid . a static analysis tool for identifying application communication-based vulnerabilities it is a web service where you can upload your . apk to . ( since you ask an advanced question i guess you know how to get the apk of your app ) . after the upload search the analysis for malicious activity launch , this is the information you want . you might be lucky to misuse it using tasker , etc .
i would use a decompiler https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dexplorer look in the manifest file , it will have the intents that the app uses .
i finally found out why ! :d when the phone boots - at least if i use go launcher - if the sd card is not completely mounted apps " get lost " . i have completely solved the problem activating my phone card pin code . i turn on the phone , wait on the pin code screen without entering it for a minute and then i enter the pin : everything is perfect . i think the problem can be also solved killing and restarting the launcher but i did not test .
have you moved them to or from the sd card ? my app icons disappear from my home screen when they are moved .
i sometimes have this problem with my lg optimus v . i used to re-install the app ( s ) , now i just reboot the phone again--works 9 times out of 10 ( and with those odds , the a second reboot handles that 10th time ) .
use an alternative browser like flashfox . its selling point is the fact that it plays flash . source : installed flashfox , opened a random channel on micromusic .net, there were sounds !
i am assuming you mean www.micromusic.net? it seems that the site uses flash to play the music , which is not supported on android at all . you had have to get the developers of the site to provide other options for listening to the stream .
you can click on the applications icon , then bring up the menu and there should be edit in there . you will now be able to drag icons back and forth , remember to press the menu button again to save it .
if you have the ice cream sandwich update , pretty much all you have to do is hit the menu button from the home screen , select edit , and then long press the application you want to change . for gingerbread , click the applications icon , then follow the same procedure ( menu button , edit , etc . )
use an alternative launcher like launcher pro / adw / zeam / go launcher etc . they allow you to customize the icons that you want at the bottom of the screen in addition to many , many more useful features .
this question is rather rom specific . in fact the custom rom post even says it is a " new beta from vibraturk " . if you want to continue using this beta rom , please search the linked thread or ask the creator for for more specific help on his rom . you might want to consider a more " established " rom like cyanogenmod for captivate , there are even cm9/ics nightlies already .
the transformer prime has a problem with its gps all right . you can get a free external gps adapter that fits into the docking port . http://event.asus.com/asuspad/tf201gps/
i have several bluetooth-gps adapters that i use with all of my devices when i need a superb signal because a specialiced receiver is almost always superior to a smartphone 's internal gps ( due to integration constraints ) . gps receiver : my favourite is the bluemax 4043 bluetooth receiver . it has more than one day uptime , it can also log 32mb of gps data and uses a cheap nokia bl-5c battery . linux support ! openstreetmaps wiki has a comprehensive list of good receivers ( search for the bluetooth enabled ones ) . software support : cyanogenmod7+ can connect to gps bluetooth receivers , stock android users may install 3rd party apps like bluetooth gps provider . it is very handy for my nook color tablet that has no gps but bluetooth ( asus transformer prime users also have this kind of problem ) .
the stock messaging app will automatically save a draft message when you tap on the back button while composing the message , but the recipient field has to be filled . without a recipient it will give a warning that the message will be deleted . there are a lot of good alternatives . i have no experience with them myself ( i am using the stock app ) but a lot of people seem to like handcent , go sms pro or chompsms . just search the internet for reviews .
the most likely cause of the symptoms you describe is that a pin is bent or broken in the usb connection . with the data pin broken but the power pin connected , the connection is exactly as if as it works on a different machine , that would narrow the problem down to the cable ( if you are using different cables on each ) or the usb port on your pc . try a different cable and a different usb port . as your phone works fine with a windows pc , that rules out it being a problem with android itself , so if changing the physical connection does not help , we probably can not help you any further here .
no , odin is an internal samsung tool . i assume you would use fastboot or an htc tool in this case . edit : i did not pay enough attention to the webpage &mdash ; as varunyellina says that is just source code , you can not flash it at all .
what you need is a software which acts as an upnp control point on your new phone , and a media renderer with push on the old phone . a control point is capable of exactly what you need : browse media server ( your desktop ) in the same way as you do with your old phone currently , but it does not play itself , instead it tells the renderer " hey , start streaming that url " . then it just observes the renderer and can control the playback ( if renderer supports being controlled ) . that " being controlled " part is called " media push": instead of browsing the server from renderer directly , the controller tells the renderer what to do . finding a control point for android should be easy ( i will not present any suggestions , just google " android upnp control point" ) . there is a solid chance that imediashare is a control point already . but i am afraid that renderer with push for android is hard to find . it essentialy means that the phone must sit on the network with opened server socket , doing nothing , waiting for commands . and that is perhaps problematic with android . i already answered one question here on a similar matter and the asker did not report any conclusion . you are welcome to pioneer the search for such android app :- )
i deleted all the apps that could not be found . then you can just install them again , like onik suggested . apps that you purchased are linked to your account , so the market keeps track of them , even after deleting them . purchases that you delete will be organized in the not installed section of your my apps list .
make sure your phone is powering off completely before you try to boot into the bootloader . for a dhd you might need to go into Settings &gt; Applications and uncheck the " fastboot " option in order for it to power down completely ( source ) . if #1 does not help , try turning your phone off , then pulling the battery . after you have pulled the battery and waited a few seconds , hold the volume down button and put the battery back in the phone . then continue to hold volume down while you power up the phone and it should land on the bootloader . if #1 and #2 do not work ( or you are lazy , since i think this is the easiest way ) , plug your phone into a computer that has adb on it . make sure usb debugging is enabled , then simply enter adb reboot bootloader from an adb terminal . this will ( unsurprisingly ) reboot your phone into the bootloader .
not with galaxy xcover gt-s5690 gingerbread xxla6 . . . adb reboot bootloader boot " normal " . also #2 boot normal . volume down and power up boot into recover which is not bootloader " mode " . gobbling thing .
it sounds like your clock is 4 minutes fast . check to see if your phone is getting its time from the network ( on gingerbread , it is settings/date and time , not sure about cm 7.2 ) . if you are getting time from the network , try disabling automatic updates and set the time manually to a source like time . gov or time . is .
try re-applying Factory settings to your phone . how to do it : Your Home Screen-&gt;Menu-&gt;Settings-&gt;Privacy-&gt;Factory data reset.  caution : selecting this option erases all data into the phone . please ensure that you have proper backup in case some unexpected issues surface !
i found an ice cream truck ringtone in mobiles24 . could you check if that is correct ?
you could try booting into safe mode ( according to this article you should be able to do so by holding down the vol - key while switching on the device with the power button ) . in safe mode , all user-installed apps are " disabled " , so they will not be started automatically . once in safe mode , remove the troublesome app ( uninstall it via settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; manage applications ) . then simply reboot to leave safe mode -- your device should now boot up fine .
here is a last ditch solution if you get nothing better : if you know how to use john the ripper then all you have to do is pull all of the files off of your hard drive , and use jtr to crack the password ( depending on the length of the key , this could take days or even weeks ) . then you can make an image file of your hard drive and flash your device using a flashing tool . besides that , i am sure there is no way to disable the encryption without the key . really your only option at that point is to get any files off of it that it will allow you to , and then do a factory reset .
it is possible to decrypt an android . i am doing it right now . i had to turn off the maas360 device admin using the app itself : you can not do it from the device admin screen . once i did that , i had the decrypt option . the decrypt worked fine for the phone , and i am doing the sd card now . i still only have the password option for the lock screen , but hoping this sd card decrypt gives opens the other options . i have a verizon g s4 running 4.4.1 .
as far as i know , reverting the android encryption is impossible , you will have to backup your information and perform a factory reset .
as the firmware resides in /system , flashing a firmware obviously overwrites that partition . /boot is usually involved here as well . whether the two get " wiped " is a different question ; but as otherwise things could get " mixed " , which might cause unwanted side-effects , i would say they are ( i am not 100% sure with this ) . so in these two partitions , nothing of the previously installed firmware should remain . that is different for the other partitions of your device . so usually , /data is not touched by the flashing process , but of course it will be touched once the new system boots up ( it e.g. needs to initialize the dalvik cache for the newly installed system apps , which is located in /data/dalvik-cache ) . for the /cache partition ( holding the application cache ) it is similar : it usually is not touched by the flashing process , but used normally afterwards . hence it is a good idea to wipe these two ( cache and dalvik cache ) when installing a different rom . it might not always be required , but it does not hurt . a factory-reset in principle is a combination of the two : it wipes the /cache and /data partitions . so other than the manual wipe of the caches from a custom recovery , it also removes all user data ( including the user-installed apps ) . note : do not confuse a " wipe " with a " safe erase": with the right tools , data still might be recoverable following a wipe . with this on your mind , your second question becomes obsolete : if you just want a clean system for yourself , this wish is already granted . if , on the other hand , you did these steps to sell your device , there is always the point of what could be restored . for a " safe erase " , you might want to take a look at special tools like nuke my phone / nuke my tablet , which overwrite everything with " garbage data " , and finalize this process with a factory-reset .
have you tried doing this with syncing your bookmarks over google account ? i know that stock browser reads the bookmarks synced with google account when logged in . if you log into google using chrome browser , syncing bookmarks and then logging into google using stock browser should get your bookmarks there . can not test it because i am currently on 4.2.2 and do not have chrome for android installed so this is just a guess how it could be done . edit when you first start your chrome browser it asks you right away to login into your google account . if you have done that it asks you the same question as in the desktop version - whether to synchronize things like passwords , bookmarks etc . between your chrome instances . if you have done the first thing and answered the following question with " yes everything " or just " yes " with a marked checkbox for bookmarks you are pretty much set up . if you do not have this done yet you can reconfigure synchronization in chrome settings . now if you take a look into the bookmarks section of chrome you should see some folders like " mobile bookmarks " , " other bookmarks " , " desktop bookmarks " ( due to my german version the titles may differ a bit ) . every bookmark saved under " desktop bookmarks " will be synchronized back to your google account . if you open your stock android browser some minutes later and login to your google account when asked you will see your google email address as a folder/category inside bookmarks section containing your bookmarks from chrome . even if you will install i.e. a chrome browser on your desktop some day you will end up with your bookmarks/tabs/passwords/ . . . beeing pulled from your google account once you login . here are some screenshots ( as i already mentioned they are unfortunately from my german version ) :
on some devices which do support wifi-direct , the corresponding binaries come pre-installed ( e . g . the wpa_cli command ; see also how can i install wpa_cli on my rooted device ? ) . if you have those ready , you can use them on your android device as you would do on a linux machine ( find a closer description e.g. in the blog post how to : use wpa_cli to connect to a wireless network ) . of course that would require a terminal emulator to be installed on your device ( take e.g. a look at android terminal emulator for a good candidate ) -- at least if you want to issue the commands directly . as the linked " how to " describes , you can use wpa_cli in interactive mode ( by directly executing it ) . on the " wpa_cli shell " you then can execute different commands : scan scans for available networks , with add_network you can select an available network to configure with set_network . an example could look like this : &gt; add_network 0 &gt; set_network 0 ssid "WLAN-Network" &gt; set_network 0 psk "SupahSecretPassphrase"  this would trigger a connection phase , which could look like : another good source to take a look at is android from the command-line , which gives some more examples -- not only restricted to wifi .
the motorola usb drivers can be found at http://developer.motorola.com/tools/resources/ on motorola devices , it enumerates as " mot single adb interface "
a bit of a hack , inconvenient and i am not even sure if it would work : download juice defender , set it to always keep data disabled and later check how much battery it claims to have saved you . as for the wifi , on my phone ( xperia neo v , 2.3 . ? ) , it is a separate entry on the battery usage panel . maybe you used it so little that it is not even displayed ( probably &lt ; 0.5% ) ?
killing the download app ( i.e. . force stop ) and then rebooting cleared it .
it is either restored when you first configure your android account on the device and accept the cloud backup , or not at all . there is no way to trigger it manually except for factory-resetting and re-configuring the account ( sometimes it even requires to use a different sim to trigger a complete restore , as one user reported ; i just cannot find the reference at the moment ) . you will find a lot of details in the answers to google backup : multiple devices using the same account - what happens on restore ? .
i heard that it is a hardware ability in phones which should provide electricity for usb devices to run . also most of the sony phones support it but few samsungs devices . i have a galaxy young . by the way , i now see this page . the new developer claims the young is an o.t. g device . . . i hope so .
there is no way to enable usb otg on samsung galaxy y duos . thats all i know so far .
i posted a similar question to this elsewhere and was pointed to this thread , which did not really answer my question either . posting my question , i thought that i may get some answers here , as it is , after many hours searching and trying various apps out , i have found a few apps that provide solutions myself , the best two of which i will list below . i was looking for an app to show " call " and " sms " " history"/"logs " for an individual contact , so using these search terms i found many , the best stand alone one i found is called " my log " from " intangible solutions " which is able to search and list all calls and sms for any given number or multiple numbers in a very clear and easy to read format . the drawbacks is that it is heavily add supported and takes a little while to specify all the contact 's numbers , as you have to select them one at a time , having said this , the results are brilliant . the other i found via an associated app call " call log+" which i tried and initially dismissed as it only gave me call log similar to the one found in the standard " phone " dialler , however i later went back to it is associated app " contacts+" , which includes " call log+" , " messages+" and " dialler+" , and then also installed " merge+" , " emoji for conacts+" and the " contacts+ widget " to get the full collection , which can replace the standard " phone " , " contacts " and " messaging " functions with much better versions , that do far more . the " contacts+" , which includes " call log+" does everything i wanted , in that i can instantly see a call log for any contact . the fact that " contacts+" does a whole lot more beyond this , is also fantastic , but it does exactly what i wanted , so job done . i hope this may help others looking for the same missing ( removed ) feature , which because of how i use my phone , i would find hard to live without .
call history search allows you to search by name or number in your call history , but is limited in the number of records it searches . the description for faves says " see talk time , last call , number of in and out calls per contact ; individual call logs per contact ; " . i have not used either app , but found them in a search of the play store . caveat emptor .
try app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rachittechnology.aphonemetix in this app you can generate reports based on data , person , type of call ( incoming/outgoing ) , you can email that report on your email address . this is free app without any restriction . do try this app and share your feedback . ps - i am creator of this app
if you have made frequent calls or recieved the calls to/from that particular contact , then you can find all logs of that particular contact by going to ' dialer ' and then switching to ' favourites ' tab . hope this may help you !
you are unable to filter the call log for a specific contact in 4.1.2 you would have to find an application on the play store to do that for you .
view a contact ( either from the contacts app or by clicking them in the phone app ) . then press the menu hard-key , and history is the first item on the list . note : my samsung galaxy s iii has been upgraded to android 4.3 , so i have no idea if the method is the same in android 4.1.2 , or if this is something samsung has added since then . if anyone is still on 4.1.2 , please check and comment !
this is a feature of gingerbread , if you are using the built in sip client . in settings -> call settings there is a setting called " use internet calling " which you can set to " only for internet calls " . then if the contact has a sip number , it will call that directly sip-> sip instead of going out over the phone connection .
the table at http://www.syncdroid.net/ is quite comprehensive . if you have outlook , there are ways to sync your calendar with your device . always list your device and os - it helps .
i am from india . i think google play gift card is not available in india till now . i will tell you a method through which you can purchase android apps from play store in india without credit card . the only legal way to buy paid apps from play store other than credit card is by creating virtual credit card . virtual credit card is an artificial credit card which acts similarly like any ordinary credit card and you can use it for online shopping . but in virtual credit card you have to transfer the amount first just like debit cards . there are two trusted ways of creating virtual credit card - a . create virtual credit card from bank - many banks are having a service of creating a virtual credit card for online shopping . state bank of india and hdfc bank are two banks which i have used for creating virtual credit card especially hdfc bank 's netsafe service is awesome and just perfect for any online shopper . amount charged for creating virtual credit card is very minimum . b . create virtual credit card from entropay - if your bank does not give the service of creating virtual credit cards then you can use entropay for purchasing apps from the play store . entropay is an online service which i strongly recommend for creating virtual credit cards , as it is completely safe and secure . all your information is protected by encryption . creating virtual credit card through is very easy you just need to fill up your details and your virtual credit card is ready in minutes , now transfer your fund to virtual credit card and start shopping . entropay is used worldwide and processes thousands of transactions daily . for using entropay you need to pay certain charges . earlier google only sells android apps through its play store in india but now google has start selling books and movies also , so this virtual credit card method work perfectly with them also means you can buy android apps , ebooks and movies without credit card using virtual credit cards . i hope this post is helpful for you .
google play cards can be bought at many stores ( depending on your country ) . there are also websites providing instant gift card-codes . i have personally used and can recommend this site for german speaking countries . for everyone that is interested in keeping banking information away from google ( as far as that is possible today ) that is the only viable option . the codes are redeemed within the play store --> options --> redeem gift code the money is then added to your account to use on any app , movie , music or in-app-purchase .
perhaps you can mail-order a play store gift card - https://play.google.com/intl/en-us_us/about/giftcards/#lightbox
i am going to provide a suggestion , but it is not an android app . you can try subeditnet : a simple tool to add or remove time to a srt subtitle file . i developed this in my spare time , so do not expect it to be completely bug free . please always backup your . srt file ; ) you will need microsoft .netframework 3.5 to execute it on older operating systems . or via linux command ( not tested ) : $ dos2unix subtitles . srt $ sed -r '/^ [ 0-9 ] +$/{n ; d}' subtitles . srt > outfile
as explained it the comments to the question , and indicated by geffchang 's answer , what you need for that is an editor supporting regular expression search and replace . an example for such is jota+ text editor , supporting that for android 2.2 onwards . to learn more about regular expressions , see this wikipedia article , which also provides additional links . to teach them would go beyond the scope of this site , but the examples given might already work out for you .
if you are rooted , you can try one of the following 1 . NoSafeVolumeWarning in xposed framework 2 . Media Tweak Settings in gravity box
once you are rooted , goto settings/sounds/volumes . unchecked the safe headphone volume box and agree to warning about potential damage to your ears . that is what i did on my nexus 7 w/4.4.4 rom .
well , that is weird first of all make sure that the other bluetooth devices you are searching using the s2 are visible , otherwise its not going to detect the bluetooth device . and if you are sure that the bluetooth devices you are trying to connect is visible try clearing the cache and the data stored by the bluetooth app , you can do that by going to settings> application manager> tap the bluetooth app and clear the cache and the data store . now try connecting with the other bluetooth devices and see if that works out or not .
you can try sony pccompanion this will install the driver for your device . or flashtool after installing you will find the driver in the path you installed flashtool . mostly C:\Flashtool\Drivers note : enable debugging mode in xperia and connect in msc mode .
if auto-correct is the problem , i would just turn it off . then you can type whatever you want without the system trying to over-ride your decisions . it does mean that you will have to take responsibility for any spelling mistakes , but it also means no more having your words twisted by a matching algorithm .
i also have this problem , where i often type in italian using many english words or even expressions . if you can not find a keyboard with support for two separate languages ( i know the xperia default keyboard does , for example ) , i strongly suggest you to try swiftkey . along with many wonderful features , it is also able to recognize up to three languages at a time ( e . g . you can start typing in french , and then type a word in english : swiftkey will recognize you are now using english , and apply the english autocorrect and suggestions ) - just install the appropriate language packs ( in your case , french , english ( gb ) and english ( us ) ) . swiftkey has a free trial that lasts 1 month , but some googling is enough to find out how to bypass the limit .
if i remember well : in the language and input settings click the settings icon next google keyboard . you can then change the input languages settings and select multiple languages . finally go the advanced settings there should be a way to enable a key that allows you to easily switch your input method when typing ( from memory it was by holding the space bar ) bon courage !
first , this often just a simple problem . little balls of lint and debris can gather inside the headphone jack . this can cause the plug not to seat fully into the jack . this will prevent the system from recognizing that headphones were connected . i have to clean mine out every few months . i just use on of the little plastic dental picks to pull the lint out . also , since this is not an official miui rom , it could be a problem with the port . try contacting the rom maintainer through the forum where you obtained the rom .
so , i have figured out myself what caused the problem , thanks anyway : i tried uninstalling some apps i installed before and looks like " business calendar free beta " caused this problem . after i removed it , it works just fine and normal . and i did not liked it anyway and i think the standard app is good for me .
yes , it is different . just like google search google play search uses different settings for every person , just like rat2000 said .
it is not the same . for countries . google search is not the same for you and a friend or your neighbor . google keeps data for every person that uses that services and determines what he might like or might not like . at a country level based on all the search that you made and the citizens it decides what you or another citizen might like . basically it is all very connected and there are very powerful algorithms that determine what a user might need based on the location he is , the nationalyti , the previous searches , his friend searches , everything matters more or less .
after quite some time a friend of mine goofed around and actually found the fix : cyanogenmod settings > display > automatic blacklight in here enable ' use custom ' and then look at the values in ' edit other levels . . . ' . the levels you want to edit are either the ones under ' buttons ' which are the values for the backlight of the soft keys ( home , menu , back and search ) and the values under ' keyboard ' is for the keyboard backlight . a value of 30 is standard for the ' buttons ' and the values for the ' keyboard ' are only 0 or higher than 0 . ( even though you can choose values between 0 and 255 , it does not seem to matter visibly . )
from what it sounds like , you not only want it to show a higher percentage but also ' use ' this last little bit of juice in the battery . technically you could just modify the icon to show full all the time or be slightly above the real level , but that is just the icon 's look . i think to accomplish what you are trying to do you will have to modify the rom yourself . if your savvy in this field , you can look for some open source roms , modify it , and see if it works .
i have a rooted gs2 and i installed " xposer installer " and within that program i installed the " xposed framework " that lets you download " tweaks " for android . http://repo.xposed.info/module/de.robv.android.xposed.installer i did not try it , but among the available tweaks there is one named " disablecriticalbatteryshutdown " . the description says : disablecriticalbatteryshutdown ( for xposed framework ) what ? disables the auto-shutdown when android detects a critical battery level why ? this is to prevent the auto-shutdown when you have 1% left of battery . it is useful for calibrating your battery by draining it completely , using chinese branded batteries with terrible battery percentage detection or even lengthen the life of a phone with non-removable battery with terrible calibration . compatiblility : not working on 4.3+ tested only on aosp 2.3 , 4.0 , 4.1 this project is abandoned , i will not add support for any other roms . as i already said , i have not tested it , but theres a chance that it does what it says . if you have 4.1 or older this might do what you need .
you can now download the latest version of google keyboard ( with sliding support ) from the google play store . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.inputmethod.latin
may be you can explain a little bit more on what you are trying to do . . also , if you can list those custom kernel files , we can help better . if i need to flash a custom kernel , i follow below process : get the source from the git repository make my changes to the kernel source . change could vary from adding a simple debug printk statement to adding a new driver . build the kernel source using cross-compiler toolchain change the phone to fastboot mode ( i am talking bout g1 phone ) use ' fastboot ' to flash the custom kernel ( zimage ) using command : ' fastboot flash:raw boot zimage ramdisk . img ' use ' fastboot reboot ' command to reboot the phone using the new kernel hope there is some clarity now .
the kernel is part of the " boot image " , which is stored in a separate partition in the flash memory , not in a normal file . see http://android-dls.com/wiki/index.php?title=howto:_unpack,_edit,_and_re-pack_boot_images
this rooting tutorial is much easier to follow than samdroid 's ( it still uses samdroid 's method , but the tutorial is much less terse and have pictures ) : http://www.addictivetips.com/mobile/root-samsung-galaxy-spica-i5700-with-leshaks-kernel/
the main reference resource site for modders and " cookers " of samsung spica aka i5700 is at samdroid forum board , here . it contains all information you need to upgrade your firmware version , root your phone , etc .
that is described at the google support page for picasa as a limitation , even if you are currently paying for extra space , that does not allow you to have image files larger than 2048 pixels on their longest edge : picasa and picasa web albums - free storage limits free storage limits photos up to 2048 x 2048 pixels and videos up to 15 minutes will not count towards your free storage . automatic resizing all photos uploaded in google+ will be automatically resized to 2048 pixels ( on their longest edge ) and will not count towards your free storage quota . all photos uploaded from the picasa software or in picasa web albums over the free size limit will count towards your 1 gb of free storage . when you reach your storage limit , any new photos you upload larger than the free size limit will be automatically resized to 2048 pixels ( on their longest edge ) . picasa and picasa web albums - account upload limits maximum photo size : each image can be no larger than 20 megabytes and are restricted to 50 megapixels or less . maximum video size : each video uploaded can be no larger than 1gb in size . maximum number of web albums : 10,000 maximum number of photos and videos per web album : 1,000 total storage space : picasa web provides 1 gb for photos and videos . files under certain sizes do not count towards this limit . you can refer to the how google storage plans work , to confirm that what you pay only affects the space you have , not the service characteristics . as a side note : try and talk to their customers service to work a solution .
go to : settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks . make sure the " data roaming " checkbox is unchecked . that will keep you from roaming accidentally , since you will have to enable it . if you want to enable it and use roaming lightly , there are some apps in the market that will track your data usage for you . however , in my experience roaming abroad has been so expensive that even roaming for a few minutes of data is not worth it . i usually either try to find a public hotspot or get a prepaid sim card with data .
make sure to use wifi whenever possible . no data is consumed when you are connected via the wifi antenna .
it is a very simple tool , but i like apndroid to totally disable data while leaving basic phone functionality intact . it has a nice toggle widget . there are also settings that can help with this . on my nexus one , there are settings here : settings -> wireless and network settings -> mobile networks your mileage may vary depending on your model . you can play with those settings to disable roaming or data .
i realize this is a commercial plug , but i am merely a happy customer , not part of the business . . . anyway , i rented a sim card from http://iphonetrip.com , and got data while travelling in mexico ( i live in the us ) . it worked well !
if clearing the cache does not work then another option would be to uninstall updates to the play app . in a lot of cases this seems to do the trick .
looks like what the op is looking for can be done at appbrain , using the &amp;sort=popular url parameter . see e.g. this example search for file sync : first result page mosly holds apps with 10k+ downloads with a good " internal rating " ( they have their own " rating number " in addition to the playstore rating ) . checking some , they seem to have 10k+ ratings on gplay as well . additional filtering is possible for free/paid , new/updated , app2sd , reduced price . though not being exactly what was asked for , i guess it is pretty close . another good result list can be obtained with the &amp;sort=highest-rated variant , which seems to sort by playstore rating : " file sync " by rating .
you should not lose any data by flashing the ota file . you can flash the ota file ( see androidpolice for info and where to download it from ) and as long as you have not changed any system files it should apply ok . simply select the " apply update from sdcard " option and select the update file . you will lose root but you can simply flash supersu ( the only superuser app that works on 4.3 at the moment ) which will " re-root " your device . if you get a prompt about disabling recovery flash , select " no " as the new supersu uses this part of getting root access .
if you are using the wifi tethering you can mac filter it by only allowing certain devices to connect . also make sure you have the password set and maybe even change it if you need to .
the main difference between a " user profile " and a " restricted profile " is that a restricted profile does not have its own google account , which is needed for gmail and google+ hangouts . a restricted profile with a google account in it is just a normal user account . if you want to restrict access to features in a normal user profile , you need to use device-administrator software to impose a security policy . this will also allow you to remotely/centrally manage each device .
you can try enotify or enotifylite . . . it enables you to customize email notificiatons and create your own alerts based on the subject , sender and other properties : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hermes.enotifylite
try these apps : mail alert by droiddevwork ( on appbrain ) maildroid by flipdog ( on appbrain ) disclaimer : i have never used any of them .
android ringtones , more often than not , come in ogg vorbis format ( .ogg ) , so you had be better off using that format . ( it is weird that your device does not support mp3 , mine works great when i put them in /sdcard/media/ringtones . but then again , every device is different . )
usb host mode requires android 3.1 or above . so long as your device is running the correct os you should have the required drivers to run usb host mode . however not all roms are equal . you can find usb host mode driver apps in the play store for some models that do not have the drivers built in . htc incredible http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=751535 nexus one http://sven.killig.de/android/n1/2.2/usb_host/ installing and using the usb host diagnostics app from the play store will allow you to run diagnostics showing if the os currently supports usb host mode and if your device has been detected . loading the usb host mode drivers allows your device to connect to a usb device in host , however you still need the drivers for that device to be present . many devices will function under generic drivers included in the os , but not every device is compatible with generic drivers , nor has their specific drivers included as well . i would proceed by installing the correct driver for your dongle before proceeding . however , if you want to bridge these connections , this is not a function supported out of the box by android . a good router would be a better choice . to enable bridging on android you will need to be sure that your wifi module is linux supported , a working wpa_supplicant module from linux for that dongle , recompile drivers for the dongle , recompile a bridge utility from linux , and time . would be easier to use two andoid devices , each on a different wifi network , connect them with bluetooth , and in android 3.0+ you can bridge the two wifi networks this way .
i am sorry to have to tell you this , but this is not possible . the os outputs the data to the screen , and the screen follows this . when the device is in portrait mode , that is what the device outputs - as the screen has wide space , it fills it with black bars . this is the same for the ipad 's ( i know , i hate them as well ) with their screen connectors - if the ipad is in portrait mode , then the screen sits in the middle of the screen .
think about it , if you were to stretch that screen on the handset when and only if , plugged into the tv set , it would look hacky and awful at worst ! reasons include : would chew up a lot of memory to allow translation on the fly to accomodate the width of android 's graphics frame-buffer device - which is a limited size based on the resolution of the handset and only one framebuffer is available ! an extra layer of complexity to tell android " right , we are plugged into tv , now stretch " as ram is chewed up to " accomodate " a bigger buffer to hold the graphics in a stretched state for desktop screen/tv , that could result in android slowing down to a crawl as the apps would not have enough ram available to run in . all in all , it may be do-able , but having to reserve memory for the " stretched " resolution , say , for example , 800x480 resolution , portrait mode on wvga , 480x800 , landscape mode , 800x480 , using that one singular frame-buffer device . have a mosey around in the kernel configuration as there may be something in there for media/tv capture . . . ? as for the actual app within android itself , have not seen it . worthy a investigation into the kernel though : ) but then again , if there is a chip that supports hdmi , maybe its a different story , but interesting question op ! +1 from me !
long press the home screen , select samsung widgets--> select program monitor
i think the " task manager " app was available from the samsung apps store in android 2.1 , i seem to remember downloading it from there at some point along with the " my files " app . you can try going into applications list on your phone , finding the " samsung apps " icon and looking through the list in there . if your phone is running android 2.2 then the task manager is " built-in " and is not easy to delete . you can see if it is still there by holding down your home button for a few seconds until the recent apps list comes up , and you should have a taskmanager button at the bottom .
i hate when that happens . it happened to me more times than i could count while i was traveling through western maryland ( and it is even worse when the phone mysteriously switches from 4g to 1x and refuses to go back to 4g or even 3g ) . . . anyway , there are three things you can try . the first , obvious one is to relocate the phone to somewhere that you get a better signal . this may not help much at all if you are in a fringe coverage area and in a residence , but it is definitely something you should attempt . next , to force the phone to reconnect to the network , just toggle airplane mode on and off . ( btw , do not bother with any of those so-called " network signal booster " apps . all they do is toggle airplane mode on and off , hiding the notification bar so you can not see what it is doing . ) this is probably your best bet . in my experience this will get your high speed connection back most of the time , but you still are not guaranteed to keep it long enough to finish your download . your phone also has a secret menu which can be accessed by entering *#*#4636#*#* into the dialer . in this menu you can view various statistics about the mobile data connection , as well as change which network types the device will try to connect to . ( the exact types vary by device and firmware revision , and i do not have a droid 3 on hand , so you will just have to look and see for yourself . ) in my experience , though , this did not help much ; the phone would just give me no data service instead of 1x , or refuse to connect to 3g/4g , or to any network at all . also , be careful in this menu ; if you change a setting and do not know what to change it back to , you could completely kill your ability to connect to the network , requiring a factory reset .
the best option is google 's my tracks follow the link and see the features yourself . everyhing you want is there . and the best part is it is free ! ! hope this helps
you could use trip jounal . it records your gps track log and combines photos/videos/notes you have made along the way and can display it all on a map .
if it is just the " user " and " system " applications , i do this sort of thing all the time . in fact i wrote an app to help me out with this . i uninstall and re-install applications for testing a development all the time . i need to easily be able to make copies and move " . apk " files all the time . please take a look at the free app : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=burrows.apps.appmanager . simple install the app , " backup " your application of choice and then share/send the application ( . apk ) to another phone . regards ,
if your device is running android 4.0 or higher , carbon - app sync and backup would be the perfect solution , and does not even require root -- but still is capable of backing up apps including their data : carbon app sync and backup as above screenshots show , you can backup/restore single apps , or select a batch . what you cannot see on the screenshots : you can also save a selection as " group " , so for the next backup/restore you do not need to select apps separately , but simply select the group instead . with carbon backup , one should be able to backup apps and data to sd card , attached usb devices , dropbox , googledrive , etc .
there are numerous options available to you : titanium backup for ics upwards , settings > backup and reset > backup my data/backup account for gb , settings > privacy settings > backup my data last but not least , adb backup in that order of " user-friendliness " , from a android application that requires rooted access , in reference to titanium backup , to the least , using the command line adb backup .
normally , the quickest ' fix ' to see what is going on is to try sudo adb devices ( or sudo ./adb devices if you downloaded adb stand-alone . ) if that works , then your permissions are not right . once the server starts you can use adb without sudo . however since you said other phones work , my guess is that the lg phones attempt to auto-detect or auto-negotiate mtp / usb mass storage and do not like your linux system ( this is nothing new , vendors do not test this . ) there are no drivers for linux for this ( aside : i hope there never are . ) check dmesg and lsusb output - it is possible they are doing something funny on the phone side with usb . you may need to force any sort of auto-mounting or usb storage option to " charge only " which should make the phone behave .
you need to run an ssh server on your phone , such as sshdroid . you can launch adb shell from sshdroid , and then run am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n &lt;qualified-app-name&gt; . for example , &lt;qualified-app-name&gt; is something like com.android.settings/.Settings .
i have installed rockplayer from the android market on my nexus one , limited testing for avi , divx and mkv formats has been successful . have yet to check wmv 's .
the only one i am aware of is yxflash , and i was not too impressed by it - the video was quite choppy . i am looking forward to the upcoming android version of coreplayer , though , because i was able to play smooth divx videos with its predecessor tcpmp on my tungsten t5 with a fraction of the power my nexus one had . edit : i just saw that there is a new media player out for android called rockplayer that will play divx and wmv . i have not had a chance to test it though .
i have done it with both arcmedia and moboplayer to view these . wmvs play fine with this . an alternative is do send it to your gmail and watch it from the gmail app or to upload it to picasa and view it in the gallery or through the browser . in both cases the video is converted in transit to something the video player understands .
i believe you are talking about gmail app and your work account is also google account . if its so not only you can chose what imap folder to subscribe but also what notification you want on that folder . press menu -> more -> settings under account settings click your email address you will see a option " sync inboxes and labels " . from there you can chose quantity and folders .
there are some additional options available in k-9 mail , but it offers only the following choices : " all " , " only 1st class folders " , "1st and 2nd class folders " , " all except 2nd class folders " , " none " . not sure if this helps in your case , depends on your folder structure .
first install this awesome file manager program called es file explorer . link in there browse to /sdcard . now press menu and select settings . go to file settings and check show hidden files now you should see the folder hidden folder . xiaoniubook . long press it and choose delete from the menu . and just for your information , in linux any file/folder starting with . are considered as hidden file/folder .
have got a android sdk . if you have got it , then go to tools directory , and type : adb shell rm /sdcard/ . xiaoniubook
android does not directly expose usb device-mode to applications , but apps can transfer data indirectly via ip when using tethering . this sometimes requires an additional custom ' proxy-like ' software/driver on the host to unwrap the data . for example to interpret ipmidi as midi on linux , multimidicast/qmidinet is needed . host-mode however , has been exposed since 3.1 ( in android . hardware . usb ) . hopefully google will eventually support device-mode ( sigh ) . see these issues in project android ( and star them if they interest you ! ) : https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=10176 https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=30198
this is not possible on most devices , since they do not support usb host mode . some devices have usb otg support or a usb host port , but these are relatively rare devices so far . in theory you could write an application on win/linux to access the phone via usb but not the other way around .
android devices as usb hosts has been a point of interest for all the developers . until the android 's honeycomb os ( os 3.0 ) , there have been no signs of possibility . the latest honeycomb api ( os 3.1 ) , however , seems to provide possibilities to support android devices being used as usb hosts . an api has been included for the same . therefore , though as of now very few android devices support the usb host capability , it will be possible in all the upcoming devices .
check your cpu model . if you are running windows xp , it is likely that you have an older cpu that does not support some hardware virtualization features . for example , intel 's extended page tables ( ept ) are a feature that could account for the performance difference . anandtech has an excellent , techincal intro to the topic . basically , pre-ept page table lookups require a flush of the tlb , which is incredibly costly . later hardware accelerates this process .
first step : i would update the google sdk . the latest sdk introduced snapshots . this means you do not have to wait on the emulator to boot the next time you cold start it . instead it'll load right where you left it when you last closed the emulator . i am not sure why your home computer is performing less than your work computer if it has better hardware . my ( new ) desktop is running the newest i7 processor ( 8 cpus , however : the emulator only runs on one cpu . so your clockspeed is what matters here , not how many cores you have . does your home pc have a slower clockspeed than your work ? ) , 8 gb ram , and a ssd and the emulator runs much faster than my laptop ( last gen i7 with 4 cpus , 4gb ram , no ssd . but my desktop has nearly twice the clockspeed as my laptop ) . my guess would be the clockspeed .
there is a " message format " setting located at settings > [ account ] > sync settings > message format . the choices available are " html " and " plain text . " not sure whether that will necessarily solve your particular problem , but perhaps try giving that a shot .
from what i can make out from your scenario , it seems the culprit is the android 's dalvik cache . quote from a thread in xda forums:- when android starts up , the dalvikvm looks thru all of your applications ( . apk files ) and frameworks , and builds a tree of dependencies . it uses this dependency tree to optimize the bytecode for every application and stores it in the dalvik cache . the applications are then run using the optimized bytecode . this is why when you install a new rom , sometimes it takes a very long time to boot for the first time . any time an application ( or framework library ) changes , it is reoptimized and the cache is updated . and it seems that each time you reboot , the dalvik cache reoptimizes .
from my own experience i also noticed that , even without rebooting , the disk space would have been freed after waiting a little while . so my theory is that the android os distributes write operations to the internal memory in time to improve responsiveness of the device . but the thing i am still not sure is if the memory was needed right now to install a new application , would it be freed for that purpose or the " low memory " message would reappear until the deleted app gets its memory freed .
i do not really understand why anyone would prefer downloading an old version of unknown origin from a malware-ridden website to downloading the latest official version directly from google itself . i guess to each its own . here are the links to the google repository : the latest r19.0.1 version of the platform tools ( contains just adb and fastboot binaries - less than 1mb in size each ) : platform-tools_r19.0.1-windows . zip platform-tools_r19.0.1-linux . zip platform-tools_r19.0.1-macosx . zip the previous r18 version : platform-tools_r18.0.1-windows . zip platform-tools_r18.0.1-linux . zip platform-tools_r18.0.1-macosx . zip the r17 version : platform-tools_r17-windows . zip platform-tools_r17-linux . zip platform-tools_r17-macosx . zip for users of ubuntu and debian ( distributions i personally use ) i have put together a small bash script which finds and installs the latest version of the platform tools - installing android platform tools ( adb ) on ubuntu
in fact , it is not necessary to install the entire sdk if one does not want to use it for development . to be able to run basic adb commands in the context needed by an average user , a rudimentary installation is completely sufficient . i will try to explain how to do this , and hopefully cover the most used computer systems . requirements first , you will need the basic binaries . these can be found e.g. on the download page of qtadb . files have been removed there , but are available at : binaries for linux ( alternative source ) binaries for windows ( alternative source ) binaries for macos also see alex ' answer for more alternative sources . above " minimal downloads " are extracted from there , so from alex ' sources you get them first-hand and just have to extract the binaries yourselves . ( remark : qtadb is an excellent graphical tool to manage your android device , including a graphical file manager , app manager , and more . some things require your device to be rooted , though . ) windows users if your computer is running windows , you will also need the special drivers for your device ( no generic solution here , so you need to check this out yourself ; usually , those drivers are offered for download on the manufacturer 's website ) . linux and mac os users linux and mac os users might need to make their device known to their operating system . for linux , you find the necessary steps described in my answer here . not being familiar with mac os , i can not speak for it . installation linux for linux , this is quite easy : simply unpack the downloaded binaries into a directory of your choice . at the time i am writing this , this will only be two files : adb and aapt ( the latter being used by qtadb , and not necessarily needed to execute adb commands directly ) . adjust their file permissions to make them executable ( e . g . from the command line : chmod 0755 adb aapt ) . finally , it is a good idea to include the chosen directory with your $PATH variable , so you can call adb from wherever you are . a good place for that is at the end of your ~/.profile file to include an additional line like export PATH="~/bin:$PATH" ( if you extracted the binaries to ~/bin ) . windows the windows download holds a couple more files . also extract them into a directory of your choice . if you want them to be callable from wherever you are , without preceding the complete path , you need to add that path to your environment variables as well . not being a windows user , i must leave the " how to do this " to you . what else ? you should be done at this point , and can use the full powers of the adb command line . further readings everything about adb ( a reference for everyone at xda developers ) adb for dummies ( again available via xda developers . if you miss the guides as i did firstly : the first article is consisting of links only , colorful as they might look : ) ) android adb quick guide
to see alternate routes , you need to use navigation as opposed to maps . if you already have maps open , click the blue arrowhead in the upper right to switch to navigation , then click the context button on your phone , then select Route Info , then click the third button to the right along the bottom which will have both a dashed and solid line going to a map pin . alternate routes will appear , and you can select them along the top of the route info map .
i have observed that in navigation mode the routes displayed are from the current location and not between the two locations selected .
there is no particular phone that is ideal , given the app devs can choose to support whatever subset of devices they wish . the nexus devices are probably the most likely to be broadly compatible though . you can not brick with build . prop as far as i know , though you can certainly prevent your phone from booting if you change the wrong setting . make a backup of the file and do not edit anything under this line : # end build properties  just edit anything that has the device name , e.g. ' ro . product . device ' or similar . replace it with the corresponding entry from the build . prop for the device you are emulating ( extract it from the rom or see if it is been posted somewhere ) . updating any other text to be accurate ( like manufacturer ) is best too . note that changing the version of android in this file will not help , since it looks like the market polls the system directly . nothing you can do about that unfortunately . after editing , make sure /system is mounted read-only . then reboot and clear the data for the market . below is the relevant portion of my vibrant 's build . prop , with which i just got minecraft for 10 cents : ) # begin build properties # autogenerated by buildinfo . sh ro . build . id=froyo ro . build . display . id=bionix nextgen 1 by teamwhiskey ro . build . version . incremental=uvka6 ro . build . version . sdk=8 ro . build . version . codename=rel ro . build . version . release=2.2 ro . build . date=2011 . 01 . 18 . ( 화 ) 21:53:23 kst ro . build . date . utc=1295355203 ro . build . type=user ro . build . user=jaeyoon . yoon ro . build . host=sep-05 ro . build . tags=release-keys ro . product . model=sgh-t959 ro . product . brand=samsung ro . product . name=sgh-t959 ro . product . device=sgh-t959 ro . product . board=sgh-t959 ro . product . cpu . abi=armeabi-v7a ro . product . cpu . abi2=armeabi ro . product . manufacturer=samsung ro . product . locale . language=en ro . product . locale . region=us ro . wifi . channels= ro . board . platform=s5pc110 # ro . build . product is obsolete ; use ro . product . device ro . build . product=sgh-t959 # do not try to parse ro . build . description or . fingerprint ro . build . description=sgh-t959-user 2.2 froyo uvka6 release-keys ro . build . fingerprint=samsung/sgh-t959/sgh-t959/sgh-t959:2.2/froyo/uvka6:user/release-keys # samsung specific properties ro . build . pda=t959uvka6 ro . build . hidden_ver=t959uvka6 ro . build . changelist=860813 ro . tether . denied=false # end build properties
if you have your own music collection , you can get a google music account , download the app if it is not already on your phone , and listen to your own tunes all you like . if you are looking for an internet radio app , i would recommend slacker radio , they have a lot of channels with pretty decent selection . pandora is very good , but that only works if you live in the united states .
i heart radio and tunein radio are apps that let you stream fm radio stations . you select the sort of station you like and listen to the music they play . i personally use them for listening to talk radio , but same difference .
depending which country you are in last . fm and spotify are good options for free , streaming music .
i am having the same problem and i think i have got the solution . i am thinking of 2 ways : buy an hdmi to component or hdpvr converter and buy a capture card ( cheapest ) buy an hdmi capture cart ( very expensive ) . you have to make sure the hdmi capture card will be hdcp compatible because otherwise it will refuse to receive the encrypted video . of course , that is the same for the converter but that costs about 40 euro .
i do not think you are talking about this app but tasker can do that : play store similar apps here
bluestacks for mac is currently in " alpha " testing , and is probably your best option at this point , although i do not believe it provides any kind of simple per-app packaging .
the easiest way to install the missing apps would probably to go to the play store on a pc and queue them up for install on the device . you will still have to look on the device and see which ones you need to reinstall ; there is not a way to simplify that process . looking at them the way you are , for the ones that have the " default icon " and the sd card is probably the easiest way to identify them . the " non-friendly " name that you see can be used to search in the google play store and you will be able to find the app from that . or you can append it to the end of the " details " url like this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.biggu.shopsavvy  that will take you directly to the shop savvy app , then you can install it to the device .
yes , you should still be prompted for otas . however , they could remove root . source : my n5 prompted me
when it goes on to optimizing apps it will optimize all aps that you have on your phone , that includes system apps that you cannot see/remove ( technically you can ) . if you just check the installed apps on your phone it will just show you the apps that you have manually instaled and that is why the number is not the same .
please take a look at this question and my answer to have basic understanding on how the manufacturers use the terminologies . these differences are hardware based and nothing to do with android . hence , if you had properly chosen your hardware : yes , you can receive incoming calls in both sims without manual switching - even simultaneously ! yes , the other call will be treated as if you are receiving a call when you are on another on a single sim phone . depending on your settings and operator restrictions , you may have enabled call waiting and hence it will be displayed on your mobile screen . you can then hold one and switch to another . this was tried in samsung galaxy y duos phone . i am not sure about your other question about video call . update : in samsung galaxy y duos ( a dual sim phone ) though both sims were active to receive calls and access internet simultaneously , only one of them was allowed to use 3g network . if i opt for 3g network in sim1 and opt for 3g on sim2 , a message says i can not use 3g on both and changes sim1 's network to 2g and retains sim2 's network to 3g as per my input .
you can use the " allshare " apk , which enable you to use dlna phone device ( im considering that your sony bravia supports dlna ) .
i realized that i am going on and on in comments for no real reason but perhaps this is better suited for an answer . the only honeycomb build i am aware of for the tab is this one on xda ( there are two versions , gsm and cdma ) . it is , for all intents and purposes , a bleeding-edge attempt to get honeycomb running on the tab . the developer refers to it as an " alpha " and essentially says to expect things to be buggy . since there is no public source code for the 3 . x releases of android yet , the build is based on an extracted image/filesystem from the android sdk , meaning that it is not optimized for the tab and probably lacks 3rd party drivers ( excepting any official 2.2 drivers that happen to be compatible with 3 . x ) . the gsm thread lists the following as " not working " under the current build , meaning this is the minimum you should expect to lose : in general , builds like this show up on devices when a new major release appears in the sdk but they tend to be fairly unstable and also fairly slow . the videos i have seen of this rom appear a bit more performant ( in general ) than other sdk ports i have encountered , but your experience may vary . as for restoring , the " factory reset " option does not usually touch system files on most devices , from what i know . it is possible i am mistaken on this and that the tab does actually restore the firmware , but i am not incredibly familiar with the tab . you will probably want to do a little digging to see what a " factory reset " actually means ( might be in your manual , perhaps ) . that being said , there are instructions for getting a verizon tab back to stock here , and there might be similar ones floating around for other carriers . if you can get a custom recovery on to your device then you can simply back up your system before trying honeycomb and then restore from the backup . the easiest way to do it is probably just to install rom manager and flash clockworkmod recovery from there . there appear to be manual instructions about but they vary by carrier . personally speaking : i would not use an sdk port for anything other than showing off to people ( which can admittedly be a whole lot of fun ) . in a production environment i definitely would not risk it , and i honestly never kept them installed for more than about 30 or 45 minutes at a time to play with before restoring to a stable rom . they were fun sneak-peaks , but i have always found them highly unreliable ( though " your mileage may vary " is probably a good catch phrase here ) . edit : a word of caution to wifi tab users , this post on one of the honeycomb threads indicates that the current roms ( as of 6/19/2011 ) will not work on a wifi tab . i personally can not verify the validity of this statement , but this would not surprise me as other devices ( e . g . the xoom ) have similar incompatibility among roms .
install a file explorer , say estrongs file explorer , and you would be able to upload arbitrary file from the browser or attach files to gmail .
this is a sign that you overuse your battery , frequently leaving your apps on . . . . your battery is damaged and might need to be replaced . . . but till you can do that . . . you can always : 1 . avoid charging overnight 2 . use the correct charger 3 . if you are not using your data or wifi turn it off , to preserve battery life
there is a very simple solution to your this wish . just simply head over to your settings . after headed , go to developer options . if you do not have the developer options then simply go to about phone> build number and tap the build number several times until you see a message that now you are a developer or something like that . now go to developer options and enable it . now scroll down until you see window animation scale . tap it and choose the time you want . you can even disable it ( set it to off . do the same to transition animation scale and to animator duration scale . you can even set different scale to different animations . and voila there you go ! ! hope it helped ; ) :d
stock keyboard ( as well as most 3rd-party keyboard apps ) has both auto-correct and auto-completion ( a . k.a. " suggestions" ) built in . access the keyboard settings via settings -> language and input -> android keyboard . from there you can enable and fine-tune the auto correction and suggestion options .
i have been using locale to turn on wifi and to switch to 2g based on location and have seen battery life improve . this was on my rooted g1/cm5 and also on my g2/cm6 . on my g2 , keeping wifi on at home and turning to 2g when at work improves battery life a lot . i also turn off sync while at work .
i am the developer of locale . battery life is a key metric that we test extensively . the only feature in locale that has any real effect on the battery is the location condition . at the time of this writing , the location condition in locale 1.4.3 can accurately detect 100-meter location changes within 4 minutes on average , while using 3% or less of the battery . if you have configured locale to turn wi-fi or bluetooth on/off , then battery life may actually improve depending on the exact configuration .
if you trigger events by gps co-ordinates ( and possibly wifi ) , then they will drain your battery significantly , like any other gps app would do . if you trigger events by date/time , etc . then you will experience minimal battery reduction . often the benefits of these apps weigh beyond any downside , i.e. turning your brightness down or screen timeout down when your battery is getting low .
for locale , both gps and wifi triggers can drain the battery more quickly . locale 's built-in location condition can consider cell towers without gps if you set the diameter of the location condition to about 2km . there is also a locale condition plugin , " location ( energy-saving ) " , which uses cell towers to determine location . it takes advantage of the fact that the phone is already listening for towers . the biggest potential drawback for using the energy-saving location is when you are in an area dense with cell towers , like a major urban downtown with lots of tall buildings ( especially if you work higher up where lots of towers are visible to the phone ) .
i am a long-time user of locale and a fairly new user of tasker . i find both to be very helpful tools in managing my device automatically . i use locale for all gps-related tasks . vibrate when at work between work hours . silent when at home between sleeping hours . when i first installed tasker i ported over these profiles and found that my battery life was decreased dramatically no matter how i tweaked the polling settings . tasker is more of a action/response application in my setup . when placed in the car dock , tasker autokills the car home application , enables bluetooth , and launches google navigation . when headphones are plugged in launch the cubed music player . disable vibration on all notifications when the computer usb cable is plugged in . i do not mind running both or having paid for both but i was disappointed in that i could not accomplish everything in tasker . the dual setup gives me at least 30% more battery life than running tasker alone . if you do choose tasker , be sure to experiment with the polling frequency of gps and network-based location . that also helps vary the battery usage dramatically .
do not forget that when using sensor based profiles . . combine them with non-sensor based . . like dont use a profile that will only check light level and adjust the display . . combine it with ' display on ' and a cooldown of some minutes . . and dont let it change level if it already has that level . . the battery use is in the hands of the user . check every profile you create if it uses any additional battery and if so . . tweak it . always have your location checked on cell instead of gps and if more accuracy is needed , still have your gps triggered by cell near . . so you get near an area , that will turn on the gps . . trigger your app . . . and have it switch off gps as soon as app is killed . . . when configuring cell near , let it ' roam ' for at least a minute , so you get all the cells needed . this kind of making tasks will make tasker a true battery saver .
as locale , tasker tries to minimize battery drain . of course , if using gps location , it needs to check gps -- which itself consumes a lot of battery when permanently updating the current position . but there is an easy solution to this issue . combining location conditions is where saving can kick-in : if you only need a raw position , stay with the cell near condition . as cells are either known to the system for telephony issues , this needs no " extra power " . if cell near is not exact enough , going with network based location is a little more accurate -- though this requires a little more battery power as well . if you need an as-accurate-as-possible location , combine conditions . e.g. put a cell near condition for the raw location , and add a gps position for more accuracy . tasker then would use gps only when the cell near condition matches . this way you have the best of two worlds : energy saving while not close to the configured locations , and accuracy for triggering the desired action .
not that i am aware of , however you could try double twist for similar functionality .
the easiest way to do this is use google music , and specifically the google music manager . go to music . google . com and download the music manager . it will run in the background on your computer and upload everything in itunes , including new downloads/purchases , to google music . finally just download the google music app to your android and you are all set . a few caveats : this seems to be a one-way sync . so deleting a file from itunes will not delete from google music , or vice versa the google music app on android is a little different from itunes/iphone model . the music is not automatically downloaded to the phone unless you explicitly set it up that way . by default you have to stream the music , which requires an internet connection . apple drmed content cannot be uploaded to google music and therefore will not be transfered using this method .
there is also missing sync for android to sync your itunes playlists ( and associated files ) to your phone . it works pretty well .
yes , you can actually use doubletwist in combination with tunesync ( or tunesync alone ) to sync with itunes although you are limited to songs that are not drm'd by apple . you can also do it without any app on your phone with notpod ( windows only ) . the only drawbacks that i am aware with either of these are not being able to use drm and people have reported some unreliability . the problem in general with syncing android with itunes is that it may work today but if apple changes something in an update you may get locked out until someone comes up with another work around . if you are all android now , i would recommend on cutting itunes out of the picture all together . edit : here 's a couple other options i have come across that are pretty awesome : dazzboard isyncr wifi add-on . you need an app and a desktop client . the app costs a little but the desktop software is free . this one seems like the coolest option so far . edit 2: i happened upon another app . . . music withme : syncs your phone itunes over wifi or 3g . it does not stream the music , it download it to your phone . also , i do not think it can handle drm'd tracks . it is little pricey at $15 , especially with the currently less than stellar reviews , but it may be one to watch .
by testing with another device ( xperia z running android 4.2.2 ) i have discovered that the bluetooth pairing prompt is actually a jelly bean 's feature which is not available in ice cream sandwich or earlier version of android
when you setup a mail for exchange , the default synchronization mode is direct push . with direct push , the device maintains an open connection so that information is delivered to the device as it becomes available . the setting for direct push in mail for exchange is called “always on . ” the alternative is a scheduled push mode where the device is set to check for new messages at a set interval . though direct push offers more up-to-the-minute message delivery , for some users , increased battery consumption may be a trade-off . if your battery is not lasting as long as you would like , set a scheduled push interval by changing the peak sync schedule and off-peak sync schedule in mail for exchange . so you can setup high-frequent mail checks with peak schedules for the time periods when you get more emails and off peak schedules when you normally do not receive more emails , ( e . g . after office hours . ) should you require how-to on setting up the schedules , refer this article .
i am gonna answer my own question here . apparently , something i did enabled the built in wifi tethering . . . before , it would fail when it attempted to validate it with t-mobile , but now it goes through that part just fine . . when it makes the hotspots , it is named foxfisomething-or-another so foxtrot might have something to do with it , but i think it was one of the flashable zips . . when i figure it out for certain , i will update this answer .
um , how about photoshop touch ? might be a tad expensive for your needs , but it is essentially a toned-down , mobile edition of the adobe product . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=air.com.adobe.pstouch of course , if you really want it but can not fork out the dough , there is always downloading the apk ( but you did not hear it from me , developers do not worry i support you guys :p ) . if you are looking to create icons to use as replacements right on your device , and are inclined to a minimalistic style , then simple text is a good way to go . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.redphx.simpletext
i have found the solution right now ! my problem was , that i have a ft3 tablet , which 's wi-fi hates the 6th channel . it works on each other , except the 6th . i have also an alcatel ( telenor ) ot-990 phone , with android 2.2 os , which broadcasts it is network on 6th ch . when i use it as a portable wi-fi hotspot . but , finally i found an aplication called : barnacle wifi tether . if you want to change the channel : download the aplication : play store or here run the application go to : settings and you can change the channel number if you touch the start button , the app asks for root su permissions . if you are not a root su , do not worry , the phone keeps the changed channel number . . .
i am reasonably sure that you cannot change the wifi hotspot channel without firmware modification in standard android gingerbread . i have an nexus one ( android version 2.3.6 ) and i have not found any advanced menu accessible from the menu button and i have tried hitting the menu button to no avail in every wifi tethering page . i have only been able to change ssid , key and security mode .
if you are referring to the one built into froyo ( and i assume gingerbread ) , when you are creating your hostspot hit the menu button and you will see advanced options . in there you can select the channel .
try going to Settings > Applications Manager > All > Google Play Store and then click Uninstall updates . it could be that the play store data has been corrupted . this will downgrade play store and might make it possible for you to launch play store which will then update itself in the background , but hopefully correctly this time .
f-droid is a good alternative to google play . if you are a developer , or just want to see the source , all its applications have open source repositories . if the applications you need are included in it , it will alert you when there are updates in its repository .
unfortunately there is no way to make text left-aligned with ankidroid . see the issue in our bug tracker , feel free to " star " it to receive notifications about its progress .
i have some files that i think are dictionaries in /system/usr/xt9 . they have language codes in their file names and are copyright by tegic , according to the header . these files are in the ldb format which appears to be a database format . i was not able to find any utility that can view or edit them .
most android versions allow you to add words to the native dictionary . most are found at : Settings -&gt; Language &amp; Keyboard -&gt; User Dictionary android 2.3.7 ( cyanogenmod 7.1 ) : Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Language and keyboard settings -&gt; User Dictionary press Menu then Add android 4.0 ( ics ) : Settings -&gt; Language &amp; Keyboard -&gt; Touch Input (settings button) -&gt; Personal Dictionary -&gt; Edit personal dictionary you could then add the words without the accent marks and special characters , and it would stop auto-correcting them . if you do still wish to locate the language packs and are using cyanogenmod , this site indicates that the languages are stored in .apk files in the /system/app/ directory , for example LatinIME.apk would be the latin dictionary . additionally the source for this dictionary would be in ./packages/inputmethods/LatinIME as described on the site provided . ( it also goes over adding your own dictionaries , which means you could edit the one you use , and re-install it ) .
edit : it is not the answer you want , but provides useful info nonetheless , here 's the userdict file : /data/data/com . android . providers . userdictionary/databases/user_dict . db you need root to access it and sqlite3 to view the data inside ( here 's mine ) : localhost # cd /data/data/com . android . providers . userdictionary/databases/ localhost # sqlite3 user_dict . db . dump pragma foreign_keys=off ; begin transaction ; create table android_metadata ( locale text ) ; insert into " android_metadata " values ( 'de_de' ) ; create table words ( _id integer primary key , word text , frequency integer , locale text , appid integer ) ; insert into " words " values ( 2 , ' ok ' , 128 , ' de ' , 0 ) ; insert into " words " values ( 3 , ' lg ' , 128 , ' de ' , 0 ) ; insert into " words " values ( 4 , ' no ' , 128 , ' de ' , 0 ) ; commit ;
switch off your mobile remove your mobile battery and sim card press your power button for 10 seconds replace your battery and sim card switch on your mobile issue cleared it worked for me : )
this is a problem with your phone , that it only shows the sms on your phone , not on the sim . if you go into your sms application , and check in settings , you should have an option which says something like : Manage SIM SMS . from there , you should be able to delete the sms in your sim . other option is to insert your sim in another phone ( probably an old phone will have access to your sims sms ) and try it from there . yet another optio is to try some sms management application like handcent or gosms which may enable your to erase sms from the sim , though i have not tried these applications , as it is been a long time since i lat used sms
see if this helps . i am not sure though : settings > > sound > > volumes if this does not help try this bluetooth volume app . this should do it . and you are on android 4.2 ? ! what ? ? ! afaik as of now 4.1 jelly bean is the latest . . . and 4.2 was supposed to launch in tomorrow 's google event . ( the event is apparently cancelled ) how come you are already on 4.2 ?
you could always edit your . hosts file and define the domain the info is being sent to as 127.0.0.1 . you could also use an app like titanium backup to " freeze " the app . or chmod it as non-executable yourself .
i had a similar issue , but it was with visual voicemail notifications . easy fix for this instead of calling t-mobile is to : login to your T-mobile account &gt; plans &gt; services unselect the free visual voice mail service go into your phone and go into apps &gt; running apps and disable all the t-mobile services ( apps labeled in pink ) since then , i do not see notifications for visual voicemail .
i think aside from calling your carrier , there are only so many [ few ] things you can do . i have been reading , and it seems like you can change your voicemail number in settings so call forwarding would be an option . http://forums.androidcentral.com/samsung-galaxy-s4/276901-there-way-turn-off-voicemail-notifications.html and a very helpful youtube video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_exn-8wxtk8 from the video : force stopping the phone application will clear all notifications from the phone application , including the voicemail notification .
i am in the same boat as you . since i found no way to actually disable voicemail notifications on my nexus 5 , i instead configured the longest possible voicemail greeting the t-mobile system would allow , which consists of complete silence for 3 minutes . i have not gotten a single voicemail notification since .
you can install and configure t-mobile 's own visual voicemail app . you will get notified about your voicemails through it instead of the system 's phone/dialer app , with the ability to dismiss that notification . as a bonus , you can also listen to and delete your voicemails without having to dial in and waste prepaid minutes . be aware that this app needs to be able to send and receive one sms message in order to enable its functionality . if you are using voice+ feature of cyanogenmod custom rom , you will need to temporarily disable it .
you can try move the file from card reader , bluetooth , or download from email . i use ast android sms transfer , this software have the same functions , and i feel it is easy to use . ast android sms transfer website : http://www.android-sms-transfer.com
i have not tested it out , but try the wifi file explorer by dooblou . here 's the link : http://www.pcworld.com/appguide/app.html?id=648691expand=false sounds like it should do the job you are looking for .
you can use a third-party launcher app like nova launcher . nova will let you scroll vertically or horizontally via Nova Settings &gt; Drawer &gt; Drawer Style .
i do not think this is possible . i had a look around in the settings , but also could not find something to change this scrolling . but there is not a single sense version that i can remember where it was possible to change this setting . so seems very unlikely that they will have changed this .
i had the same reaction about missing the horizontal scrolling . i could not figure out nova launcher the first time around , so i uninstalled it ( but might try it again later - looks cool ) . however , i also found this in a review , which may help you : the app menu in htc sense 5.0 has a clean and streamlined feel to it , and scrolls up and down rather than left to right like the s4 . however , if you happen to scroll horizontally out of habit , the app drawer will automatically move to the next screen . i tried it , and it worked for me . not as smooth as being able to page horizontally by default , but for me it is good enough .
have you checked the settings for the launcher ? many launchers have this option in their settings menu . go to your home screen , press menu and choose settings . look there for a vibrate or haptic feedback option .
if you move and the signal gets stronger , that does not mean you moved closer to the wi-fi hotspot . because of shadowing and reflections , the signal strength varies unpredictably from place to place . the signal your phone receives is almost never a direct , line-of-sight signal , unless both you and the hotspot are in a huge , empty field . you had have to measure almost every point in the room to find the very best signal : any kind of " warmer , colder " method is not going to work at all . your best bet is just to tune it like a tv : try all the places you can put the phone down , and just see which one gives you the best signal . you do not need to go by the indicator on the notification bar , though : there are many apps that will tell you the received signal strength of all the wi-fi networks in the area . wi-fi analyzer is one ad-supported example , and there are lots more .
your phone only gets authenticated and can see signal strength but do not recieve data . that is a common problem even in newer phones . because every phone is other , there are more possible solutions : solution 1: on your phone under settings> > wifi > > hold the name of your network > > now click on forgot network . now reboot the phone and modem/router and try to connect the wi-fi again . solution 2: pull out the phone battery while it is working and re-install after 30 second . phone will reboot again now try to connect to network and check internet connectivity . solution 3: you can browse to settings> > wifi > > then press left menu key and click on advanced . now check that wi-fi timer is not off . if wi-fi timer is on then turn it off . now disable wi-fi and again enable it . now check the connectivity on android . solution 4 ( important ) : update your phone , modem and wi-fi router time and date to match the internet provider time and date . this is very important because 2 out of 10 cases are because of this issue . solution-5 check the internet connectivity after disabling the antivirus and mobile data .
you can try handbrake - a multiplatform open-source video transcoder . it has quite user-friendly graphical interface , and supports different device profiles ( you can roll your own as well ) . as to what settings to use on your xoom : here someone managed to find the correct settings to make their xoom play the transcoded video . some extra googling would probably give you additional information how to set the device profile in handbrake -- seems a lot of people are trying to transcode video on this tablet .
unfortunately since you got it with mk2 you can not just install cwm or twrp . you can make a stock nandroid recovery backup . if you want to be able to flash roms in the future though , your going to need to look into the thread on xda for your phone named safestrap . i know they were working on getting it working on 4.3 but i am not certain . it was originally made for anyone who took the mf3 firmware ota update which locked down the firmware and patched the loki exploit . i am still using the old mdl bootloader so i have not checked the status of safestrap recently .
i do not know if you can get an odin-flashable one , but you can do it with clockworkmod recovery and then restore it with it . you will have to install cwm recovery first if you do not have it already and then just make a backup which can be downloaded on the pc .
tasker should do the first things you asked about , but i doubt you will find anything that can recognize " tap the screen 3 times while phone 's screen is locked " or " shake the phone 3 times while it is locked " , short of writing a custom app . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.dinglisch.android.taskermhl=en tasker is a great app in general that you really should check out since it sounds like you want to do a lot of automation type stuff .
no , unfortunately you can not have your cake and eat it too . at least not by just using the native dialer . android will only choose a ringtone based on caller id . there is the option of setting up sip droid or grooveip for the sole purpose of ringing for an incoming call . you could continue to forward gv to your cell as well as the second number picked up by those apps , and you would simply know they are calling your gv number because that app is ringing . a bit hacky , as you have two apps ringing ( native dialer and the second app you chose ) , but it is an option . i think they can be set up to reject a call after a few seconds , so you would note that they rang for a couple seconds , then pick up the native dialer knowing it is coming via gv . if you have a good enough connection , you could disable forwarding gv to your cell and instead only forward to your chat client ( which is used by grooveip or sip droid ) . then you would set that program to make a different ringtone , and you would have the person 's correct caller id . but it means your call goes over data , which can be less reliable .
this appears to be a bug in the gmail app . i have seen this myself a few times and normally clicking the '&lt ; ' arrow in the top left and opening the email again sorts it . other times i have to kill the app and re-launch it .
as you noted , you can upgrade the device software . you can also back your contacts , text messages up , and you can sync photos or videos/movies both ways . you can view movies from your phone on your pc directly , that goes both ways ; watch from cell on pc and from pc on cell . i believe you also can download apps from kites onto your cell but that does not work anymore because of google 's market policies . apparently , you also can make your cell work as a modem , but i did not try that so . . . anyways , as edelcom and mru said before me it still needs some work to live up to what it should do and to keep up with handset itself . lastly , in samsung defense , kies is not just for androids , it is their software for the whole cellphones lines , and many users are happy with it , obviously not us , android handsets ' owners .
i think you are correct . at least i do not use kies for anything apart from upgrading the firmware . lately it is better , but i think that the kies software is far from the quality of the galaxy phone and it is operating system .
basically you are right . you may use it for synchronizing your data between the mobile and the computer , but nobody really wants to do so with such crappy kind of software .
i had to install kies because i needed the samsung-win7-usb-dirvers , that are neccessary to connect laptop to internet via cellphone via usb . found no other source where i can get the drivers .
on an unrooted phone , apps run as distinct users , and do not have access to any files created by other users or system files , i.e. they are ' sandboxed ' . since they can not make any such changes , i would say the only thing they can leave behind is a little detritus on your sd card . on a rooted phone , an app which has been granted root access can do pretty much anything that is possible in the hardware . apps that have root permissions can write on non-read-only storage media ( including modifying the bootloader ) , modify other programs ' private data , modify system settings , modify system files , etc . a rooted app can also hide itself from the system , and pretend to be uninstalled while being perfectly well and alive . basically , rooted apps can do anything that the hardware allows updated to include lie ryan 's info on rooted apps .
there is apparently a trojan on the loose on some chinese android phones . avg has a version for your android phone .
an antivirus solution would really be waste of processing resources and battery life . each application is running in a locked environment and it cannot really infiltrate or break anything on other applications nor on the os . the only thing i would be looking into are malicious applications that are sending your private info to a remote server . in order to do this , a user would need to accept the list of permissions to access their private content . follow these simple two rules to protect yourself about such malicious applications : - never install applications that just came out on the market . - read the comments , usually a malicious application should be rapidly identified and the users will report it in the comments .
an antivirus app will have a major effect on your battery life . a friend with an htc desire could not understand why he could never get more than 4 or 5 hours out of his battery , even turning most things off , until he remembered installing one of the av apps to try it out . removing that brought his battery life back up to what it should be . when the first android troojan virus hit back in august last year , similarly to the recent geinimi trojan , in both cases the affected user had to willingly install an app that was from a third-party source , and go through the permissions screen where the app specifically asks for permissions that it should not really need . an attentive and careful user can protect themselves from these kind of threats just by taking care to only install apps from trusted sources , and to read which permissions an app asks for as it installs , and stop to think whether it really needs to do things like read your contacts and send smss . the real problem will come when a virus learns to either break out of its app 's sandbox and into another , or learns how to give itself root access , or take advantage of the root access that someone else has installed . this is what the iphone worm of about a year ago did , when it took advantage of the fact that the most popular iphone jailbreak app left all jailbroken phones with the same root password by default , and most users never bothered changing the password . no android virus has yet been shown to be able to do that .
kaprica security have twisted this on the head . simply connect your android device to the skorpion charger and it will be scanned for malware , viruses , and malicious rootkits while it charges . a review entitled a smartphone charger that sniffs for malware was written on 4th october 2013 by r . metz for the mit review .
live wallpapers are not available for the wildfire .
live walls are available for wildfire if you install custom rom . for example i use wildpuzzlerom . but there are lags while you use some walls . processro is too slow . you can install custom kernel and increase frequency up to 768mhz .
you can run cyanogenmod 6.0 , which is android 2.2 aka froyo . a few tipps of mine : if you do not want it to be terrible slow , disable dithering and all effects in the settings . maybe enable the just in time compiler ( jit ) . with the app titanium backup you will be able to remove some " garbage " apps which come with the cm release which is also helpfull .
no . you must root your phone and install a mod such as cyanogenmod to get your phone running a semi-equivalent of android 2.1+ . there is no stock rom for android 2.1+ for the g1 . additionally , if you do go with cyanogenmod , not all features are fully supported due to hardware limitations , such as livewallpapers .
red when plugged in - charging green when plugged in - charging complete . red when not plugged in - low battery warning blue - audio is recording or you have a notification waiting .
Settings -&gt; Language and Input -&gt; Text-to-speech output -&gt; settings Gear for Google TTS -&gt; Install Voice Data . then , click on us or uk for english voices , and download the male voice !
if you go to settings in google now and select voice> english uk , you get the male voice .
i have jelly bean 4.1.1 , and i was able to change the text-to-speech output setting to english ( united kingdom ) , which is a male voice . the setting is at Settings | Language &amp; input | Text-to-speech output | Preferred Engine | (settings icon) | Language . however , google now is still giving me output in the english ( united states ) ( female ) voice . changing the Voice | Language setting in google now to any flavor of english also had no effect . i am afraid that for the moment google now is only giving one option for english text-to-speech . ( i am in the u.s. , so i can not fully test it , but what i have seen jives with what you posted . )
the default pico tts engine on android is only a female voice . your phone probably came with a second voice engine that has a male voice , and it sounds like the voice engine somehow got switched from that to pico . to change it back ( on 2.3 aka gingerbread ) , open Settings -> Voice input &amp; output -> Text-to-speech settings , and click on Default Engine . change the default engine back to the other option . you can then Listen to an example to make sure it is set correctly . ics and jellybean should have similar options to change the voice engine .
not sure if this question can be answered any more , because i have had the english uk male voice back for a while now . turns out it was google changing things - not me . just one day it reverted back to the male voice . thanks to the guys who answered though ! : )
you could use some automation app to do this , having two steps in its task : switch to airplane mode , and then enable wifi . tasker is one app that can handle this , but i am pretty sure some of the free profile-switchers are also capable of this . with tasker you could place this with a profile executing as soon as tasker is started -- other apps might provide " default/base profiles " for this ( like locale does ) , or you might have to add it to each profile you create to make sure it always works . depending on your device , you could also use dazzle configurable switcher ( which comes free ) . as the name suggests , it offers a bar with " toggle switches " which you can configure freely . one of the toggles is for the ( cell ) radio . but not all devices support this : it worked fine on my htc wildfire , but my motorola milestone 2 will not let me switch that separately . here the state should be remembered even after reboot -- but again that might depend on the device .
searching ' the google ' , i found this simple and free app called cell radio shutoff . seems to work fine . here is what the dev wrote in google play ( as of 2013-10-07 ) : description there are 4 radios in a typical device : cell , bluetooth , wifi , nfc . this app allows you to just shut off the cell radio while leaving everything else on . airplane mode shuts off all radios and there is no built in method to disable just the cell radio . why to disable it ? 1 . when your cell radio can not access a tower it will drain your battery 2 . your location is tracked by carriers using your cell radio ( this is necessary so people can call you . . it is not that they are evil ) this app has been tested and works on the htc dream . send an email if it does not work on your phone . this does not work on the nexus 4 or the galaxy nexus . i will fix it in the future .
i installed cell radio shutoff for the convenience . my cell allows me to shut off cell tower radios via settings/sim management . this app allows me to ' toggle ' on/off . . . which is faster than going through settings and changing the setting from on/off .
looks like someone already figured this out and made a script using script manager that runs the script on boot . it turns the radio ( cell ) off , just the same as activating airplane mode , except that it leaves all other wireless settings alone ( that is , bluetooth , wifi , etc ) . or you can install a flashable zip described in this forum that you load in recovery mode . removes unnecessary apps ( messaging . apk , phone . apk , telephonyprovider . apk , mms . apk , telocationprovider . apk ) completely turns off cell radio on bootup installs the radiooptions binary in case your rom does not include it prevents emergency calls and 911 calls ( good for giving your kids your old phone to play with )
install android without updating grub , then boot into your linux system and put entries in /etc/grub.d/40_custom as follows menuentry "android"{ set root = hdx,y here in **hdx , y ( as per your android system ) install location and android-version as you are using , then make that file exexcutable . chmod +x 40_custom then do grub2-mkconfig -o /boot/grub/grub.cfg reboot , and while rebooting press shift to see menu entry " andriod " .
there is a mount command builtin : mount [-r] [-w] [-o options] [-t type] device directory  as i have yet looked into /mnt , i can see only entries owned by root , system or sdcard_rw . i guess you need privileged rights to perform mounting ! if you have them you could just try mounting if you know the device name . as you questioned partition tools ( in order to get the device name ) i can not help you here , but you could just execute mount ( with no arguments ) and maybe your hard disk already shows up and/or you could conclude the partition you want to mount .
the android 's linux kernel would not have the sata/ide hard drives drivers installed into the kernel , all it can see is flash cards mmc , understands ext3fs and ext4fs , vfat filesystems so the answer to the question is no you cannot see other partitions outside of the domain of android itself ! what you can do though is this , build a new linux kernel with the appropriate drivers installed in place , then the mounts would work : )
fdisk &lt;device&gt; will show you all the partitions available on a certain drive . if you have installed android on the same drive as your linux mint , you already know that the drive works with android , so just try something like fdisk /dev/block/sda in your case ( no partition number , just the device sda ) . from there you should be able to figure out what partition ( sda# ) contains linux mint and mount it from there with mount . as always , use man or google for explanations and examples for all the commands : )
networking according to the device specifications for the asus eee pad transformer prime : connectivity 802.11 b / g / n , bluetooth 2.1 + edr by a scan performed using inssider 2.1 i am from portugal - coimbra , and my 802.11 b/g/n is set to channel 6 to 10 . other networks around my location are spread from 1 to 14 . according to the 802.11 b/g/n specifications , channels go from 1 to 14 . portugal has them all . see this wikipedia - list of wlan channels ( scroll a bit down to see the comparison table ) . all flags are green to use that device in portugal . power as you have mentioned at the comments , us uses 110v , europe uses 220v . this is easily overcome by the usage of a transformer : amazom :: goldsource® stu-100 step up/down voltage transformer converter - ac 110/220 v - 100 watt the wall plug can be used in the us or europe . the output is either 110v or 220v , depending of what you need .
the tablets in asus transformer line ( including tf 101 , prime tf 201 , and pad 300 ) do not have a cellular modem , so they will only work on wifi . wifi is a universal standard and will work just fine in any country , provided that your router supports the 802.11 b/g/n specification .
if you are sure they are right , the app is buggy and we can not help you , facebook has changed their protocol/accessibility ( and the app is out of date/will not work anymore ) and we can not help you , or possibly you are not connected to the internet and you should connect , or the port the app uses is blocked and we can not help you .
you can attach files with the gmail app . just click attach image , select astro to browse and select the pdf you wish to attach
install the htc drivers for your phone . you can usually find them on your phone providers website , for example galaxy s3 from verizon can be found here
es file explorer has this feature . on the side navigation bar you have the options that includes favorites , local , library , and networks . expand the network tab and click lan . you will see your lan resources the same way you see them in windows . click on the computer/share you want to browse . you will have the option to see the items as icons or detailed listings . browsing android files from the windows pc to browse the items on the android from the pc , run an ftp server app on the android ( there are many such as : ftp server ultimate ) . on windows explorer you can type the full ftp link server name in the explorer address bar to browse the files and folders just like the other local files and folders on windows . you can also type the command " explorer [ ftp link ] " in windows 7 search field to bring up the folders . ftp link example : explorer ftp://192.168.1.4:2121  the numbers after the colon is the port . 2121 is the default port used by most of the android ftp server apps .
no . built-in drivers are not modules , they are built-in ( hence the name ) . if it is not showing in lsmod , you can not get rid of it short of building a new kernel .
it is viable , as there are custom roms i have seen that contains the original kernel but different system files . there is a catch though : if for example your device ships with cyanogenmod and you want to put pa on it , you will have to get your hands dirty with the ramdisk as each rom needs slightly different init* files to boot . as for installing the rom , you will need to put it in a zip file and include a META-INF folder which will contain the files responsible for the correct rom flash , e.g. updater-script . the full procedure is too long to mention here , so i would say you should head over to xda to get the info you need .
ensure your phone is connected to the same wifi network as your computer , and remember to use the internal ip . to do this through 3g you would need to forward ports and use your external ip .
since you have evervolv 's rom i assume you have a custom recovery . backup all the files on your sd card . boot to recovery and partition your sd card . i would suggest at 1gb for sd ext .
this will only allow you to install apps automatically onto the sd card if : they have set the app to install onto the sd card ' auto ' they allow you to install onto the sd card most likely , the app ( s ) you are trying to download does not have an auto setting for sd card install , and it cannot be installed onto the sd card .
try the sim info app ; it gives you information about your sim , including your number .
how about taking the sim out and see the number printed on its back side ( the other side of the contact surface ) or next to it ? just thought to say this just in case if you are not aware of !
the best way actually is to dial *#06# on your android phone and it will pop up .
try the sim card details app , this is the best . easy to copy the numbers you get .
or you can dial *1# from your mobile number
i think the best solution is sim card manager .
well , you can try to return your google play version to its " factory " version by going to Settings -&gt; Manage apps -&gt; Google play(store) and then uninstall updates . usually the factory version of play store does not have the update service .
i am no expert here , but i too had the same problem with my samsung galaxy pro , it has little internal memory , and the google settings app keeps coming back . at first it was just 3 mb and now it is more than 17 mb . it says that it is used to update google apps and apps from google play . this component gives you access to google settings and helps apps speed up offline searches , provide more immersive maps , and improve performance . apps may not work if you uninstall google play services . you probably need this component . frankly , i uninstalled it everytime my phone memory is low , and now its gone , and i have not seen any side effects , maybe because i do not use any app that needs it , i do not know , and i use google maps , gmail , and app store .
it is a system service , not a standalone application . it is " google play services " . can not uninstall system services without root privileges . if you do so with root privileges it may cause problems with google play . settings > apps > all > click on google play services and uninstall updates will work , but it will uninstall only updates . it will update automatically again by google .
your device name is also made public . but , it can be faked easily . as play store does not display who has starred , you had be anonymous if you give star rating only . but , nothing can be said for future . i believe , google stores this data and it can be made public based on tos and pp we accepted in the beginning . no . currently , there is no way to leave review comments anonymously .
a star rating without a review/comment is anonymous . i do not think reviews/comments can be anonymous .
htc incredible 2 ( android 2.3.3 ) : settings -> connect to pc -> default connection type . where you can choose from charge only htc sync disk drive mobile broadband connect media sync internet pass-through settings -> connect to pc also has an option ask me ask me about usb connection type whenever i connect my phone to a pc when connected to a pc there is also a message in the notification area , that provides quick access to the Connection type settings .
check Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; USB Settings or Settings -&gt; About Phone -&gt; USB Settings , rather than the network settings . i would also try a different usb cable , just to make sure , as well as a different usb port and a different computer if you can . you can try wiggling the connector in the device as well and see if it makes proper contact intermittently . as al notes here this sort of problem seems to come up pretty often with sasmsung phones , so you might just be out of luck . if all else fails , though , i would try a factory reset .
you should check your usb connection mode . this can be found in Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; USB Settings . this should be set to Mass storage to access the memory card . alternatively , you can use the debugging mode by selecting Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development -&gt; USB debugging . after this plug your phone in to the usb , open the notification bar and tap the usb debugging notification to get to mount your drives .
i got back ios-like headset control on the google nexus 4 ( n4 ) such as solving the voice command problem from a locked phone with the headset button using " headset button controller " from the play store . i solved this one eventually , but there are many pitfalls . so , this is how i got it to work : first , you can not seem to use the long button press for anything ; so , do not use it . second , set one of the other button press combos ( i used triple press ) to " voice search " and say yes to wake up dialogue box . then , go the advanced settings and select " run in foreground " and " prevent sleep mode " . this actually get you to google voice search from locked , screen off phone and allows voice commmands . the other voice control actions do not seem to work .
as with your other question , i think you will have to use an app other than google 's voice actions to get this functionality ( at least at the current time ) . this is another feature that dragon supports , though . if you enable the " background wake-up " setting then you can use the phrase " hi dragon " to launch the app from anywhere , including when the screen is locked . for that matter , you can say " hi dragon " while the screen is off and it will wake up the device and launch dragon for you without requiring any manual input at all .
i wanted to do the same thing but the long press feature seems to be locked down by google . my work around was to install headset button controller and bind three button presses in a row to voice search which works great . there is a trial version but i was happy to pay a few euro for the feature . incidentally , the app also fixed the headset button not responding sometimes when the screen was locked by enabling prevent sleep mode while the headset is plugged in . its in the advanced settings area . i am using a galaxy nexus on 4.2.2
you can use widgetlocker as @onik said , but if you search for " lock screen " at the android market you will have a lot of alternatives , like for example wp7lock
try widgetlocker , it is very customizable and my favorite .
you can have app-specific notification settings . have you gone into the settings of the offending apps to see whether they are set to vibrate on notifications ?
install an app called audiomanager . it has separate vibrate checkboxes for alerts and ringer . setting the checkbox for alerts fixed the issue for me .
i found this application in play store but i am not sure if it works or not . just give it a try its safe to use . here - defaultapp reset
try resetting the default wall paper setting by following these steps ( described for samsung 's 4.0 ; see also this question ) : Menu | Settings | Applications | All | TwWallpaperChooser | Clear defaults if you also want to reset the settings of your wallpaper application follow these steps : Menu | Settings | Applications | (said application) | Clear data
go to settings--> apps--> gallery ( or any other wallpaper browser app that you have used to set the wallpaper ) --> Clear Data and Clear Cache .
rationale the traditional concept of mapping names to numbers which many people know from cell phones does not really apply to smartphones . here the idea is that there is one central instance , the contacts app , that holds information about your contacts and how you can reach them , which could include a phone number but not mandatorily . often there is also e-mail , third party messaging ( whats app ) , third party voip ( skype ) social ( micro ) blogs ( twitter , google+ ) or various social networks . ( facebook , lastfm , . . . ) . use www.google.com/contacts i recommend to move all information about contacts that is stored on your sim card to the google contacts . furthermore gmail will only show contacts that have a e-mail address . so there is no need to have something like phone-only contacts . the cloud idea is to have every piece of data ( or information if you want ) everywhere available . why do you want to have some contacts just on one device ? i know it is hard for some people that their contact app suddenly shows hundreds of contacts from different sources , but google/android provides techniques to deal with that too : use contacts groups . most google software is able to show only certain contact groups ( but will run contact searches for the whole contact set ) .
in the cyanogenmod zip 's updater script , remove the entire assert() line . that will remove the device identity verification and will let the recovery commence flashing immediately .
you are using ssh -T which prevents tty ( 4 ) allocation . without a controlling tty , many things do not work – without any tty at all , a lot more things do not work . do note that your original problem is not due to the lack of a controlling tty , but due to the lack of a pty/tty pair allocation . what you are having here is basically input line “editing” – in your case , not-editing – on the ssh client side , which is then transferred over ssh to the android device . try with ssh -t ( lower-case t , note the difference ) . i can locally reproduce your problem by running ssh -T localhost mksh -i , which also leads to a shell without any input line editing , so pty/tty allocation is the way to solve , here . i assume , from the edits on the question , that /dev/ptmx exists and /dev/pts is mounted already , and that this is an selinux problem . setting $TERM will solve nothing here : it is merely there to tell programs that use termcap or curses ( mksh uses neither ) which physical terminal ( or emulation thereof ) is connected to the tty device . mksh uses a tty for command line editing if it is there , and disables command line editing if it is not there . you need to edit your selinux policies to allow the ssh server to allocate a pty/tty pair ( or even several ones ) per connection . ( this answer has been edited to fold in the comments from this and the original question , and to reflect some edits to the question . )
i know this answer 's a bit late , but you have not received a good one yet ! in titanium backup , you can do menu -> more -> overview of app storage use , then order by data size . not only will you have your apps sorted by data size , ti shows you the size with graphical bars , so you can compare apps at a glance and see what is huge vs . tiny . see the last screenshot on the market ( the free version ) for an example . another option : app 2 sd by sam lu . not as pretty , and the apps are split over 3 screens , but it is possible by doing menu -> sort by -> data size . finally , if you have a rooted phone and an ext partition , you can move some or all of your data to the ext partition and gain tons of space !
check out diskusage . it'll let you see what is consuming the most space on either internal or sd card .
1tap cleaner is capable of that , i use it all the time to clear data-hogging apps . once in the app choose cache cleaner then bring up the settings > sort by size > data size .
add the files to the /media/audio/ringtones directory on your sd card . see also : how do i set a custom mp3 as a ringtone for other notifications ?
open the . mp3 file in the stock media player , and from there choose menu> set as ringtone .
use ringdroid ! it is got a spectacular gui , it automatically finds all music files on your phone , and allows you to make custom ringtones and set them directly from the app . best ringtone app i have ever used .
i too suffered this issue ( several times on different roms ) . nlpwakelocks appeared in an insanely high abundance ( several thousand wakelocks in a single day ) . my first fix consisted of uninstalling all updates of google play , google services framework and google play services , clearing caches and deleting the data of the before mentioned in appmanager , then do a reboot and re-install the updates again . magically , the number of wakelocks dropped to a quite acceptable level . it still was the major cause of wakelocks , but it did not drain the battery nearly as much as before . since then , i had the " use wireless networks " setting enabled without heavy battery drain . i could happily live with this result . however , since i updated to 4.3 ( cm 10.2 ) , there is no longer a button to uninstall updates of those services in appmanager . luckily though , clearing caches and data then reboot seems to suffice now . the only caveeat seems to be google maps . since the update , you need to be logged in to your google account to see your favorite places in google maps . unfortunately , maps then begins to poll your location every few minutes , thus raising nlpwakelocks to an alarming level again . since i have not found a workaround for this yet , i always logout of google maps after use and login again when needed . not very comfortable , but this way i am still able to use google now while experiencing an acceptable battery life . additionally , if you are not using google talk/hangouts at all , log out and uninstall ( with something like titanium backup ) . if you have got a real autostart killer ( e . g . autostart manager ) , try to stop every service running with ' gtalk ' in its name ( in autorun manager , there is a very convenient search field for that ) . this last pararaph has nothing to do with nlpwakelocks , but it should reduce the google services framework drain considerably . hope this helps !
looking at your logcat it appears you have installed the xprivacy app . this seems to be requesting your location constantly . try removing this app and see if that helps . this post on xda appears to confirm the problem . looking through that thread a bit more it appears that there were changes to reduce this but it could be an issue with apps that request your location not liking the data it gets . you could also try installing wakelock detector and see if that sheds any light on the issue .
the only known solution is to hard reset . . . . start the tab with volume up button home button pressed . . . select " hard format " from the menu ( be careful while doing this ) ( note:it will delete all apps , contacts and restore it to initial stage )
the camera and gallery apps are the same on android 4.3 and below . it got separated only on kitkat version . so you have to look for gallery apk on titanium backup . probably named gallery 4 . apk or gallery 2 . apk with com . android . gallery3d . . . . as its package name
the answer is indeed as dan hulme mentioned : tap once on the notification ( sms , phone etc ) . this makes that notification shrink and fade , when in fact it is selecting it ; extremely unintuitive but that is the way they implemented it . . . this makes an empty grey box appear in the bottom half of the screen with no label . what you need to do now is drag across this box . again , no label , no instructions , no suggestion , bad ui ; but it does what you want : unlock the screen and go to the app corresponding to the notification ( sms , phone , etc ) . thanks dan for the answer .
you could always remove the home number from your contact information . it will then match your wife when getting a call from home . you can try re-adding the home number back to your own contact card and see if the change sticks . if you have the home number in your own contact info as well as your wife 's , android will display the first contact it finds . since your ' self ' card was probably synced before your wife 's card , android shows your ' self ' card as the incoming contact . ( whereas before , you likely added the home number to your wife 's contact first , then to your ' self ' card later ) . there is another android . se question asking a similar question .
greenify and task killer kill your apps , but greenify also disable the receiver in the greenified apps . this way the apps will not be able to start again stealthily . the pro version can act as a gcm proxy , in which gcm messages are rerouted to greenify and it can wake a greenified apps , giving you the best of both world ( no ram and cpu usage , yet still able respon to push message ) for messaging and email apps .
unfortunately there is no such function on android . there is something similar when using a pattern to unlock your phone . another solution would be third party software . also check this article on lifehacker for much more tips on improving your phones ' security http://lifehacker.com/three-ways-to-improve-your-androids-lock-screen-securi-1293317441
if nobody else is having the issue , i would send it back for a replacement . you probably just got unlucky . though you might also want to compare the wifi signal strength with your other phone , and try some speed tests to see if it is actually an issue or if the number of bars is just misleading .
this link : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/google%20mobile/thread?tid=72cde4a29b9021c3hl=en on the google forums would indicate that there are some connectivity issues with the nexus s
you have downloaded an app using an advertising platform that uses these ads . these ads are actually against google play 's developer policies , so when you find the app ( see below ) that is doing this , be sure to report it . there are a few ways to find the app : when did the adverts start ? if you can remember this , try and think of any apps you might have installed not long before they started , and uninstall them . are there any apps in your manage apps area that should not be there ? uninstall them , and see if the adverts go away . check through all your apps , and look at the permissions . adverts like these will need loads of permissions , so if you see an app with many permissions which it may not need , uninstall it and see if the adverts go . if the worst comes to the worst , you can factory reset and reinstall all your apps one by one , however this is a last resort , as you will lose all of your data .
on droid razr , running ics , it is under accessibility , in the system settings menu : scroll to the bottom and you should see a double tap home launch field , click it and it will allow you to set it to " none " .
i do not know about the s2 , but i have just discovered that for the galaxy note , there is a setting " launch voice talk " ( launch by double-tapping home ) that only appears when vlingo is set as the voice recognition engine . if you choose google , the option goes away .
you can follow the following steps to disable Voice Command on ics : from the home screen go to Settings then Applications . find and select Voice Command in the Downloaded or All tabs if the Disable option appears - select and then ok . it will not prompt again . if not , select Clear data and then ok . the next time you mistakenly double click do not confirm the samsung disclaimer but select the back button instead .
for solving your problem you must double press menu key when start s voice application press option key and go to setting . you must uncheck an option in 1 or 2 line . read text in under line . you disable starting s voice via double pressing home button sorry for bad english . . im from iran good luck dear
now i have installed cyanogenmod 9 and this does not happen anymore . i do not think , this problem can be solved via settings of samsungs android version
for a non-rooted phone , this is the best i have found : double-tap , select menu , settings voice talk seetings -> speak prompts : uncheck now if you double-tap , a short sound will be heard , but you will not here the " what would you like to do ? " .
i have disabled it using app-freeze on titanium backup . this works well , and is entirely reversible , but appears to require both the pro key ( paid ) and root . a possible alternative would be removing it using either the terminal or adb . the apk in question is /system/app/voicetogo . apk ( com . vlingo . client . samsung ) , and my phone has not had a problem with it having been disabled . i would recommend backing it up , though , on the off chance .
inside the voice command : open settings &rarr ; voice talk settings &rarr ; motion then uncheck double tap option or uncheck motion activation altogether .
i just upgraded my s2 to ics and continued facing the same problem . . the solution for the problem is settings -> language and input -> keyboard and input methods . make sure google voice typing is unchecked . . . problem solved . . .
http://kwatog.wordpress.com/2012/05/13/disabling-vlingo-voice-command-on-samsung-galaxy-s-ii/ install go launcher ex from google play . it’s free ! open the app drawer . press and hold on the blue voice command icon until it starts shaking . click on the x button and choose uninstall . follow the instructions . optionally , you can uninstall go launcher ex . you are welcome .
you can try side loading 4.4.2 and then a factory reset from that android version
have the same issues as the first bloggers that posted . i have the nexus 4 16gb and in february 2014 , i cracked the screen and changed the digitizer . in the process i tore the lithium polymer bag for the battery and subsequently the phone started to have a sweet smell . after 5 days the phone started acting up with these ghost images which was typing the same random characters in google plus , the camera took photos by itself , it shut off by itself and made squealing noises and just have been crazy . only upon plugging in the phone into the adapter charger would stabilize and use it on a regular basis . after reviewing several blogs , one person recommended changing the battery , which i did and this has fixed the phone . i have had a new battery in the phone for over 4 days now and it is working perfectly fine . i am running kit kat 4.4.2 and have all of the different kinds of apps installed on the phone . screen replacement and battery replacement can be found on youtube . first ! change your battery , do not give up the phone . spend the money ( $21 amazon ) and do not regret because you did not try to change the battery and see if it works again . hope this helps and pass it on to others you may know ! **update : apr 13 , 2014 . phone is working as normal using usb charge and wall charger . it is the battery causing the ghost images .
although difficult to generalize , in a pretty good number of cases , using a lock screen pin/password is not going to be sufficient to prevent someone from wiping your phone and/or flashing it with a new rom . it may be an effective enough deterrent to prevent them from accessing your personal data , but there are a few considerations that go along with that , as well . firstly , if the bootloader is unlockable , then there is effectively no way to prevent someone from reflashing the device . the fastboot utility will give them the ability to flash unsigned images once the bootloader is unlocked , and unlocking it will not be prevented by any userspace security ( like a pin/password or keeping usb debugging disabled ) . nexus devices always have unlockable bootloaders , so those are a given . for other devices , you can typically find out if your device has an unlockable bootloader by visiting the development portal of your manufacturer 's website . samsung devices will use odin/heimdall instead of fastboot ( excepting some outliers , like nexus devices made by samsung which also have fastboot ) , but you can generally find out if a samsung device will accept unsigned images via a bit of searching ( in many cases they will ) . some devices have other ways of accessing fastboot/recovery , some more esoteric than others . it is not terribly uncommon for there to be a key combination that will boot a device into its stock recovery system , which will provide some means of performing a factory reset , thereby removing any lock screen security that was configured on the device . another complication can be if the device recognizes a factory cable . the kindle fire , for example , would let you flash an unsigned image with a factory cable , meaning you could actually get a custom recovery installed without wiping the device . this would put all of your data at risk if the attacker was properly equipped and technologically savvy . there are probably other concerns that i am not considering here , as well , but these are the basic ones aside from bootloader exploits and the like , which are not really predictable in the long-term . in general , though , there is a saying about security which microsoft sums up as such : if a bad guy has unrestricted physical access to your computer , it is not your computer anymore . . . and that is a pretty accurate way of putting it for an android device . if your concern is securing your data then userspace security like a lock screen password , locked bootloader , and keeping usb debugging off are going to be great defenses . if you are looking to secure your device such that no attacker could make use of it , then you have got a significant uphill battle , and the odds of winning are going to be very slim ( and quite possibly zero ) . nb : for your specific scenario : the moto g is supported by motorola 's bootloader unlock program . therefore , userspace security will not prevent someone from resetting or reflashing your device .
if an app does not run in the foreground , it is usually " frozen" ; this means , its memory structure is kept ( so you can " recall " it faster , and no additional i/o + cpu is needed to restart it ) -- but gets ( almost ) no cpu-cycles assigned . there might be some exceptions when it needs to do things while backgrounded , but usually that would require the app to use a " service " . thus , the " overhead " is minimal -- compared to the need of restarting it every time the user needs to access it . as for memory , the android system is quite efficient in maintaining it : to explain it in easy terms , apps are put into different groups having different " priorities " . together with some other criteria , this decides which app can be killed if the system runs " out of memory": the oom-killer ( again , " out of memory killer" ) comes into action then and checks : obviously , essential system processes should not be killed at all , the users foreground-session ( which he is working in ) should be the last to consider . but " closed " apps are first candidates , " background apps " the next , and not-so-essential services come after those . again , that is a simplified way to put it -- in reality , this looks a bit more complicated : ) but : if you think of task-killers to " improve battery life": forget about that before starting to think about . they are usually rather contra-productive , as they work against the system . few exceptions apply in terms of a malfunctioning app ( e . g . consuming all your cpu and there is no other way to stop it ) .
google displays weather conditions using weather underground as per google web search features page . all weather conditions and forecasts are provided by weather underground , inc . so , google now also might be picking from the same source .
the google search engine gets its weather from a combination of ' the weather channel ' , ' weather underground ' and ' accuweather ' . the data on google now appears to be the same data . . .
i had the same problem . i fixed it by : shutting down my phone removing the battery and sd card putting it back turning my phone on . it is all there again . phewww ! maybe my sd card had an epileptic moment for awhile .
i could not find a native way either for that , and was wondering why it worked on one of my devices but not on the others . on the " working " device , i am using acalendar as a frontend to the google calendar , which also comes with a nice widget , and is really handy . acalendar also sends birthday reminders , shows them on the widget itself and also puts a hint in the notification bar which is hard to miss . so until you find a solution you like more , this would be a possibility .
kindly follow these steps : how to add your gmail contacts ' birthdays to google calendar add your gmail contacts ' birthdays to google calendar to add a calendar showing and alerting you to birthdays of your gmail contacts to google calendar : select settings | calendar settings in google calendar . go to the calendars tab . follow the browse interesting calendars » link under other calendars . open the more tab . click subscribe for contacts ' birthdays and events . sarah dee 's answer on why it is not possible to add notifications at birthday 's calendar ? please follow these steps : go to google.com/calendar so you are just viewing the regular home screen on the left hand side under other calendars , find friends ' birthdays , click the drop down arrow and select reminders and notifications from the menu under the event reminders section , click add a reminder , set the desired reminder click save
updates of this kind are usually for the camera as a whole and not just app centered . for a detailed analysis i suggest you read this . the update as a whole brought changes to the api the way the auto focus , white balance , etc in pictures taken as a whole . you will notice changes ( for the better ) in pictures taken from a 3rd party app too .
there are two kind of solutions . one is to repartition , as you do not mentioned what kind of android powered smartphone you have i will try to get deep and the other to move apps to microsd ( please read below ) . if your device has a mediatek cpu you can try meteos tool for repartitioning , you can find some details here http://www.modaco.com/topic/365701-re-partition-any-mtk6589-phone-without-a-pc-more-data-storage/ . this application can be used on the smartphone and repartition the memory to different sizes depending on the selection of the user and the limit of the memory itself . i have used it , it is very easy to be implemented . the other solution is to use something that is called link2sd . this although is not repartitioning the memory , it moves every app even other files to the microsd memory ( there are solution to run the whole rom from the microsd ) and have free space at the smartphone memory . this way it solves the problem of the internal low memory .
to start with , i do not think it is possible to somehow change chip on a phone . it would stop working because of incompatible drivers . price of the imported phone can be lower , for example nexus devices are 1/2 more expensive in my country than in the us and it could be used too . anyways you should check , if it'll work on your carrier if it is imported . finally , there are many benchmarks to choose from . i suggest using antutu . it is been here a long time and is still one of the best . it really tests your device , cause i have used it on different roms on one device and i had different results .
very easy ! ! just got to your computer and go to character map or just jo go to word document and hit alt+255 or alt0160 and copy that file into ur phone . then open tht word document in your phone copy the content its copyable . then just paste it in ur whtsapp chat or whtsapp status . but if u dnt want to waste time doing all this just go to ur whtsapp settings and hide ur status ! :p
there is a blank character in character map on windows , if you can set up whatsapp using bluestack or emulator you can easily send a blank message or can set blank status as well but if you cant setup the same this might help you http://blog.drhack.net/whatsapp-blank-status-message-trick/
i would do it by using the free version of endomondo . on your site profile , you can than export the data in . gpx or . tcx format .
you could try gps logger for android . a lightweight , battery efficient gps logger . the purpose of this app is to log your gps coordinates at specified intervals to a file on your sd card . this app runs in the background so that you can on a long walk , hike , flight ride or photo session or even go buy some milk and have this running as long as possible . once you are back at your computer , you can then use the files to geotag photos , upload to travel sites , view in google earth and so on . the app lets you send the data via email , ftp , dropbox , google docs , openstreetmap , or opengts . what you do with it , programming-wise , is entirely up to you ; this part is off-topic here .
the easiest way to do this is use google location sharing/history , a.k.a. latitude . your phone already has all the functionality to do this : you just need to turn it on . then , you can use the api of google location sharing to retrieve the location history of the phone and process it any way you like . you do not need any server-side programming to do this . all that said , probably the best way to get into gis programming is through openstreetmap . it is a huge , complex dataset and offers lots of opportunities for analysis and for learning about different ways of storing , representing , and processing geographic data .
navigate to settings -> language and input -> spelling correction then uncheck the box .
this appears to be a " fix " for the issue . . but it requires root to write to /system/app . i do not want to root my device just to get a standard feature . download these two files : latinimegoogle . apk and latinimedictionarypack . apk put the apk 's onto your sd card copy the apk 's navigate to /system/app and paste the apk 's into the directory rename ( or delete ) the file titled " latinime . apk " you now have a working dictionary for your keyboard !
just found that if you go into android keyboard settings , add-on dictionaries you can select and download an english dictionary there .
go to the play store , and install google keyboard . this includes its own spell checking dictionary . navigate to : Settings -&gt; Language &amp; Input -&gt; Spelling correction  and select " google spell check " . you can click the settings icon to change the language too .
sure is ! when you get your new android phone and sign in with your google account , it will automatically start to re download your apps ! if you want to root the new phone , and the previous one ( the one you own now ) was also rooted , you could use titanium backup as well to back up your apps and reinstall the them with all their data on the new device .
looking a bit further i discovered that i have to click 7 times on build number on phone details to enable the developer settings .
i would say " yes " through my own observations . apps like live wallpapers do have an effect on battery life . add to that any active radios like wifi , bluetooth , gps , mobile data and battery life can go down the tubes . i have learned to disable things if i am not able to charge right away or need a bit more battery life . i would also like to mention about running apps and background processes , i would suggest not disabling them unless you know what you are doing .
html 5 video plays within the browser in chrome . to use html 5 video with youtube ( both the mobile and desktop websites ) , go to http://www.youtube.com/html5 to turn it on . browsers will not be able to run flash animations , videos , and games , because adobe decided to stop supporting flash on mobile devices . adobe is also winding down its flash authoring tools and encouraging its customers to output to html 5 instead . because flash is a closed , proprietary format , adobe 's free to choose to support or not support android according to their whims , and there is very little consumers can do about that .
as the developer documentation describes , an app needs the permission com.google.android.c2dm.permission.RECEIVE to receive gcm messages . this shows up in the permissions list as " receive data from internet " ( which is a little vague , i know ) . of course , the presence of the permission does not necessarily mean the app actually will use gcm . even if it does use gcm , it might not use it for all the uses you think it might use it for : maybe only some kinds of ' refresh ' or polling operations can be replaced by gcm uses . and even if it uses gcm fully , in all the ways you had expect , it is still possible for the app to use more power than it needs to . using gcm is no guarantee that the app is well-written or efficient .
what i wanted does not seem to be possible . it makes sense , really , as if it were possible it would represent a major security hole that would allow any app to gain root . i ended up wiping my phone and testing the quality of my backups . ( they were not as good as i would hoped . )
there are apps for that : use ota rootkeeper ( free ) or supersu pro ( paid ) . if the ota update has not touched your /system partition , these apps will work flawlessly . another requirement is ext2 , ext3 , ext4 file system . as you are with stock rom of galaxy nexus , this requirement has met .
you can not mark mails as not spam . instead you have to label it inbox . to do this on the bottom action bar , hit labels and tick inbox . it seems that this is equivalent as all future emails go straight to the inbox .
" sign into wi-fi network " says it all : no network , no connection . you most likely changed the password/keyphrase at your router , and forgot to adjust your devices . they cannot log in to the network anymore , hence you get that notification . fixing your wifi configuration will solve the other problem along . edit : thanks to dan for pointing out my omission : the phrasing of the notification indeed points to a " captive network " , which requires a sign-in via browser first . to automate such a login , you might wish to take a look at wifi web login and comparable apps . also see automate web login for wi-fi hotspots ( captive portal ) on android at our sister-site .
well as going by your point that the problem is not limited to you but to your whole family then the problem lies with the configuration of your modem . if the wifi is not configured properly then it may or may not show connected but you will not be able to download or browse any content let it be google play or the internet . as you have not specified any h/w details of your modem then i can only provide a general solution which would be to configure your modem properly either by yourself or from the relevant technician of the modem . also do please check whether the wi-fi is displaying a red cross with an error of irrelevant settings on your desktop or laptop when connecting over the wi-fi or the connection is normal through the lan cable . if its a yes for the lan and wi-fi then you need to get your modem checked by the technician for both wi-fi as well as lan connection
you can simply get rid of the beep on power connection by setting the notification sound to zero in System &gt; Sound &gt; Volumes .
i have not found any way to do this through the software . the only way i have found to disable the sounds is to go to /system/media/audio/ui on your phone and delete files Volume-1.mp3 through Volume-7.mp3 for the volume tones , and Charger_Connection.ogg for the connection tone . just tested this on my phone and it does indeed work . you may want to back up the files first in case you want to restore them at some point . you may also have to be rooted to be able to remove the files . edit : actually , i am sure you will need root , as i had to su in a terminal emulator to be able to do anything in that directory .
as you have indicated , both features are native to the default launcher app that shipped with the 4.4 rom for nexus 5 , called the google experience launcher ( gel ) having google now start listening when i say , " okay google " without pressing a button i have not come across any third-party launcher app that is integrated this yet , and would not count on it anytime soon . here is what nova launcher 's dev said on this topic . you could try apps like open mic+ , but these would continue to be active as long as your phone is awake , and almost certainly will take a hit on the already weak nexus 5 battery life . being able to swipe over to the left from the homescreen to get the now screen this will never be part of a non-gel app . in order to achieve this , google essentially packaged the launcher app into the search ( i.e. . google now ) app . see here and here on how and why they did this . it is unclear whether gel will be released to the play store as a standalone app , or if it'll even be released to other nexus/play edition devices .
cyanfox for nexus 5 has the semi always listening baked right into the rom . i put the same type of rom on my friends galaxy s3 and it had the google now screen to the left and was always listening while on the home screen . blew my mind .
kk launcher ( based on android 4.4 kitkat launcher ) have this feature : enable ok google from all kk launcher screens ( require android 4.4 ) ; support swipe right to google now
smart launcher 2 added support on 31 may .
theres an app called open mic+ its helps wid the ok google thing swiping left fr google now is no where present excpt gel but i personally didnt like the interface the icon size ws looking big on my note 2 i prefer nova launcher wid open mic + . apk it works like a charm ; ) plus whoever said it doesnt wrk whn screen is off ur wrong m using it and wrks wid locked screen and yes if u set it to start up on boot it strts frm boot ; )
the google experience launcher is actually built into the google search app along with google now . this is why it can listen for ' okay google ' and have google now accessible via the left swipe . ars technica has a good article which goes into more details on this . there are some launchers that support gestures , which might be similar to the left swipe to access the google now page ( although they will only be able to launch google now in the same way an upward swipe does ) . i do not think there are any that support saying ' okay google ' from the homescreen though .
" ok google " works in nova launcher . it is an option in the root of nova settings , and works regardless of whether or not a search bar is displayed . similar functionality can be added to apex , samsung touchwiz , or htc sense , using an app called active searching . i have not found a way to display the google now cards page as a launcher page in any launcher other than the google now launcher .
nova has since been updated and now supports the ok , google hotword .
it will stay online . auto-backup only add photo , they never remove it .
the problem is gone after a fresh install . now , there is no need to answer .
your best bet would probably be using a dlna server app ( this one , for example , though there are lots of others ) on one device and an appropriate player ( example ) on the other devices . not sure if it would work over a hotspot tether though , but there are free apps available for both ends , so it can not really hurt to try . edit : oh , misunderstood the question . that is about as easy . there are several apps on the store for running a camera server , like this one , for example . you then can use any compatible player to connect and view the camera feed
this is awfully strange if you did not root your device - because normally , these are symptoms of a bricked device . if you can get into recovery , please could you erase your data ? you can attempt to get into recovery by holding the recovery key combo ( minus the power button ) , and then plugging the charger in . if this does not work - after erasing your data , then i would suggest taking it to a repair shop - you never rooted it , so your warranty is therefore still intact .
uninstall the update . and update again . it worked for me .
i am not sure what version of gmail you have , but the version i have ( along with android 4.1.2 ) allows me to " show pictures " in the message , then i have the option to " always show pictures from this sender " . the option in the settings is to " remove " the always show that you have set for any sender in the past . the only way to always show images is by first showing them for a sender , then select the always show . and afaik , this can only be done per sender .
no , this is not possible . unfortunately , google have not implemented this feature into google play as of yet .
when you specify one of your devices ( to narrow down the comments ) , the web page sends an ajax query to google . it passes a get variable , specifying the device ; it also passes some post variables , one of which is a token ( so you can not simply browse to the page ) . you could write something that requests a different device to get the comments . the only problem is that google has their own definitions for device models . you would have to find out the model id used by google for the device ( s ) you wish to browse . here is a starting point for your code . i grabbed my token value by using tamper data . here 's a starting point for your list of devices . my two devices are the optimus v : " lge lg-vm670" nook simple touch : " barnesandnoble nook " readers : feel free to add your device in the comments .
ok 1 . download paw server and run it on first user . 2 . run it 3 . go to 2nd user 4 . go to localhost:8080 5 . login with user admin with password paw 6 . go to media > file manager done ! or code your own php script .
/data/media contains a number of folders including legacy and obb , neither of which appear to be shared between users , at least not on my nexus 10 . it also contains a 0 folder which is the emulated sd card of the first user , then 10 , 11 and 12 for the sd cards of the first three other users of the device . i know you said your device is not rooted and you seem to be able to use obb ( which i can not ) but if you root , you will be able to access any sd card image this way . hope this helps in some way .
it is probably mounted only for one user and unmounted when you switch to another user which explains why it is in the same place ( directory /sdcard ) but with different users the content change
after a lot of trial and error , i discovered that the Android/obb folder is automatically shared among users . it is not ideal , but it is better than a cloud storage option for large files .
it is a different user account is why you can not see the files and the user files are stored on the system partition when the user accounts were set up it is assumed the the first account to ' activate ' the device is the master account , all other ones created from that are user accounts , much in the same way you have user accounts on a pc you will have your C:\Users\youusername\Downloads that is not viewable by other users that log into the machine if you want to share things possibly use a cloud storage system like google drive or dropbox but that a bit of a pain having to share individual documents so maybe set up a shared folder you will be able to add a short-cut to that to access them maybe ?
run paw server on user 1 use the built-in file manager
this has nothing to do with permissions . to verify , switch to account 1 and see if the folder is visible . i think you have unintentionally deleted the folder yourself .
go through the one time steps mentioned on this link .
calibrate the tablet , if that does not work it could be a faulfy digitizer or it was made to respond to a stylus
it may be that he is used to older resistive touchscreens ( the kind you use with a pointy stylus ) , and so he is pressing the screen with the tip of the fingernail , instead of with the finger itself . that does not work well on capacitive touchscreens unless your fingernails are cut very short . also , you are probably right about older , drier fingers having less capacitance and so showing up less well on the screen . using the ' pad ' of the finger instead of the tip might help by giving the screen more finger to work with . if all else fails , you can get styli for capacitive touchscreens . you can distinguish them by having a rounded , foam tip the size of a finger , instead of a pointed , pen-like tip .
try Wiredog . it is new and you can find it on reddit in the top apps category .
if you have cleared your google service framework data to recieve the update , it will change your device id that google uses to recognise your device . this also affects the tokens used by some apps ( i.e. . google now , google search , chrome ) and they wont connect to the google servers properly and refuse to work for a while ( this was like 24~48 hours for me , before these apps started behaving as the tokens were eventually refreshed ) . other non-google apps will continue working . more details of why this happens can be found in this reddit post by a google engineer : http://www.androidpolice.com/2013/11/20/google-engineer-dan-morrill-sheds-some-light-on-the-nexus-ota-process-urges-you-to-never-clear-google-service-framework-data/
hopefully this app is your answer : gm alarm as mentioned in google play , this app has different alarm sounds and you can select the option for random alarm sounds each day . and the alarm sound will not repeat as it maintains a history for previous alarm sounds . might be useful for you .
aside from the usual battery-saving tips ( like disabling data / wi-fi ) , you could use an app like screen filter to reduce the brightness of the device ; this reduces power consumption . if available , you might also invert the colors in your reader app . for example , ezpdf reader has a Night mode feature which makes the background black and the text white ( as opposed to the standard black on white ) . of course , this is only applicable to pdfs with actual next , not scanned images .
you can format the sd as exfat , removing the 4gb restriction from old fat filesystem . you can format it from windows ( or linux/mac ) without any third party application and the phone will recognize it without problems .
i rebooted the device and the message was gone .
try rebooting your phone then it should go away .
asus provides two launchers in their 4.2.1 rom - they differ as you descibed in your question . the one with the notifications in the lower right is the same one as used in their 4.1 rom and the one with the notifications at the top is the vanilla android 4.2 launcher . you can switch between them at will by opening settings and then navigating to device -> launcher ( it requires a reboot to switch ) .
to answer your question , if you have cyanogen mod installed , no new aps just the rom and you use the phone exactly as you would youse it with your stock rom , yes cyanogen mod will take more battery but at the same time it is more light weight and faster . so yes cyanogen mod does take up a bit more battery then a stock rom , at least from my experinece with cm .
i can think of two reasons why a cm rom might reduce battery life : cpu governor : the cpu governor controls the frequency of the cpu depending on the requirement . your rom might be using a governor that favours performance over battery life . selecting a governor that achieves a good balance between performance and battery life might help you . you can learn more about cpu governors here battery calibration : the battery status is stored in a file called batterystats . bin . its possible that your phone is using the same batterystats . bin that came with the rom . you can use an application like battery calibration to regenerate this file with new/accurate stats . ( a myth according to this )
it depends . yes , depends on your settings ( auto brightness , wifi scan interval , gps , auto sync enabled ) type of applications installed ( widgets and its high auto refresh rate ) and many more ( kernel wakelock ) etc . just try to check what consumes your battery using better battery stats . from that you can identify , what causing battery drain .
just for my experience with the xperia mini pro ( 3 years of use and the new note 3: the stock was more efficient in using the battery even it was filled with bloatware . same reason why i am looking this up - to go with some stock modified rom or cm which i like more , but battery is a must . . .
sammobile only lists the chinese rom for your device , so it is unlikely you will be able to use different languages with an official samsung rom : to get other languages and google apps support , you will need to use a third-party custom-rom . similarly , it does not appear that the n9008s is an officially supported device for cyanogenmod , likely because none of the developers have one . there is a thread on the xda developers forum , but it does not make your prospects look good . googling for cyanogenmod n9008s produces a lot of noise ( rooting guides , and pages that mention n9008s but are actually about other devices ) , as well as one or two pages that might have unofficial roms but are in chinese , so you will have to trawl through them with google translate to see if any are actually helpful . you might find that as they are in chinese , they have only ported a chinese build of cyanogenmod , which would leave you no better off . in any case , you should be very wary of unofficial rom builds , since they could backdoor your device or contain other malware , and you should be extra-careful about following flashing instructions in a language you do not understand . only try something out if you are willing to risk bricking your phone .
you can not change or remove them . only way to do it is by installing custom rom ; which will inturn invalidate any warranty you have on the phone .
you need root and a root explorer like es file explorer . go to system/media/ and delete or rename the file bootani . qmg if you want to get rid of the android animation . the vendor one should be named like samsungani . qmg or htcani . qmg .
according to the announcement on the google reader blog it should be avaiable for phones running donut ( android 1.6 ) and above , so you are covered for that . the blog does not mention any geographical restrictions and i am in europe ( uk ) and i have got it , so it is definitely available outside the us . if you have got a barcode reader , then you can just point your phone at the qr barcode on the blog and it should take you straight to the market page for the app ( if it is in your market ) . according to reader 's androlib page , it is currently available in the us , french , spanish , italian , german , dutch , japanese , swiss and russion markets . there are ways to change the settings on your device so that it looks at the us ( or another region 's ) market , see this previous question for more how do i use the us android market .
you can download it from here then copy the apk file on your handset and install it from there . but i would still recommend newsrob as a better reader even than the official google reader application
these are accessibility apps . one of motorola 's faq questions summarizes their purposes well : kickback - check to vibrate the phone briefly as feedback as you navigate the phone’s user interface , press buttons , and so on . talkback - check to cause an installed speech synthesizer to speak the labels or names of items as you navigate the phone’s user interface . soundback - check to play a sound as you navigate the phone’s user interface .
kickback / soundback / talkback are google 's accessibility offerings . to turn them on , go to settings > accessibility . they allow users with low vision to navigate around android by reading out and giving noises / vibrating feedback when buttons are pressed or new notifications are shown .
did not find the solution . but found the ' good enough workaround ' delete all wifi you have saved charge battery to maximum remove account used to install everything clear recent app history delete the home screen app data . open the new account setting lock phone . ship it hope it arrives in less than 3 days which is what it took here to drain the battery :d now when the phone is taken out of the box , it will have ( almost ) the same as the welcome screens as the phone is factory reseted , but will keep the apps installed . it will prompt for new/existing account , pair with wifi , and show all the home screen apps hints . and i was spared the work of adding a few extra apps to the cyanogemmod image and ship the phone ' factory ' reseted . much easier that way :d
are you sure it really was one of your relatives sending this mail -- and not just a spammer using their address as sender ( as the url suggests ) ? i would for sure not install that , to me it looks like malware . ask that relative first if and why and what he sent . a google search revealed some related information : on xda one encountered something similar , and they assume it is rather malware bestappmarket informs this app was removed from google play ( hm , guess why ) . same information is found at androidinformer and here it comes : virustotal clearly lists it as malware , being detected as such by several malware scanners . conclusion : keep your fingers off ! do not install !
this is what you need to do , supposing you are on a stock rom : open your gallery app . select the image you want to set as background . hit menu and you should see an option set as , click on it . you should end with several options in which you can find home screen , lock screen and home and lock screens . select the option you want to set your wallpaper to . if you have a custom rom , you should check the forums of that rom to see if its supports this .
i had a bit of trouble setting the lock screen pic . i have a samsung galaxy ace q i827 ( appeal in the u.s. ) and i had to first find a pic i wanted , then i had to hit the menu button a couple of times to find the ' set as ' button . at first i only hit it once , and no ' save as ' button appeared . but after hitting it again , it popped up . after clicking on the ' set as ' , i had the option of selecting the lock screen or wallpaper . this is for gingerbread 2.3.6 .
you can not do that . but what you can do is download a third party locker such as go locker .
although i am on another device with another android version ( htc desire hd / rom : jellytime r9 ( android 4.2.2 ) ) i think the problem may be the same . in gallery i can only set the images as background . but i can set a different lock screen background image in system settings . i think this options depending on used launcher/lockscreen and are also valid in stock roms . i am using novalauncher and i can only set a different lockscreen image that way as far as i know . [ edit ] sorry for being that fuzzy . . what i really wanted to say : in android 4.2.2 ( can not confirm atm that it also works on 4.1 due to lack of working emulator ) - depending on launcher/locker - just do this setting under the proper category in system settings . . system settings &gt; ui &gt; lock screen &gt; background &gt; custom image ( maybe different wording - only got german version here ) [ /edit ]
check out an app in the play store called ' barcode generator / reader ' . and here 's a link on how to use it : link
snoozy charger ( also in the play store ) takes care of this . the free app ( as in bear and speech ) that lets you manage behavior during charger connection and disconnection . it requires no permissions , but does require you giving it device admin permissions . these permissions are only used for to control device locking , as verifiable in its source-code . from quickly going through the app’s source-code , it looks totally harmless and benign . if the app does not behave as you want , make sure to go through the settings . for example , “turn off screen only when locked” is enabled by default . this means that the app will not kick into effect if you have an on/off-button-press-lock delay or other related settings . it works perfectly for my on a wireless charging pad and with micro-usb cable using a lg nexus 4 device . i am very satisfied . update : i documented additional issues here .
do you happen to have enabled Settings &gt; Application &gt; Development &gt; Stay Awake (screen will never sleep when charging) ?
i think you would need a custom kernel with this " feature " removed . i do not know of any , sadly .
i am not creator of this app , but it works for me ( htc desire z ) . i have not tested it well yet , though .
do you happen to have enabled Settings &gt; Application &gt; Development &gt; Stay Awake ? if checked , screen will never sleep when charging .
justpictures ! might be the app for you . it has excellent support for picasa web albums and lets you download ( sync ) full albums to your phone . you can also save individual photos to your sd card ( open a photo , press menu , select save photo ) . highly recommended . one limitation is that you may struggle to open other people 's albums . related link .
you can sync picasa albums to the web via a setting in the software on your computer . google gives you a little storage for free . then on your phone you under settings-> accounts and sync , select the google account and tick sync picasa web albumns . next time you open the gallery app , it will show all the photos that have been uploaded to the web .
you can use an app called photosuitcase where its primary use is to make your own facebook , picasa and flickr available offline .
i have tested this on my g2 , thumbnails are stored and in some cases the full picture , but it is not consistent and there is no way to know which has been fully downloaded . the best way to view photos offline , is to manually download them from picasa on your computer to your phone over usb . it would be great if google offered some way to know which albums were actually " synced " or if there was an option to download full resolution of all picasa albums for offline viewing .
do i understand that your goal here is to save a single picture for offline viewing ? if you access your photo via the stock browser rather than the picasa app , you can long press on any image to bring up a menu of options including " save image " -- that will download the image to your sd card . i am surprised that picasa does not offer a similar option inside the app -- i would at least try a long press there , too .
connect the usb cable to your computer and copy the image files from your computer to your device . alternatively , use picasa on your computer to publish to picasa web albums , but keep the album private .
the picfolio app from google play downloads picasa photos and thumbnails to my external sdcard . in settings , you specifiy which picasa web albums you want to cache on your phone and where to put them , external sdcard or internal . display still works when both wifi and 4g data services are turned off on my samsung galaxy ii ( gingerbread 2.3 ) . ( you have to turn both of these off if you want to really test app caching , at least on my phone . ) justpictures ! and picasatool produced good read-only cached album results only when there was a data service of some kind . i just turned standard android picasa sync totally off , so that it does not mess up the sort order of photos taken only on my phone . the images are already there on picfolio . there is also an upload to picasa option , but i have not used it yet . i use the pro version , currently $2.99 , to avoid advertisements . i hope this helps others , as this thread certainly helped me . thank you .
try installing gallery3d from xda and sync it with your google account . it has a offline feature . you can get it from here , http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=653503
you will need to go into your google account settings and revoke issued permissions for any app which you no longer wish to have access to your google account . you can review connected apps at https://accounts.google.com/b/0/issuedauthsubtokens?hl=en
android does not support a standby or hibernate mode .
grooveshark might not be using that much data ; it keeps a cache of songs you have listened to recently so it does not have to re-download them each time . so if you are listening to the same songs all the time , they will probably only be downloaded once , same with offlined songs . to see if the app really sees what data grooveshark is pulling , go to Grooveshark-&gt;Settings-&gt;Clear Song Cache . then go listen to a playlist or two and see what happens : ) p.s. you can also edit the size of the cache on that menu ! if all else fails , i use phone usage , and it tracks grooveshark pretty successfully :
it is often used to identify the unique phone , but often this is actually quite a bad idea . most apps would be better off identifying you as a user , who can use multiple different devices on one account .
many apps use the imei for analytics purposes , for example counting users . most tools like google analytics or flurry need a unique id per phone , so the imei fits quite well . note that this does not work on non-cellular platforms ( like tablets ) , and the imei can also be faked : this is why some apps choose a different system ( see this article ) .
look at this amazon help forum about this issue . i found this : this is a bug in the kindle . do not reset your device people ! ! ! just go onto your amazon account and " manage your device " and deregister it . that resets the parental control password . go to the device and hit resync . when thats done go into the settings gear , my account , and register it using your amazon account info . it will be as before , nothing lost . i just got off the chat with a helpful amazon tech rep who gave me this information . also take a look at this answer on a forum found at askville . amazon . com : if you forget your password , you can deregister your kindle fire from manage your kindle (www.amazon.com/manageyourkindle) to reset the parental controls password . deregistering your kindle fire will also allow you to keep any downloaded items on your device . once your kindle fire has been deregistered , tap sync from the quick settings menu on your device , tap more , then select my account to reregister your device . if you are unable to deregister your kindle fire from manage your kindle , you will need to reset your device to the default factory settings to regain access . if you have added any personal documents , music , videos , or other content to your kindle fire , ensure it is been backed up prior to resetting your device . resetting your kindle fire to the default factory settings will delete all content on your device and you will need to register it again before downloading items from your amazon account . to reset your device to the default factory settings : k6: tap the quick settings icon in the top right corner of the screen , then tap more . tap device , then tap reset to factory defaults . k9 / k9-hd / k10: swipe down from the top of the screen , then tap more . tap device , then tap reset to factory defaults . to ensure your kindle fire has the latest software update , visit : http://www.amazon.com/kindlesoftwareupdates kindle fire also supports parental controls for in-app items purchased through the amazon appstore .
if you can not seem to find the answer to this question on one of amazon 's faq sites and/or the in the instruction manual , back up your data and do a factory reset . it is also the quickest way than rather run around in circles , but be careful , that data could have some stuff that you can not afford to lose ( like my " flappy bird " high score ) .
you could just try de-registering your kindle from your amazon-account and you may get rid of the password . note that that will delete all amazon content ( like books , apps and so on ) but it should leave other things untouched ( like your own photos , music or other stuff you have sideloaded to your device ) . you would de-register it at manage your devices on amazon . after re-registering you should be able to download all your content from amazon again , including books , apps and so on . answer found here : yahoo answers
try out these links : how to undo parental controls on a kindle fire kindle support if thes does not work , then factory reset is the option . you will lose your data , so back-up your data before resetting .
yes you can move apps to external on a sgs3 . ? i had this phone previously and used app2sd no problem simply download it from google play store , then once you open up the app it will tell you which apps can be moved to the external sd card . you can download it for free from the google play store . https://play.google.com/store?hl=en_gb
you might want to try moving apps installed in internal memory to sd card by long pressing on the desired app from the app drawer and dragging it up to the app info panel , scroll down and there you may find the " move to sd card " option . however afaik you cannot move apps to sd on the s3 unless rooted . you got to manage your files and apps using the 11 gb available or else root your device .
try smart switch with this you can easily transfer your backup from your old device to new device with ease . check this link . you must have the old backup folder in your c:/ drive under the kies folder/backup . note -if you deleted this wanted/accidentally done then you have lost your backup and cannot transfer any backup . next time onwards please store your backup files in a folder known to you in this way you can open the folder and directly send the backup anytime you want .
i found that running kies restore does a seemingly complete . sbu file extraction to a temporary directory such as : C:\Users\{LogonName}\Documents\samsung\Kies\sbu\te mp\{NumberID}\{Files Extracted} one can copy the files from there .
samsung kies extractor can help you restore backuped contacts , text messages , call logs , apps , music , videos and photos to your new galaxy phone . youtube video : samsung kies extractor
what makes this easy is using tab-completion to complete the device id . type adb -s D0  and press tab . the plugin in your shell will run adb devices to find the full device id and complete it on the command line for you . you can then type in the rest of the command . adb is a tool for developers , and even developers do not usually run it by hand from the command-line : both the main android development environments ( eclipse-based and intellij idea-based ) have gui wrappers . there is not really a need for it to be any more user-friendly than it is .
as i wrote in my above comment , one way would be : get adb working on your computer ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) download the .apk file to your computer switch on usb debugging on your device , and then connect it to your computer via usb ( order is important here : first enable the option , then connect ) use adb install &lt;file_name.apk&gt; to install the app for subsequent installs , you of course can ommit the first step , as adb should already be set up then : ) alternative approach ( untested ) : install some terminal app on your device ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) save the .apk to your sdcard start the terminal app , and run pm install &lt;/path/to/filename.apk&gt; again , the first step is only needed once . i have not tested that second method , so i am not sure whether it requires root or the " unknown sources " option . as adb install only seems to be a wrapper to pm install , the latter is not that likely .
are you sure dummy is a wifi interface ? typical wifi interface 's name is wlan0 . if you are 100% sure it is right wifi interface , you might also need to change the wlan0 inside the wpa_supplicant . conf file . if that still fails , run the wpa_supplicant command under strace and try get more info from there .
you can try exporting from sketchup to other formats such as dxf ( tutorial to do this in the free version here ) for which there are viewers for android . more information here .
you can rename from the amazon website itself : manage your kindle manage your devices edit ( blue link under edit kindle information dialog ) > edit kindle information
that setting was moved to the ( hidden ) developer options entry . at first , you need to activate veveloper settings here , then change your hostname in the debugging section ( 2nd option group , line 5 in android 4.3 )
as far as i know , no android devices ship with drivers for a usb touchscreen monitor . to make this work , you had have to find or write drivers for android , and they had probably be specific to the type of monitor . in the first instance you could approach the monitor manufacturer and see if they know of a driver for android , or are willing to give you the datasheets you had need to write one .
linda file manager allows you to do that . just long press the file and select create shortcut . a shortcut icon shall appear on your home screen as a side note , it is also a nice file manager . there might be tons of other options , though .
found it . when i say " e . g . flipboard " , it is only flipboard that has the problem . if i clear data on flipboard , it stops happening . i went back to the same store and repeated the process of accessing the ap but not completing the logon , and it came right back . cleared flipboard data and all good . i have bugged it with them .
no - as you have correctly ascertained , a custom rom is most likely your best bet . also , the bounce effect is a samsung " feature " - by default android uses the glow effect to indicate the end of a list . i am also unsure if this is a froyo only feature , because iirc , one of the ui updates was the glow effect , which samsung did incorporate into their later rom releases .
you can do this easily by pairing the devices and enabling data on the first device . steps are listed below . enable bluetooth on both the devices . ( obvious ! ) then , pair them up by clicking “search for devices” on one of the devices and clicking on the name of other device . you’ll be asked to verify a pin number . it doesn’t matter what the pin number is , as long as it’s the same pin number on both devices . go to settings , choose More then choose Tethering &amp; Portable Hotspot . in there , you have tick Bluetooth tethering . if you don’t , the tether will not work ! on the second device , go to Settings , then click on the word Bluetooth ( not the toggle – the word ) . finally , click on the name of your second device you paired earlier . to get it all working , choose Internet Access . now you should be able to use the data connection of your first device .
edit : after using my original solution for a while , i came to the conclusion that it does not satisfy my needs : using it to see and use the link url took too much time . so i developed a new android app with a single purpose , namely : copying the link to the clipboard , and display the link target in a toast . the app is available in google play as copy link to clipboard ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=nl.robwu.copylink ) ; below are two screenshots of the app in action . original answer below i figured out that i used the wrong keywords . searches for " url preview " , " link preview " , " view link " , etc . did not yield anything useful . so , i went to look for url unshortener apps . the unshorten it app by leocardz ( leonardo cardoso ) adds an entry to the contextmenu of each link . adds an option to the " share link " menu . shows up in the url intent screen . furthermore , it is fast , the ui looks great and it does not contain any ads or nagging donate requests . one minor issue : one cannot directly visit the url without first tapping on the " unshorten " button . after tapping that button , the url is resolved ( ie . unshortened if needed ) , and the result is displayed below the blue button . from there , you can share it , or open it in another browser , or just go back to the original app . ( i have evaluated two other apps , unshorten by tea and toys and short url evaluator by nicolas smith , but they did not show up at the url intent screen , which was a minimal requirement to me )
i am just now configuring my news on my tablet . each news source tile has a setting menu on the far right next to its name ( 3 vertical dots ) . pull that down by clicking , and select " remove " from the menu , if you do not wish it any longer . mine came with 12 pre-configured tiles , which i turned off way . it is easy to add them back from the " featured " list if you decide later to return to that news source . update:i am not seeing any direct removal of stories of the removed news sources when i first return to " read now " , but i believe i must click through to expire the stories already presented , and then refresh to have the content cleared . update2: well , that is annoying . there could still be a number of items in the queue from the first opening of the app with pre-selected news sources . i may have to click through them all to see when my preferences will be adopted .
you can only remove the sources that you have added manually ( via the my news tab ) . it seems newsstand is more of a discovery app , so it keeps putting in new stories from new locations based on your reading habits . i have been using it for a few months and it certainly has begun to know me a lot better , but then , i like receiving recommendations and discovering stuff . one thing i can not seem to remove is the purple and orange background stories , which , for me , seem to be local , current affairs and sports topics , which i am not interested in . this is because you can add a new source by clicking the '+' at the end of the story , but there is no '-' button to specifically remove a story that you do not wish to receive . the only way is to ignore stories/sources you do not want to read and hope that they will go away .
if you want to give adbfs a try , here are some instructions . you need to take care to grab the right one , as there are two projects around : one is simply called adbfs , i could not get that to work correctly . the other is adbfs-rootless: go to the projects github page on that page , at the right-hand side in about the middle of the page , you find a button labeled download zip . click that to download the sources . create a new directory , e.g. mkdir ~/adbfs-rootless , and extract the .zip to it now first install the dependencies : sudo apt-get install libfuse-dev change to the directory ( cd ~/adbfs-rootless ) , and build the binaries by simply running make copy the resulting adbfs binary into your $PATH , where your adb binary is located ( for adb , see is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) now you are ready to go . another one-time job is to create a mountpoint , e.g. mkdir ~/droid . after that , connect your android device via adb ( after having enabled usb debugging , of course ) . then mount it using adb ~/droid , and do whatever you wanted to do ( e . g . running rsync , copying stuff , whatever ) . when you are done , do not forget to disconnect : fusermount -u ~/droid . to make things easier , i created two aliases : alias mdroid="adb ~/droid" alias udroid="fusermount -u ~/droid"  so i only need to type mdroid to mount , and udroid to unmount the device . enjoy the fun !
yes , websites can use the webrtc extension to access the phone 's camera , with the user 's permission . not all browsers support this extension , but chrome for android does .
there are different approaches to achieve that goal : using a " cam server " app on the android device , and have it uploading pages to a web server same , but streaming same , with integrated web server ( so no separate upload ) having a fully integrated and programmable solution for all four approaches you will find matching apps . for the latter , i think e.g. of paw server , including a web server with scripting support . for " cam servers " , you might wish to take a look into this list .
there is none in my knowledge . the good reason why its not there because if its applied to specific models then anyone who owns the same model and knew the code can erase your privacy . so its not a good idea .
there is no way to do this , although you could do it using sms . you would have to install an app like cerberus which allows you to send an sms to wipe your device .
i just opened the device manager and updated the driver . it looked for it online , and i just unplugged the nexus and plugged it back in and it worked .
i turned off my tablet and turned it on ! worked for me
make sure that : your device is in usb debugging mode you have the device drivers installed with the device connected , delete any ' android ' devices in the device manager . do this by highlighting it and pressing the delete key . disconnect then connect the device .
it is not yet supported . from viberfaq ( answer posted a month ago ) : at the moment it is unfortunately not possible . you can uninstall viber , and when you reinstall , stickers will be gone from your sticker folder ( but this will unfortunately result in message history deletion ) . in the future we plan to add a feature that lets you remove stickers from your folder .
thanks to @shywim 's comment , i checked the settings of the messaging app . indeed it is got a custom notification sound settings . ( you can adjust the settings only if your phone is not muted . )
turns out the problem was actually wrong apn configuration . i configured the device using netowork operator automatic config mechanism , but turns out the parameters sent by the operator itself were wrong . phone call to customer care solved the issue .
ok , when in bootloader - the binary app on windows/linux etc , fastboot should detect it fastboot devices , but in recovery , presumably that is a stock recovery for said devices , i.e. not cwm , twrp etc . so no adb running in the stock recovery , which is further implying , that boot loader is locked ! had it being unlocked , it would make things easier ! however , as am not familiar with the device , it might be worth your while to read this thread , ( but do not act on it either as by the sound of it , you are not fully certain yet ) . other than that , will leave it at that and wait until someone who is in the know with said device will respond . my answer is more generic .
titanium backup etc just use in-built Package Manager (pm) to freeze an app . pm has a feature to prevent apps from running and from appearing in launcher . to use it , titanium backup etc execute following command : pm disable {package_name} you can freeze apps by yourself without using a dedicated freezer app . just use the above command in terminal emulator or ADB Shell . for example , if you want to freeze Stock Web Browser , open Terminal Emulator and switch to root using su command . then , execute # pm disable com.android.browser . it'll return #Package com.android.browser new state: disabled . done ! restart your launcher ( some devices may require reboot ) to see the app icon gone . to defrost the app , just replace disable with enable in the command .
i found how pm disable works : if you run cat /system/bin/pm , it gives : so apparently it is the same as the packagemanager we use from java , it is calling it - just in a root context that no user app can directly access . you can check if something is frozen , using getPackageManager().getApplicationEnabledSetting( the package name ) == getPackageManager().COMPONENT_ENABLED_STATE_DISABLED) 
nxp 's nfc taginfo app can copy the text from a text record on a scanned nfc tag to the clipboard . there are other apps with similar functionality . copying text from text records on nfc tags is not something that is built into android without installing and running an app .
no need to change - language can be changed within the os . my only tweak was installing a better english keyboard from the play store , since the stock samsung one is not very good .
with as advanced of a phone as the s3 is , you should not be experiencing much , if any , lag at all . chances are , it is something you have or have not done to the phone . 1 . try restarting it . often times , ram will remain in use even when applications are no longer being used . restarting it will bring your phone back to where it is not using ram from all the apps you have been using since the last time you restarted it . 2 . you said that you clear your cache . . . i am assuming you mean ram cache , versus data cache . android 's way of memory ( ram ) cache " clearing " is not always ( or even often ) entirely effective . an app i have fell in love with for cleaning out ram ( as well as it is anti-virus abilities ) is 360 mobile security - antivirus , which you can download from the app store . it'll force out memory in ways many apps do not , and also gives you the benefit of having an anti-virus program built in . root gives more functionality to it , but you said you do not use root , but i thought i would throw that out there for anyone reading this that might have root . 3 . update your android system . 4.1.2 is not known for it is " buttery smooth interface and performance " . settings --> about phone --> update ( may be in status tab ) will likely be able to update android 's platform for you . if not , outside of rooting and changing your rom , guess you will be stuck with 4.1.2 unless your carrier provides an update service for you . 4 . check your settings . there is things in the developer 's options menu that'll effect transition speed , which can give appearances like lag . developers options --> window/transition animation scale is the place you want to check . x1 seems to be a standard setting , but the lower you go , the faster the system will react visually , and ( when available ) , i set mine to x . 25 , but that is not always an option ( in roms ) , where-as x . 5 usually is available . use x . 5 if x . 25 isnt available . there is a couple other things in developer 's options that could help you out too , take a look around . 5 . keep on researching the issue if this does not help . the answers are out there .
the simplest way would have been using the contacts ' app integrated export/import functionality : on the " source device": open contacts , open menu , select " export/import " , export to sdcard . this will export your entire contact list ( including photos ) to a .vcf file in the root of your sdcard . copy the resulting *.vcf file to the " target device " on the target device : open contacts , menu , export/import , import from sd . chose the file . done . see also : transferring contacts how can i transfer my all contacts from old htc wildfifre android 2.1 to lg optimus vu moving from one droid to another
i think what you should try and i just did and it works really fine is the mobile-trans application with it you get even to transfer the apps , videos , messages , call logs and a lot more stuff and you get it exactly as is . though you will have to connect your android devices to a computer with two usb cables . you could also use dropbox on your s3 to save all your contacts in a cloud server as a vcf file ( above ) , then sign in into the dropbox account using your nexus 5 and save the contacts in there , google should work fine .
you use your gmail account to configure your contacts from one android phone to another . login into you google account from your galaxy s3 phone . sync your contacts with your gmail account . import contacts from your gmail account to your nexus 5 by syncing your nexus 5 with your gmail account . get access to all your contacts .
several ways actually . the most simple way i found was to sync all your addresses to a google account . if you do not have one create one . on the s3: <code> from settings scroll down and choose accounts and sync . choose add account . choose google . choose existing to add an existing account . type in the email id of the account . fill in password and sign in . </code> on the other device , simply sync to the account again . all your contacts will be pulled in .
just login the same google account on two different phones . google account will sync them automatically . https://www.google.com/contacts/ you may check more above . alternatively , you can follow the tutorial below . how to transfer contacts from samsung galaxy to nexus
you can use superbackup application from appstore . it stores almost evrything in seperate csv files , that way you can change your devices on fly , and still wont loose any data . goodluck
have you looked at music off , i am sleeping ! - seems to do what you are looking for .
i think you need to buy one of these mhl to hdmi converters - it mentions that it specifically supports your device .
the samsung galaxy y is a low spec phone and most importantly this can be observed with its display . some common models in comparison ( by resolution , pixel per inch , screen size , price ) : galaxy y : 240x320 , 132 ppi , 3.0in , 110eur galaxy ace : 320x480 , 165 ppi , 3.5in , 190eur galaxy nexus : 720x1280 , 316 ppi , 4.65in , 410eur the text is blurry because there are much less pixels per inch to allow it to display text beautifully . you most probably can see individual pixels without a magnifying glass in comparison to " hd " displays like the galaxy nexus ' and such .
yes . the text is blurry in samsung galaxy phone . if the text is not eligible in any apps you can use zoom option . or you can buy other costlier smartphones mentioned above .
one of my family members had the same problem , sd card misbehaving , then working for a few days , on and off . after a week or so the phone did not read the card at all and neither did the pc . fortunately i backed up the content of the card after the first problem . the card worked for about a month after formatting , but died eventually . i do not know what causes this . i do not know how to stop it . i know what you should do : a backup .
try this : how to change shutdown animation as it says , you will find the location of the animation is "/system/media/video/shutdown "
i assume what is happening is that you see the left and middle of the photo on the leftmost homescreen , middle in the centre homescreen and middle and right of the photo on the rightmost homescreen . in which case there is an app called wallpaper wizardrii which allows the cropping and stretching of wallpapers to fit so they do not scroll with homescreens . check it out .
as it turns out , the problem was caused by deleting wpa_supplicant . wikipedia can offer a little insight on what that means : in addition to being a full-featured wpa2 supplicant , it also implements wpa and older wireless lan security protocols . it further is responsible for the job to review a list of currently visible networks , select one of them , provide any additional security information needed to authenticate with the network ( e . g . a passphrase or username and password ) and add it to the preference list to enable automatic reconnection in the future . as it is said : curiosity killed the cat -- and deleting wpa_supplicant makes it quite impossible to use wifi . there are three corresponding files on android : /system/bin/wpa_supplicant is a binary ( i.e. . the program itself ) /system/etc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf is the default configuration ( as the path correctly suggests , in the read-only /system area ) , which also includes device-specific settings , plus some " inline documentation " in form of comments /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf is located in the writable part . it repeats some of the contents from the system file ( most likely copied from there on initialization -- as /data gets completely wiped on a factory reset , those things must come from somewhere ) , but skips the comments . furthermore , this file memorizes those networks you have connected to , including ssid , encryption used , and the passwords , all in plain text [ sic ! ] -- that is where those " wifi password recovery " apps get their information from so if the latter config was deleted , it simply would be re-created after a boot . of course , all your saved networks would be lost -- but that is a minor issue compared to the others : if the system-config file gets lost , the binary does not now where to look for the interface , as that is configured here ( e . g . ctrl_interface=tiwlan0 ) . this would also explain the missing mac address : no known device , no known mac address . still , recovery from that should not be too hard : there are not too many different interface names , and other settings ( like the chipset used ) can be taken from specifications -- so root provided ( which is the case , or you could not have deleted it ) , you could re-create a matching file with a little try-and-err . if the binary was removed , options are narrow without a backup . having a similar device available running the very same rom , you could extract the binary from there ( the config as well , or course ) . if you have at least an image available for your current rom , you could extract it from there as well . if all above fails : yes , flashing a rom would solve the issue as well -- as this rom should contain the necessary files . it is quite unlikely you damaged your hardware that way .
if there is an app you like by that publisher , open the entry for the app in the market and select " view more applications " . or you can search by name : pub:"Google Inc." 
if it happens when the phone is off it is gotta be a bad hardware connection . i am guessing on of the leads just barely makes contact or something . you may want to get a replacement .
i have seen , with some of my apps that i have developed , a comment be there , and then later on , the comment is no longer visible . and it is not from me marking it as spam , as i have looked on other devices too , just to confirm . so it would look like that after " x " number of " spam/unhelpful " votes , it gets removed .
i can not tell for sure but i think that voting helpful and unhelpful affects the sort order of the market comments , at least in the web version of the android market . i see many comments that are older than the most recent listed on first or second position . maybe because these comments received many helpful votes . marking comments as spam will remove them immediately for you and maybe if the comment receives more spam marks it will be removed completely . this is my assumption . if you have some official links that explain the functionality let us know . : )
you can not do much . you need to have new rom with googleplay for that device .
i am english , but a southerner with a fairly rp accent , and using voice recognition for google searching is pretty accurate for me . unfortunately this sounds like it is an accent thing . i know google offer their 411 directory voice service in the us , apparently one of the main benefits of this for them is that they can capture a huge amount of speech and use it to train their voice recognition with the words that people really use , in the accents they really use . until they start offering something like that over here i do not think their british regional accents are going to get better very quickly . update 15 dec 2010 : things are changing . google are starting to trial a new version of google voice that does personalised voice recognition and learns based on the way you pronounce words . unfortunately as it is a trial this for us android 2.2 users only at the moment , but hopefully it should be going out to the rest of the world if this trial is successful . if you are an english speaking android 2.2 user in the us , you can get the update here .
the method really relies on what handset are you using . and keeping your contacts on the sim card is one main reason for not being able to add photos to your contacts . anyways , navigating to any contact of your contacts and editing it then clicking on the silhouet will do the trick .
an alternative to gary 's method is to use " set as " . you can open the gallery app , select a photo and then pick menu > more > set as > contact icon . you can then choose the contact to apply it to . the " set as " option is sometimes available from other applications ( i have a media gallery app on my xt720 that has it ) .
open the stock people app ( i.e. . navigate to your contact list ) > select the contact > select edit contact > select the camera icon in the top left corner . your options are gallery ( find an image already on your phone ) or camera ( take a picture of the contact ) . hope it helps !
http://www.android-x86.org/ this is the only android distribution for intel/amd processors that i am aware of . it has little support , but is actively maintained . the latest version is a release candidate for android 2.3 . obviously hardware support is hit and miss . for what it is worth it runs very well on my eee pc . you can install the iso to a usb drive with unetbootin , or use a drive imaging tool with the . img file .
i went to a cricket retailer ( not an official store ) for an unrelated issue with my new phone and , interestingly enough , they can , and will , flash the stock rom back onto my phone . so , problem solved and lesson learned !
looks like it has been reported as a swiftkey bug for the nexus 10 as well . your best best is probably wait to get this fixed . i suggest you click the vote button in their support site to increase the bug 's priority . i just added 3 votes for you ! note : i do not use swiftkey . i use go keyboard .
got to the bottom of this . if your data connection is not on when someone sends you an mms , the download has a tendency to hang . if you shut off the connection to save battery or have any app that does this ( like juice defender ) , this will happen to you a lot . go into the mms app 's settings and turn off the " auto retrieve " option for mms and you should be right as rain .
i just had this same problem . apps worked this morning . i noticed that my 3g was not working during lunch so i shut off phone and took battery out . booted back up and i noticed that the apps on my sd card would not load . i rebooted , took out battery and sd card couple more times times . nothing seem to work . so i googled the topic and found this forum page . gave up because i did not see any resolution . by the time i got back to work ( approx . 30 mins . ) and had time to google other solutions , i went back to my app manager and the app icons suddenly re-appeared and seem to function properly . ? ? ? it is like the sd card just needed time to boot up ? lol . like 30 minutes . anyway . i am on an lg optimus slider running android version 2.3.4 .
there is . all that has to be done is having the media scanner run and update the index . turning the device off and on again triggers this , but ( as you said ) is not a very convenient way . unmounting/mounting the sd card would trigger it as well ( and can be done via settings&rarr ; storage ) -- already a little better , but still not very user-friendly . the most easy way would be to have an app like e.g. rescan media taking care for it . rescan sd might be even more convenient , as it offers a widget . just tap it , wait for the scan to finish , and your mp3 file should be visible from your music players .
i switched to htc one ( m7 ) and the included htc player updates its files automatically . it also has a nice circle round the play button saying how far into the track it currently is . google should play catchup .
" why " is not a question well suited for our site , as it probably is a speculative question and such off topic ( see our [ faq ] ) . although , a short technical explanation : the company building your rom decided such . " how can i disable them " would be better fitting , and even has answers : if you cannot disable them from settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , you will need to root your device . having done that , there are several apps available allowing you to " freeze " unwanted system apps . the most well-known of them is titanium backup which , as a side-effect , provides you with a powerful backup solution . another candidate for that is app quarantine root/freeze .
personalize ( lower right button on home screen ) shortcut settings running services this adds a shortcut to the running services screen to my home screen , htc thunderbolt with sense 2.0 ui
the fastest way i know is from the home screen click menu-> settings-> applications-> running services . there are some task manager applications , though from what i have read they may be more trouble than their worth as far as bugginess and/or eating through your battery quickly .
goto settings> location and security> device administrators remove the check mark from afaria , and select deactivate , then remove the application
i have an htc kaiser ( at and t tilt ) that i had google maps installed on . google maps gave me the number of satellites that it could see in parentheses at all times . when i used my phone 's internal gps , i would get about 4 satellites , when i would use an external bluetooth gps , i would get about 12 satellites . when i use my tomtom , i get about 7 . the number of satellites is the biggest deal for getting good location ; the more the better . i never tried an external gps antenna on my htc kaiser to see if it was just the antenna that was the issue or if it was something else . the program called " gps status " available from google play store , will show you how accurate your gps is at any given time . the number of bins with green bars in them is the number of satellites that your phone can " hear/see " at any given time and then it also gives you the accuracy in meters on the display .
assisted gps ( agps ) chips that you find in most cell phones require some assistance from the cell phone network ( the towers ) to get an initial fix . no matter how accurate they are , they will not work well without a cell tower in range compared to a stand-alone gps chipset .
the gps chip used in the android devices ( usually sirf star 3/4 ) are of civilian grade . civilian grade chips has some deliberate limitations in par with military grade chips . the civilian chips does have some intentional errors called " selective availablity " . hence , whether it is android or iphone or bluetooth gps receiver or a dedicated unit which could be handheld or the one in car comes under civilian category which cannot be more accurate than 20 meters under the best possible satellite lock ( of course , with agps it can be improved ) . please check the wikipedia article which says " . . . improving the precision of civilian gps from 100 meters ( 330 ft ) to 20 meters ( 66 ft ) . " iphone uses broadcom 's bcm4750 chip and android phones ( samsung galaxy s2 ) uses sirf star 4 . interestingly , a web page claims " the published steady state position accuracy of the bcm4750 is 2m . " , which in my opinion could not be correct . in this research publication it is said as " iphone 4 exhibits an offset ( of about 20 metres ) " , which seems to be more scientific and correlates with the wikipedia page . however , all these talks are about hardware aspect only . it is the software that reads the input from chip , processes it and displays . if it is not doing a good job , well , still it spoils the show . so , finally my answer would be again be a question " if all these civilian gps devices cannot be accurate by more than 20 meters , does it mean anything to say x is good and y is bad ? ; - ) " update thanks to @ropo i observe that selective availability is indeed removed . here is the official statement , which says : selective availability ( sa ) was an intentional degradation of public gps signals implemented for national security reasons . in may 2000 , at the direction of president bill clinton , the u.s. government discontinued its use of selective availability in order to make gps more responsive to civil and commercial users worldwide . the united states has no intent to ever use selective availability again . in september 2007 , the u.s. government announced its decision to procure the future generation of gps satellites , known as gps iii , without the sa feature . doing this will make the policy decision of 2000 permanent and eliminate a source of uncertainty in gps performance that had been of concern to civil gps users worldwide . please take a look at a question at stackoverflow as well .
i do suppose you went to settings > wireless and networks > mobile network settings and have " enable always-on mobile . . " checked on ?
i find moving the cursor to a particular place in some text far more accurate using the trackball than trying to select it by prodding the touchscreen . i would say that there might not be a specific use case which can not be accomplished using only the touchscreen but that there are certainly tasks for which using the trackball is easier . it is all probably quite subjective though , and depends on user preference .
i suppose to best " answer " your question , the trackball is there to assist when the touch screen is not accurate enough . it also exists to give people more choice when scrolling and or selecting . personally , i never use it for that but instead use it for trackball wake . not having to push the power button every time to turn the screen on is a god-send . i , like others here , also run led customizations to notify me of specific things .
a lot of devices ( like most of the galaxy s family ) actually do not have a trackball/pad at all now . i very rarely used the trackball on my old htc magic , and have not missed its absence at all on my galaxy s . it is not needed these days , the touchscreen is enough .
i wager that it was a way to attract blackberry users .
beside moving the cursor in a textbox it is also nice as blinking orb of information . for mine if it is blinking blue i have a tweet waiting and if it is purple that is a google voice message , etc . and it blinks red and then blue and then green i have three things waiting . armed with that kind of information i can make a decision about if it worth getting the " stare of death " from my wife if i pick it up at dinnertime . what i really need is to have it blinking red if a new angry birds is available at the market .
as usual : try with tasker . tasker can react on " network near " ( check for wifi ssid ) , you also can check signal levels and react depending on that . this way you could not even check whether a certain wifi network is in reach , but also how strong its signal is -- which might prove helpful e.g. in an office building with multiple wifi networks to determine which room you are in .
2 suggestions which are more workarounds than answers : set up the mail app to access ( and send from ) your gmail account via imap , or send the contact to your gmail account using the ' mail ' option ( i.e. . from whatever account you do have set up ) and then forward it on from there .
in the end , having tried a few things , i installed a free app called qr code ( barcode for the app : http://db.tt/sncfbds ) and used that to create and send a mail with it attached . again , a work around rather than a direct solution but thought i would share what i did . this has the limitation that you can not share contacts which you have lots of data stored for unless you only choose to share a couple if bits of info ( which qr code lets you do ) . the answer seems to be that you can not use your gmail unless you do so via imap , so i have marked matt h 's as an answer .
i thought proprietary software can not be distributed alongside a gplv2 linux kernel which android runs on top of . no , the so-called " viral " nature of gpl does not apply to things that are merely distributed together : it only comes into play when statically linking gpl and other code into a single binary . including non-free kernel modules and non-free apks in a linux system such as android is perfectly fine . if it were not ok , this would be a problem for desktop linux distributions as well , which often rely on non-free drivers for certain hardware ( most commonly gpus ) , and non-free user-space applications ( such as skype ) .
in the messaging app , access menu > settings > text message limit and set it to a higher number you like . hope this helps .
sometimes you need to lock and unlock the tablet to have it connect . if you are running any sort of task manager , disable it . can you post some screenshots ?
is it charging ? if not check the cables and replace them or check if the usb port is not damaged . did you try to unlock ( android device ) it after you connected it to the pc ? it wont be displayed to the pc unless you unlock it .
i do not know that lg makes the lock screen configurable like that , but you could always try a lock screen replacement . something like widgetlocker or lockbot might do the trick for you . lockbot has a free version , so i would start with that and see if it does what you want .
as izzy said internal storage usually refers to /data , it is the partition where apps are installed and where they keep their private data . also /storage/sdcard0 could be part of internal phone memory , called phone storage it is an emulated sdcard ( i can not tell if in your case that is emulated sdcard or real ) to make a raw backup of your data you need to know which block contains that partition , you can check it with this command : cat /proc/emmc  result should contain lines like this : emmc_p7: 001a4c00 00300000 "usrdata" emmc_p8: 004a4c00 0358dd00 "fat"  this gives you partition number p7 , now you can use this command to list blocks :  cat /proc/partitions  result should contain :  179 7 1572864 mmcblk0p7 179 8 28077696 mmcblk0p8  in this case to backup /data aka emmc@usrdata contained in mmcblk0p7 block you can use this command : dd if=/dev/block/mmcblk0p7 of=/storage/sdcard0/usrdata.img  supposing sdcard0 is working properly and there is enough space . after that usrdata . img can be mounted in a linux box with : sudo mount -t ext4 -o loop usrdata.img ./folder  p.s. you might check how to use adb so you can open a console on your computer and issue commands to your phone connected with usb .
" internal storage " usually refers to the /data partition . unfortunately , your output is a little " cropped " and thus not easy to read ( might be helpful to copy/paste it as text ) . it should correspond to the line reading emmc@usrdata /data ext4 rw,relatime,noauto_da_alloc,data=ordered 0 0  which unfortunately does not show the block device ( unless emmc@usrdata can be addressed as such ; guess the missing character in front is a / ? ) . interesting fact to see is your /system partition is mounted read-write as well – usually it is mounted read-only , so it should not be affected by such trouble . /cache can be ignored ( or simply wiped/formatted without losing any data , as it only holds " temporary stuff" ) . the */vold/* devices usually refer to your external sdcard , just for completeness , and entries using a file system like tmpfs or devpts are also safe to ignore ( they are created on-the-fly on boot ) , similarly for rootfs , proc , sysfs , and afaik also cgroup . using this rule , there is not much left to " backup and copy " ; )
go to phone &gt; menu &gt; call settings &gt; internet call settings &gt; accounts
options : disable the default email app - settings> apps> email> " disable " remove the email account - settings> accounts> " remove the email account " i will add any other ways that i think of if i figure out other possible options to handle the problem .
more of a photography question than an android question , i think . remember that hdr is high dynamic range , essentially your camera takes 3 ( or more ) pictures at different exposures : one normal , one bight , one dark ( ev -1,0 , +1 ) . it then combines all of these to create an image that represents what ' what your eyes see ' by bringing out the dark parts of the photo with the light copy and dimming the bright parts with the dark copy ( a simplified explanation ) . with the images you have shown me , it seems as if you are shooting directly into a light source , and while this works if you want to shoot a silhouette , it is not the best option for hdr style photography unless you have control on how to edit the highlights/shadow -essentially photoshop type post-processing . this is not very conducive to hdr imaging , and thusly will produce ' bad ' ( not desired ) images . i would suggest taking a picture where the light source is behind the phone ( not aimed at the lens ) as a hdr comparison . to explain for the difference between stock camera hdr and best hdr pro , my thoughts go to the hdr algorithm . i assume that both apps have a different way of processing hdr images , and from the looks of it , the stock camera is using an algorithm that avoids the use of noise while best hdr pro is pushing either iso or brightness up to give a more hdr like look . like i stated before , take images with light coming in from different directions and try to take images with quite a bit of detail ( flowers , landscapes , ect . ) to get a good comparison . that should help you decide on the performance of the apps themselves .
you can use bluestacks ; works as emulator .
you could install the android sdk and run an instance of android through the emulator . probably not the simplest solution but the emulator usually runs pretty well for developers .
the message means that your internal and/or external sd card are being scanned for media files . if you have recently added a lot of files , this can take some time . if this is not the case , the indexing might be broken . i would suggest backing up your data from the phone 's internal storage and your sd card , formatting both and trying again . if the problem persists , do a full factory reset . otherwise , try adding the data from the backups to the phone and see if the camera still works . if i remember correctly , you can find the setting to format the internal memory in Settings -&gt; Storage -&gt; Internal memory -&gt; Format and the full factory reset in Settings -&gt; Security -&gt; Factory reset , but these depend on your android version and might be relocated somewhere else .
i have had same problem . i wrote about it and it is solution in this document which i shared here . all you need to reset is that media scanner : Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage applications &gt; All &gt; Media Storage: Force stop &amp; Clear data . then , reboot .
go to Settings &gt; Applications, Manage application, All, Media storage &gt; Clear data . most of the times , it helps solve the problem .
was having same problem and read somewhere that problem was solved by deleting corrupt picture file . i deleted a few recent pics and still had problem . remembered that i recently backed up phone for 1st time and had that file stored on external sd card . deleted file , no more constant media scanning . apologies if similar posted .
i had the same problem and none of these fixes worked . it turns it that my spotify was the problem . it had crashed and could not find the media files i had downloaded . i uninstalled spotify and that solved the problem .
go to the settings app , select the " all " tab , find media storage or media and force stop it . then reboot and the problem should be fixed .
initially i cannot even open camera application on my lg g2 . it keep saying " try again after scanning media files " use media library repair scanner https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.azend.refreshmusic you do not need to root phone just click on refresh button and let media scanner start scanning and finished .
this is not an android problem at all . you can simply run the commands from flash-all . sh by hand , changing each one to name fastboot by its full path , or you can set the $PATH in your shell . PATH="$PATH:/Applications/Android Developer Tools/sdk/platform-tools/" ./flash-all.sh  you should also check that the fastboot executable is executable . this probably will not be the case if you have extracted the files onto a non-ext partition . the following output is a correct example : note the x in the fourth column , and that the files are owned by the user i am running as .
you might wish to give the external keyboard helper a try . take a look at this screenshot ( click for large variant ) : external keyboard helper ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant ) that is just two of its setting screens . see the second entry in the first ? chose keyboard layout . that is what you are looking for . and it should only apply to the external keyboard , while leaving your " software keyboard " untouched .
are you using stock / default keyboard ? open the keyboard settings ( in the keyboard , it is the cogwheel/gear icon to the left of the space bar ) . go to General settings &gt; Input languages and select english .
let me suggest you russian keyboard app . it allows you to choose different layouts for hardware and software keyboards ( one or multiple ) . it supports any layout ( including your own ) . and it is free . the only thing you should know is that selected layouts work as long as the app is selected as a current input method .
the best way to use two different languages either on a smartphone or on a tablet is from device standard settings , with device keyboard and also with external usb and bluetooth keyboard . to use more than one language follow the images : [ i can not post images yet ] General Settings -&gt; Language and input -&gt; Option of Samsung keyboard -&gt; Input languages  here you can chose between many languages . so you have setted correctly . now to use one or the other language when you write is very easy , you have to slide with finger on the spacebar of the device keyboard .
yes , it decreases standby time because wifi is one of the more significant things draining the battery . as long as wifi is enabled , your phone is constantly scanning for new networks and " listening " on tcp ports . additionally it will be sending data from applications , requesting updates , etc . ; and if you have the play store set to automatically update apps then it will also be downloading and installing apps , which also significantly drains the battery . i suggest to use juicedefender or an equivalent app if you are experiencing poor battery life .
as jamesryan pointed out , leaving wifi connected and inactive uses less battery than if it has to keep searching for an ap . i use a htc desire and initially had my wifi set to sleep after 15min , but then realised that every time i unlocked my phone it would wake the wifi , and in turn it would start searching for an ap . afterwards , i set wifi to never turn off - this actually resulted in more battery power left at the end of the day ( even with the occasional sync of my accounts - email , twitter etc ) .
this has been my experience with htc 's evo : wifi uses less power compared to 3g when actively downloading/uploading large amounts of data . even when doing a lot of browsing . however , unlike 3g , the wifi radio never goes to sleep . so when you are not actively downloading data , it is best to turn it off . this is unlike gps and bluetooth where if they are not being used , they do not use much power at all .
turning off anything that is not in use will generally increase battery life . also remember that the biggest drain on the battery is generally the display . setting your brightness to the lowest level ( or at least auto ) can do a lot to save your battery life . also , if you typically connect to wifi at home , but do not have access at your work , there are apps that can automatically turn off the wifi radio ( among other things ) in the morning , then turn it back on in the late afternoon/early evening . i use advanced volume mode scheduler to do this .
wifi uses significantly less power then 2g or 3g and in fact uses less while connected and inactive than when it is searching for an ap . so i leave it on all the time and my battery lasts longer .
by my experience it seems that if wifi is connected to a network then leaving it on will improve standby time as all the periodic data access that an android phone does will go through wifi . and accessing data over wifi is more battery efficient than 2g/3g/lte . on the other side , if wifi is not connected to a network then it will constantly search for one and decrease the standby time . so what i try to do is to leave wifi on whenever i think i will be around a known wifi ap for some time but i leave it off the rest of the time . the drawback is that it forces me to change the setting at least a couple times per day .
yes , i would imagine leaving wifi on all the time would drain the battery faster . even if you are not actively connected to an access point ( ap ) , the phone is still constantly scanning all the aps in the vicinity of where you are and that takes energy .
the general rule is to turn off what you are not using .
according to this thread , you need to use software like pdanet to get it to work .
gingerbread does have support for arabic . i have used it on my phone . however each supported language comes with files and such that need to be downloaded and installed . each rom is doing to be bundled with different language packs by default depending on where they expect the rom to be used . if your rom is from a country specific carrier , do not expect many languages ! the rom i use comes in four flavors with about 25 languages each , and you download the version that has the languages you care to use . i use the one that has middle-east languages rather than the one that has eastern european ones for example .
where do you live , what is your carrier , and how did you upgrade to 2.3.4 ? normally us firmware will not have arabic , for example , since it would be wasting space on 99% of people 's phones in the us . that does not mean you can not add it . i think this page provides a method for doing it , but i can not read arabic :p
broadcom , qualcomm , imagination 's powervr , nvidia 's tegra , and arm 's mali gpus all have partially ( mostly ) closed-source drivers . in general , the only open-source code in the driver is any vendor extension to the gl and egl header files , and a gpl'ed shim that can be loaded into the kernel to allow it to communicate with the binary-only driver . vendors often contribute related code to upstream projects , though , such as x windows direct rendering code , or the android graphics subsystem . most of the gpu vendors are afraid that open-sourcing their drivers will reveal details of how their technology works , which will provide leverage for patent trolls to make spurious claims that parts of the gpus or drivers infringe their patents . for this reason , it is unlikely that any drivers will be open-sourced fully unless/until this risk changes . there are no rules for open-sourcing all the code for an android device . it would be very difficult to make a completely open-source device . even if gpu drivers were open , most ( if not all ) cell radios have binary-only firmware for regulatory reasons : if you could change the drivers , you could make them run on illegal channels , or exceed the maximum permitted transmit power .
i am confused by this though it would explain some things . running the same app on my nexus7 and my galaxy nexus , both on jellybean , the phone sees log output from all apps , the tablet does not . this would say that it is not jellybean its the nexus7 . backing this up , i have just checked and they both have different kernels . the tablet , with a newer one . maybe its the updated kernel that , means logs do not appear . guess i will have to root after all : (
no , for security reasons it is not possible to access android log files on the nexus 7 ( or any other device running jelly bean or higher ) without root access . google changed that with jelly bean . i would suggest you wait until logcat readers like alogcat and such get fixed ( i.e. . they will require root access to show all logs then ) . from aisec-tr-2012-001-android-os-security . pdf - 3.3 android permission model : the read_logs permission can substitute the following on many devices , depending on the android version and thus the standard apps’ versions installed : read_contacts get_tasks – every started activity is listed in the system’s logs read_history_bookmarks – opening new web pages is a browser activity and thus logged read_sms all solutions below require root access : you need to either run logcat as root in a shell or manually grant it via the shell pm command ( root required ) works also ( see xda , exchange org . jtb . alogcat . donate with the app 's pkg name ) : pm grant org.jtb.alogcat.donate android.permission.READ_LOGS this is for the lazy ones and not suggested : if you are desperate , careless and lazy , you can fix it by giving every app the read_logs permission by applying this ugly and insecure hack ( chainfire via twitter ) : chmod 04755 /system/bin/logcat to quote cyanogenmod developer koushik dutta 's g+ post : did the android log permissions/behavior change in jellybean ? it seems that if an application runs " logcat " now , it can see only the log entries created by its uid . log lines from other uids are not shown . basically , it seems to be filtered now . i have the same permissions as usual . also confirmed the same thing is happening in other log collector apps .
i had exactly the same issue here , on my asus fonepad tablet . it happened from the beginning , with few 3rd party apps installed and different sd cards . my workaround was to set " wcdma only " in the settings ; )
i would indeed verify first that this is not related to some 3rd party app or any other than stock rom . for this do a complete reset and try again . also try with a smaller sd card since 16gb might not be supported by your phone ( need to check specs for that , i do not know ) . you can make a backup to get it back to your personalized settings quick . if you can confirm the stock rom and default settings do have this bug too you can report this to htc . otherwise you will have to solve it on your own , looking what app/setting is getting this result .
scandisk ? you sure ? did you mean sandisk ? can you absolutely vouch for the authenticity of the sd card ? there are plenty of ' fakes ' - usually low grade/slow branded as faster cards . theres a good guide to spotting fakes here ebay guide
i uninstalled google+ from my phone , and it fixed the problem .
was having same problem opening pictures attached to text message : Media Not Found and/or Google+ has stopped working . removing the updates solved the problem .
there are multiple options : the very extreme : uninstalling google+ as described by miguel 's answer . this will work because the new " photos " app is part of google+ ; an uninstalled app can no longer be the default one . installing another gallery app ( there are plenty of nice alternatives available , like e.g. quickpic ) . as this introduces an additional option , the system will ask you again which app to use . go to settings→apps , switch to the " all " tab . scroll to the photos app ( if not found , try the google+ app ) , open its entry , and " clear defaults " . no additional install/uninstall required , this will simply " undo " your action as requested . take a look at default app manager , which allows you the same in a more convenient way ( e . g . much easier when you do not know which app holds the default ) .
1 ) on which physical storage does " memory " sit when the specs say " memory " , it is referring to the ram that the device has . this is not persistent storage , it is " volatile " storage , which loses its information when unpowered ( after a brief discharge time ) . ram is memory the system and apps use to function , for things like storing the state of an application ( variables , functions , etc ) , graphics buffers , and the like . most mobile systems on a chip will have the ram attached directly to the cpu die to make it as fast as possible . as per the specs : the device has 1 gb of ram available to the system and running apps . it reports less than this because the system reserves some for things like the cellular radio and the graphics chip , which it will not give to user processes . the hardware info app is reporting the amount of ram available to user processes . 2 ) on which physical storage does " internal storage " sit in this case , " internal storage " and " sd storage " refer to the same physical storage area . this is persistent storage , generally flash or emmc based , that is soldered onto the motherboard . the storage chip is partitioned into two pieces , which you can visualize roughly like so : internal storage is where apps and their private data are stored ; e.g. it is the /data partition . sd storage is accessible via usb when attached to a computer , and is where media ( music , photos , videos , etc ) , downloads , and any non-private app data will be stored . again , looking at your specs , you can see that : the device has 16 gb of storage . that is , it has a 16 gb storage chip embedded in it . of that , 2 gb is partitioned as " internal memory " for apps the remaining is partitioned for " sd storage " ( 13 gb , in your case , probably due to filesystem overhead and such ; this is very common ) . this partitioning scheme as become somewhat less common since android migrated to media transfer protocol for providing access to the storage from a pc . the reason the separate partitions were originally necessary is because android used ums in the earlier versions ( anything &lt ; 3.0 ) , which requires block-level access to the storage space , meaning android had to unmount the storage space that it provided to the pc . a consequence of this was that the entire partition could not be given to the pc because android would basically cease to function until you unplugged your phone if it did . the storage space and the ram are unrelated to one another , and are not on the same physical chip . they serve entirely different purposes .
in google chrome for android , go to Settings &gt; Content settings &gt; Website settings . select the website in concern , and clear the data / cache for it .
you can remove them , you just need to root your device and then download titanium backup and you will be able to clean them out completely ! 1 ) how to root your phone ? depends on your device ! 2 ) stop updates ? go to apps , find samsung apps and there you have an option to specify when to update them ! choose none and you are good to go .
you cannot remove those apps normally . what you can do is - disable them , at least you will not be getting annoying notifications . open application manager -> all -> chaton and click on disable if you really want to purge them . you have to root your device .
currently , the default google launcher does not allow any customisation . in order to go to a particular screen , you need a custom launcher . there is no other way around it .
only applies if you have a samsung phone or tablet running kitkat samsung has released a new app that can share your screen to your computer or between android devices . this app is free and very responsive ! it can be used on wifi and usb , and has many more uses . just remember , this is only for samsung devices running kitkat . the following devices are working : galaxy note 3 , galaxy s5 , galaxy s4* galaxy notepro ( 12.2 ) , galaxy tabpro ( 8.4/10.1/12.2 ) , galaxy tab 4 ( 8.0/10 . ) links : google play samsung website
you can use teamviewer for remote control for this . download the app for your phone from the link and download the software for your pc from http://www.teamviewer.com on screen tips will show you how to proceed with remote sharing . both the devices must be connected to wifi .
desktop and server systems have a completely different usage model , and they have system administrators to mediate access between users and applications ( by setting appropriate group permissions , etc ) . with android there is no room for that kind of thing - your biggest target user base is completely non technical , and security is a must . so things default to high security - no app can fool with another 's data . further , mobile apps tend to be small , and focused on one task , so limiting them to just their own data is not much of a hardship .
why does every application run as a separate user ? because android enforces a far stronger process isolation as traditional ( desktop ) operating systems like unix , linux or windows , while still allowing interaction between applications ( ipc is one of the strengths of android ) secured by a good security model . if it is for security reasons , so that one application cannot harm another ? it is mostly for privacy reasons , but also comes in handy from a security perspective . the strong isolation of apps in android guarantees that no app can affect another app . why is it not like that in the desktop linux distros ? most modern desktop multi-user systems have the focus on isolating users . processes are also isolated , but not as strong as on android . for example , if you install a program on linux or windows , it will have full access to your private user data . on android , if not special permission is granted , it will have only access to its own data . a while ago , the fact that android apps that request the READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE permission also get access to the users pictures residing in /sdcard/DCIM was a big shop stopper . somehow , nobody seemed to remember that under a normal gnu/linux or windows installation , every installed app that is run by the user has full access to it is private data . android is a few steps ahead compared to traditional operating systems when it comes to permissions and access control for normal end-users . typical linux installations for end-users do not expose those features yet . likely because nobody has written nice , user-friendly guis for them . and if there will be ever another windows version after win8 , we likely see a similar permissions system there too .
that is rather a shell scripting question to be asked at super user . your answer can be found here : extract filename and extension in bash : should work on most shells , supposedly . update : you can even omit half of your script by adapting this to your original statements : dexopt-wrapper $i1 ${i1%.*}.odex should create the file with the correct naming , so no need to rename it later . to make your script real short and handy : that is all you should need : )
the only way i think of would be to disable wifi and data while you take your photos and delete those you want to . . . or enable the upload only on wifi , if you are not connected on wifi when you take your photos .
you need to update to 2.3 for play store . or root you os , install xda assistant and uninstall the bundled google market . now install cwm , download and install gappss . it will surely help .
clearing the cache did not work for me but uninstalling updates did work .
clearing the cache worked for me . settings / applications / manage applications / google play store and then clear data .
when it comes to user authentication , mobile browsers are no different from desktop browsers . mobile browsers do not get login credentials from local android accounts . if your primary google account is used automatically , it means you are logged in with this in dolphin browser . simply , go to google . com and sign out , then try again with trello .
at least google chrome beta asks before using automatic sign in . i would recommend the browser anyway , it is much better than any alternative , even though it does not include flash .
the issue persisted even after the 2.2 upgrade . switching to touchdown is one reasonably inexpensive alternative .
i would suggest using k-9 mail , a much better email app than the built-in . on my imap4 accounts , the notifications are cleared when the phone pulls the emails again . have not tried this with a push account , but i would imagine it will work with a possible delay of your pull interval .
how often is your exchange email on your phone syncing to the exchange server ? it may not be going away because the sync is not set soon enough ? my guess is that it does not know that the email was marked as read until it syncs back to the server .
the problem went away after the ics update was pushed out .
might very well be a hardware problem as doing a factory reset also has not helped . it is best to get your phone checked by an authorized technician .
you did not give details on " broken " in which way , but if it is about not charging , or having a flaky connection when charging : there seems to be a common problem with the micro-usb port speciffically in phones . it is very simple , but not so simple to detect . the problem is dust on the " back wall " of the connector on the phone . if you look into it , wou will just see this " wall " , with no dust . chances are that there is dust - like fiber collected from cloth of paper in your pocket over time , but perfectly compressed by hundreds of connecting cycles . looks just like a perfect surface ( in the limited visibility situation in the socket ) . so please do not make an assumption about it and give it a try - use a needle to scratch that " wall " , and see how it reacts . next part may be easy , surprising , and fun ! ( take care of unpowering the device it you use a conducting tool )
if it is possible , and when i am feeling lazy , i just use my camera . otherwise , i use prodo ( it is a task manager ) . i have a widget on my homescreen , and i just touch it when i want to make a quick and short " note " ( or task ) . notes or tasks , it does not matter . when i am done with them , i delete the " note " , or move the data to other apps like evernote or contacts , if necessary .
there are plenty of note taking apps on the play store : evernote , its android widget and all the official evernote apps ( like skitch ) are available on the play store . if you do not want to use evernote you have got the same thing with catch . com . there are its catch notes app and all the other on the play store . you can use the official microsoft onenote app for android if you are a microsoft onenote user . if you do not want online sync , you can use note everything . it is a free app but there is also a pro add-on ( €2.99 ) with more features . you can also try scribb . it which is more of a multipurpose note taking app . its free but you can get a premium key ( €0.85 ) to enhance your experience . google released google keep , its own note taking app too .
if you are willing to compile your own roms , you can definitely build them for the emulator . roms are device-specific , and the emulator is just like another device . if you include the drivers/setup code with the rom , it will boot on the device .
you can not do that . as you already know , roms are built for the specific hardware they run on . they have drivers and settings that only work on that hardware . the emulator only emulates a particular hardware configuration , and requires its own drivers for the emulated hardware . to run a rom file for a phone you had need to change the emulator to emulate the specific hardware of that phone . this is next to impossible without the support of the device manufacturer , and would need to be repeated for each device . alternatively , if you had the source of the rom , you could change it to have the drivers and configuration for the emulator , but then it would not be the production rom any more .
there are a bunch of " headset button controllers " out there in the wild , several are even going by that name . a search for " headset control " will give you a list of candidates . some are generic ones , some are specific to a given headset manufacturer ( but still working with others ) . do not let yourself be disappointed if the first one you chose does not work exactly as you wish , simply try another ( i found mine on the third match ) : it is not that your headset is " incompatible " , it is the combination of headset , device , and app to make the perfect match which might need a couple of tries .
this may or may not be helpful , depending on how much samsung has changed the keyboard , but i can get the guillemets this way : press ? 123 to get to the number/punctuation keyboard long-press the " key to get a popup with non-english quotation marks : &bdquo ; &ldquo ; &rdquo ; &laquo ; &raquo ;
on my galaxy s3 , running 4.1.2 , the stock keyboard has these characters . ( i seem to be mistaken - see comments below . ) when you bring up the numeric keyboard ( from the 123 sym button bottom-left ) , you will , above this same button , find what appears to be a one-third , which is not a fraction , but the indicator that you are on the first of three symbol keyboards . click until you are on 2/3 , and find your characters just above the space key . an image of the specific keyboard ( s ) may be seen below :
apparently the stock keyboard does support it , as wbogacz 's answer shows . i was not aware of this , as i never used the stock keyboard . evidently those are not guillemets on the stock keyboard . i do not believe the stock keyboard supports this . you will need to use an alternative keyboard to get this functionality . using an alternative keyboard is another way to get this functionality which is a bit easier to access . one keyboard i know of that supports it is hacker 's keyboard , which is the keyboard i use myself . to type « and » on that keyboard , you do a long press on the circle button ( at the bottom-right . it acts as the compose key in this context ) , release it , and then type &lt ; &lt ; or > > respectively to get ‹ and › , you do the same and type . &lt ; or . > an exhaustive list of all the supported compose key combinations can be found here .
your native camera app does not support picture effects as the sony devices with jb update . so you have to go for a third party camera app . there are several good apps out there . fisheye camera photo effects pudding camera fxcamera
as far as i know , the gmail app and the mobile version of gmail does not have any way to add filters . you will have to use the desktop/full version of gmail to create filters .
direct way , no . workaround , yes . click menu in your stock android browser or chrome , and check Request Desktop Site .
which model ? try checking from the setting menu > about device ( or your tablet ) > system updates . you will be prompted if there is a firmware update . hoped it helps .
sure are . check out locale or tasker . both are great ( and very powerful ) tools for customizing settings based on location , time , etc . neither are free but are well worth a purchase .
factory reset is the only option that you have . but be sure that all your data is backed up . if you are running on android 2.1 version then you can try erazzer free this app to change the primary google account . but to use this app your phone must be rooted . as you are running on android 1.6 resetting the phone is the only option you have . before doing anything just do a backup of all your data on your phone .
as a fellow android 1.6 user ( i am on an htc magic ) , i can confirm that there is no easy and safe way to change the google account that your phone links to . anything you have saved into google contacts , google calendar , etc can be exported and imported into your other account fairly easy , other settings and data are not so easy . factory resetting your phone is the only real option here , note that if you have bought any apps from the market you are out of luck here . the factory data reset option is under the sd card and phone storage menu , and you really need to be careful about using it for the reasons above .
should be pretty easy . just go to Settings &gt; Accounts &amp; Sync remove the ' dummy ' account add the real account you can even leave the dummy there for now . android supports multiple accounts . note : i am running android 2.1 so the menu options may be slightly different , but the idea and results should be the same .
try this : Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage applications scroll down till you find “google apps” click on it . . . simply hit the " clear data " . . . .
you do not say which lenovo tablet you bought , but according to this review lenovo have disabled multiple user profiles on their yoga 10 tablet in android 4.2 , but may be re-enabling the feature when they update to 4.3: the lenovo yoga tablet launches on the android 4.2.2 operating system , which brings most of jelly bean 's goodness - that candy-based name being the generic term for android version 4.1 to 4.3 , ahead of kitkat 4.4 's launch - but there is the notable exception for multiple user profiles . that is coming , but you will need android 4.3 and we do not know when the yoga tablet will receive this update , which is already available on some smart devices . so it looks like this is not possible on the tablet as customized by lenovo at the moment . why they have done this i do not know , but one common downside to manufacturer modifications and customizations to the android os is that they often make things look flashier but work far worse than stock android . one alternative is looking into loading custom roms that could give you back the feature , but this is a big step if you have not done that sort of thing before , so personally i would not recommend it . see these questions for more on that : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? and what are the advantages of a custom rom over rooted stock ? . alternatively , you could load a second facebook app onto the device that has a different facebook login saved into it . you can only load one copy of the official facebook app on the tablet , but there are quite a lot of third party facebook clients out there in the play store .
seems to be a google issue . there is a blog post on swiftkey 's support site . essentially : the issue is that google play installs paid apps in a particular location on your phone and that in some versions of android ( particularly 4.1 on samsung devices ) this location is not available at the point in the boot process where keyboards are being switched on . so your phone does not know that you have swiftkey , and it defaults back to the phone’s keyboard .
swiftkey recommends : place the swiftkey icon on your home screen , then resetting it as your input method will literally only take two clicks . this is a known issue in android code , and as per https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=34880 will be fixed in the next version of android you receive . ( paraphrased for clarity )
the issue has been reported to swiftkey who have responded with the following : we’ve worked with google to determine the cause of the issue . after researching this in depth , google has told us this is a regression in the android framework . they’ve also assured us that this will be resolved in a future update to the android operating system
the only affordable and reasonably accessible motion sensor i could find is the belkin wemo motion . ian mccracken created an inofficial sdk for the wemo called ouimeaux ( docs , pypi ) . my current plan is to write a tiny application running on a raspberry pi that uses ouimeaux to respond to a signal from the wemo motion and send a push notification to the android device . and then an even simpler android app that responds to the push notification and wakes up the device and turns on the screen . ( the latter might also be doable with tasker instead . ) as a second step , the relevant parts of ouimeaux could be rewritten in java and then it would be possible to connect straight from the app to the wemo , making the raspberry pi superfluous . improvement suggestions welcome , of course . in particular if you know an existing way to wake up an android screen from a python/shell script/otherwise trigger push notification . that sounds too trivial to require writing a new app .
you might want to check out wimoto . they are small , and cheap , bluetooth sensors that come in a few flavours ( temperature , motion sensing , liquid detection etc ) . they say that there is an android app incoming , and that there is going to be an sdk released in the near future for it . then again , if you want something more simple ( and your tablet has a front facing camera ) you could simply use an app . for example ( just after a quick search so have not used it ) camera trigger . hope this helps .
just to let you know i have some up with a simple solution it combines an app from the app store called motion detector by jastrzab : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.motion.detector then install a plugin called turn screen : https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b59hfszaavytyndqqznxwvbkaxm/edit?usp=sharing install both apps . open the motion detector app and turn on " send " at the bottom of settings . click on motion detector ( at the top ) and then scroll down to " camera " and select " front " . open the turn screen app . click the only button to make it active . open android settings , turn off the lock screen or select " none " . change the sleep settings to time out in the desired time . turn off daydream . open the app ( or home screen ) you want to have displayed on the screen when the tablet wakes , and you are all set ! wait for the screen to go to sleep and walk by or wave at your camera and it will wake it up . works great during the day or with the lights on . i am currently working on an external pir motion sensor that will allow the tablet to wake in darkness . simple design so far just uses a cheap pir sensor and a small led light mounted below the camera . when i walk by the pir triggers the led light allowing the camera to see , which triggers motion . hoping to figure out how to eliminate the led and just run the pir directly into the tablet using the headphone jack or usb on the tablet . suggestions welcomed .
depends from which version if for example your going to update to 4.4 . x then yes you should do it . version 4.4 . x has a big leap on any device . check out this kitkat 4.4 . x other versions not so much for example samsung released 4.3 and from 4.2.2 it has downgraded performence . hope it helps .
i am assuming you mean microsd , not sd . sounds like the card is broken . you could try formatting it as ext3 or fat and see if either work . also , see if it works on a pc ( you can get a microsd/usb adapter for next to nothing ) .
same thing happening to me . after updating my galaxy grand to 4.2.2 i can no longer use the phone to format any microsd cards . . . very strange . i need to format to fat32 on pc and then it will work . even if i format to extfat on pc the phone will reject it . as an experiment , i deleted the partition on the microsd card with my pc . i then placed it into my phone . it prompted me that the card was unformated . when i formatted it with the phone all i got was " sd card safe to remove " . i removed the card from the phone and checked it with my pc . the phone did format the partition , but it was set as " other " type . . do not know what to make of this . . .
offhand , it sounds like your battery is still too low a charge to actually turn on . make sure you leave it plugged in and the led is on or pulsing . do not turn it off while charging . if you are still having problems , your best bet is to contact the support team .
to start make sure your device is unplugged . then run : df -h  that will show you the list of currently mounted devices . now plug in your device and run the same command again . you should see that there is a new device mounted . now all you have to do is cd into that mount point to access the files . here is my example output : if for some reason your device is not getting mounted , you should try to download adb : http://www.xda-developers.com/android/installing-adb-on-ubuntu-the-easy-way/ run adb and it should try to manage your android device . adb start 
you can install titanium backup and buy the pro key . it allows to extract app backups from saved cwm nandroid backups . usage : launch titanium backup , menu > more > " extract from nandroid backup "
to unpack a yaffs2 image , you can use the free unyaffs tool , which is available as pre-build elf-binary ( for linux ) from this page at code . google . com . this page also contains hints on how to obtain the source code , so you could build the binary yourself e.g. with gcc ( gcc -o unyaffs unyaffs.c ) . i use this tool myself , it works fine on ubuntu 8.04 32bit as well as ubuntu 12.04 64bit ( with the ia32-libs package installed ) . place the binary e.g. in /usr/local/bin ( which is in your $PATH ) , so you can access it from everywhere . put the image file you want to extract in an empty directory ( unyaffs always seems to extract files directly into the folder the image file is in ) , and then call unyaffs with the image file name as only parameter , e.g. unyaffs data.img . after that , you will find the contents of that file system/image unpacked , and can investigate them -- e.g. sms/mms in data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db multimedia metadata in data/com.android.providers.media/databases/*.db calendar data in data/com.android.providers.calendar/databases/calendar.db as i just investigated a motoblur image , contacts in my case have been stored to data/com.motorola.blur.providers.contacts/databases/contacts2.db -- they are probably in a different location in your case ( a guess : data/com.android.providers.contacts/databases/*.db ) . the sqlite3 command works on them , naturally . if you prefer a graphical frontend , i can recommend you the sqliteman package ( comes with a binary of the same name , which accepts the database file as parameter ) .
what rom was it in the backup ? if the filesystem was ext4 you could mount the img to loopback like this : this is on linux btw , sudo mount -o loop,ro,noexec,noload system.img ~/mountedImageDir  then go into that directory ~/mountedimagedir and you should be able to see the directory structure in there : )
i am guessing there is not a field for birthday in the android contacts app , and when you edit it is replacing the old info with the info on your phone ( which has no birthday due to no field for it ) . here 's the process for reporting bugs at android.com: http://source.android.com/source/report-bugs.html
i am not sure what version of android you are running and not quite sure this is what you are asking but on my ice cream sandwich nexus s if i request a delivery receipt then a little tick appears in the message once it is been delivered . i have got messages from april 18th and they still have the confirmation tick on them so yes android stores them . here 's a screenshot of what they look like on my phone :
you can use one of the " headset button controls " available on the playstore , e.g. jays headset control or philips headset . both allow you to define an app started automatically when your headset attaches , and as well to assign actions on short/long/combined headset button presses . to make that better understandable , let 's take the morse code : . is short , - is long press . so the default configuration e.g. does on . . . . play/pause or answer incoming call - increase volume .- decrease volume .. skip to next title or reject incoming call and more , up to triple combinations . with most of these apps , actions can be freely configured .
the short version of @gathrawn 's nicely complete answer : there is no requirement that nokia 's lumia fails to fulfil in order to be able to run android . the problem is that ( 1 ) nokia has not released an android version compatible with the hardware ( ie , no drivers/firmware for the hardware for android ) and ( 2 ) nokia is fully partnered with microsoft , and so unlikely to either release the info necessary for third parties to develop their own android version for the lumia , nor release an android version themselves as it would violate their agreements with ms to sell phones with a ms os .
because microsoft owns nokia and microsoft 's windows phone and google 's android are strong rivals . https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/news/press/2013/sep13/09-02announcementpr.aspx
just because something is technically possible , that does not mean that it will happen . a large company needs a good financial reason to do something expensive like porting a new os to their devices . and even if there is a financial reason to do it , they may still be stopped for political reasons . in this case the political reason is the overwhelming reason that nokia themselves have not released any android devices , or given any public support to porting android to their devices . back at the start of 2011 microsoft and nokia formed a partnership around windows phone , some points below excerpted from their press release announcing this : nokia and microsoft today announced plans to form a broad strategic partnership nokia would adopt windows phone as its principal smartphone strategy , innovating on top of the platform in areas such as imaging , where nokia is a market leader . nokia and microsoft will combine our strengths to deliver an ecosystem with unrivalled global reach and scale . part of that agreement ( the bullet point above ) was that nokia would ditch their own smartphone os development efforts , and adopt microsoft 's windows phone os as their main os . back before that agreement nokia had a number of smartphone os 's , their main one was the ageing symbian os that came out of a previous industry partnership that included nokia , samsung , motorola , and sony ericsson . they also had internal efforts to create other smartphone/device oss such as meego ( a linux based os ) , and maemo ( also a linux based os ) . development on all of these was either halted , massively cut , or handed off to other companies after the microsoft agreement . more recently ( in september 2013 ) it was revealed that there was an internal team in nokia that were secretly testing android on their lumia phones , as a backup option in case windows phone failed : but nokia 's experimentation with android was not limited to the bottom of the line : the company was also testing google 's platform on its mainstream lumia range to hedge against the possible failure of windows phone . microsoft became aware of that particular effort , but as the testing was early on in the windows phone partnership , it is not believed that it contributed to microsoft 's decision to purchase nokia 's device business . quote from the verge article : nuclear options : microsoft was testing surface phone while nokia experimented with android a team within nokia had android up and running on the company’s lumia handsets well before microsoft and nokia began negotiating microsoft’s $7.2 billion acquisition of nokia’s mobile phone and services business , according to two people briefed on the effort who declined to be identified because the project was confidential . . . . on one level , nokia’s android effort is not shocking . companies often have “plan bs” in the works in case they need to change course on strategy or want to help negotiate better terms with partners . getting android to run on nokia’s hardware was not a herculean engineering effort , according to the people familiar with the project . still , a functioning nokia android phone could have served as a powerful prop in nokia’s dealings with microsoft , a tangible reminder that nokia could move away from microsoft’s windows phone software and use the android operating system , which powers more than three out of every four smartphones sold globally . . . . the current status of nokia’s android project is unclear . presumably , after microsoft completes its acquisition of nokia’s phone business early next year , there won’t be much future for it . excerpts from the new york times article : behind microsoft deal , the specter of a nokia android phone even though it seems that nokia have done a lot of the work to get android running on these phones , the political and financial realities of their partnership with microsoft will mean that the results of that project are unlikely to ever see the light of day . right now microsoft are in the process of buying nokia 's entire phone division , and obviously microsoft have no interest in selling phones running android , so nokia are unlikely to release any phones running android in the foreseeable future . for other info on known efforts to port android to devices that did not originally come with android , see this other question : can i install android on my non-android device ? the short answers are : nokia have not and probably never will release any official way to install android on their devices . they have been close partners with microsoft for years ( and are now being bought by them ) , microsoft want them to use their own competing phone os . android is open source , so yes , you could potentially install it and get it running on any hardware that meets the minimum specs , but before you can do that you ( or someone ) has to put a lot of work in to researching how all of the ( probably bespoke , custom and non-standard ) hardware works so that you can write drivers for that hardware and compile the os for that processor and architecture . some manufacturers that specialize in android devices and want to be hobbyist friendly release their android drivers to the public , or provide information and help for the public to write their own . nokia have no incentive to do this .
if you root your device using one of the more modern methods , then you should have a superuser . apk installed that will prompt you before any apps are given root access . the superuser application also keeps track of the applications that have been given root access . if you do not know about rooting , there is no way you have an apps that uses root except if your phone is a second hand , and the previous owner did not wipe and reinstall a stock firmware .
( this may be os version dependant ) if you go into settings -> applications -> manage applications , you should be able to click on any app whether you installed it via the market or " side-loaded " it , and there is a permissions section if you scroll down that lists them all .
you can see the permissions of installed apps . go to Market -&gt; Menu button, My apps -&gt; select an app -&gt; Menu button, Security  there are also apps called permissions watchdog , and permissions , as per al 's comment .
yes , it is very possible . basically you can flash a rom ( custom or stock ) very easily , and this is equivalent to a full format and reinstall . basic steps would be : acquire preferred rom and transfer to sd card / internal memory reboot into recovery ( hold volume up as you power up the phone ) flash rom this is covered more in depth at these links ( xda is a great resource ) : overall " guides " for the xperia s " guide " to flashing the xperia s ( it is a fairly light-on-detail guide though , it is a very simple process )
this is an issue of login name and server name . after entering your email address and password . do not click next , but click manual setup . the next page should ask for your username , password ( properly fill in for you already ) , and exchange server . Username: &lt;Windows Domain&gt;\&lt;Windows Login&gt; Exchange Server: (you should know, or find out from your Outlook setting)  good luck !
wipe data will wipe everything on your /data partition ( hence the name ) . a factory reset will wipe the same ( additionally also cache and dalvik cache ) , and put your device back to a virgin state . usually , this does not touch the ( external ) sdcard , and afaik should not touch the internal sdcard either . i do not know on which partition your mentioned folder resides ; but if you want to be on the safe side , back up everything to the external sdcard ( or even better off-device , e.g. to your computer ) .
it deletes /data files . if you have a backup in mnt/shell , it will not be deleated . also , you can restore your backup after factory reset .
name your cover files " albumart.jpg " , the gallery will ignore them .
adding a . nomedia file block your music from showing in your media player . i solved the issue by deleting all of my.jpg albumart files in my music folders then letting poweramp download its own albumart , it makes an albumthumbs folder on your internal sd card and saves the images as non-jpg binary files so the android media scanner does not pick them up . my gallery app is clutter-free now ! : )
if you add an empty file called . nomedia to a directory the media scanner will ignore it .
i am afraid you cant because nexus 5 shipped with kitkat and backward compatibility is not supported .
its because nexus 5 not came with jellybean . it was kitkat . that is why you can not find jellybean factory images for nexus 5 . you may try to flash custom jellybean roms ( 4.2.2 ) for nexus 5 if available .
short answer to your questions : in many cases , the camera app itself offers to chose the storage for images/videos . check its settings for an item called " storage " . if it is not there , you could try to use a symlink of the DCIM folder to the sdcard . that is a case for app2sd -- but depends on whether the apps support it or not . you can check this e.g. in settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps . if supported by the app , you should be able to move it out of the " system space " from here . as for where an app is installed by default , mostly depends on two things : what the developer specified in his apps Manifest for the install location ( see app install location in the developer 's documentation ) what the user defined in the android settings as default install location ( see e.g. how to install android apps to the sd card by default and move almost any app to the sd card ) related information : install apps to sd card by default setting default install path in android ( xda-developers ) set the storage card as the default install location in android (socialtimes.com)
i think it was a memory issue . i installed auto memory manager , set it on " mild " and never had the problem again .
yes , you can use google drive , dropbox or skydrive to upload your videos . i think though that the youtube app would be better , just remember to mark your video as " private " . you can even set up an extra google account just for that which you can both use with the same password .
since xvid is just an mpeg-4 type , that is a very good bet . there are probably phones that natively decode h . 264 as well , but given its relative newness and google 's recent disapproval of it , it is not as likely . for more specific information , we had need the model of your phone . you can also just google " droid x chipset " or " htc wildfire specs " , for examples , and then when you find the video chip/processor just google whether it decodes your codec of choice .
http://developer.android.com/guide/appendix/media-formats.html some devices may play more formats , but these are supported by every phone .
go to your web browswer - not on the phone - use a desktop or laptop ( you might be able to do this via phone but have not checked - you would probably need desktop mode if you wanted to try ) - and go to the android market : https://market.android.com/ log in between the search bar and android market you should get the following options apps , books , movies and my library - click on my library . just under the search option you should see purchase history . click on it . you should find a list of the apps and when they installed . this will help you pick up any apps etc that are new . to see the most recently updated apps just go to the market app on your phone , go to my apps ( my downloads - depending on the version of your app market ) and it will list them in the most recent order of updated/installed - with any requiring an update at the top - scroll past these to see the last ones you updated ( if any has an error its possible it might be in the apps to update ) .
if you want to add a shortcut on your home screen to your downloads folder or any other folder for that matter get astro file manager ( free ) . the app is pretty useful on it is own , but it also adds the option to create a shortcut directly to any folder on the homescreen . to do this , simply long click on the homescreen , choose " shortcuts " , then choose " astro " then choose the particular folder you want a shortcut to . i had astro for a while before i realized i could do this because the option is deceiving . at first look i thought it would create a shortcut to the app , not to a specific folder like it does . edit : after reading keith 's comment i realized you are probably talking about market downloads . in that case do what al everett said .
yes . open up the " market " app , open the menu , and choose " downloads " .
just open the marketplace and under menu , you will find downloads . another suggestion , if there are apps you use a lot you can create a shortcut to your homescreen by long pressing on an area of the homescreen where there is room for an icon , select shortcuts > applications and pick anything to save to your homescreen . i made a few folders on my homescreen of apps , for example one is called games , one is called utilities . then i filled them with the apps i use most . long press on the homescreen , select folders > new folder , keep it open and press on the application launcher , long press on anything you want to save into your folder and it will save there .
with ice cream sandwich , i have a new app in my app drawer called " downloads " which brings me to a list of recently downloaded files . obviously you can drop this as a shortcut on your home screen .
usually your apps are downloaded using your browser . for accessing them you open your browser , press menu > more > downloads .
this sounds like a loose usb port on the phone . the microusb port on smartphones are delicate things and can easily become loose and no longer reliably charge . if you use your phone or leave it connected but with the power connection taut ( like if it is plugged into the wall and fully extended so the power cord is putting pressure on the microusb port ) , over time this can and will loosen ( or even break ) the solder joints that connect the microusb port to the circuit board . eventually leading to a scenario like you are seeing now . hopefully your phone is still under warranty , as a mainboard replacement is likely in order here . . . unless you are very skilled at micro-soldering work , then you could take the phone apart and see if you can re-solder the loose/broken connects .
the nexus has replaceable charge ports . all you need is a tiny phillips screwdriver and watch one of the youtube videos . i purchased a charge port off amazon for less than 10 dollars and fixed my phone in 20 minutes .
try a different home screen manager . launcher pro does this on my phone for email and texts in the app shortcuts in the launcher bar . i do not use google tasks , so i can not speak to that one particularly .
you should try different launchers . most of them are better than the stock ones . so e.g. : apex launcher , nova launcher , launcher pro , and go launcher ex support adding notification badges . the best todo app i have ever seen is any . do to-do list and task list . give it a try .
samsung elected not to include all the texture compression formats when they integrated the mali-400 gpu into the exynos chip that powers the galaxy s ii . this is because some formats are patented and would require samsung to pay a fee to the patent-holder to support them . because the s ii was the first high-end phone not to support these formats , most game vendors were not ready to use alternative texture compression formats in their games , and such games will draw with missing textures , like in your screenshot . also , at the time the s ii came out , google play made it very hard to support multiple texture formats with one app : you had to include all the formats in one apk file , making it unnecessarily large . it is now much easier to build for different compression formats and automatically select the right textures for the device you are running on .
also have a samsung galaxy s2 and had the exact same problem with hawks , i installed a different version and it worked fine . i guess it is because of the mali gpu and compatibility .
http://www.jayceooi.com/2011/08/25/how-to-install-and-use-chainfire3d-on-samsung-galaxy-s2/ use this 100% works ! use the third plugin ( powervr ) and bia2 will work ! ! ! ! ! i was thinking i could help because when i had this problem i could not find it on the internet . good luck with it .
that is not a play store compatibility error that you are getting on your device , that is an install error which says that it is having problems installing the app on your device . the play store only checks some basic specs of your device ( like os versions , screen size , ram size , whether or not there is a camera , etc ) it can not tell remotely whether or not there is a problem with your device . there are a few threads on the internet that talk about getting error 942 when installing apps , and they seem to suggest that it is a problem with the googleapps on your device . either there is a data corruption in the gapps , or there is a problem with the version of gapps you have got installed . see some of these for more info : xda : play store - error code 942 xda : apps not available on market and cannot be installed manually and others the two main solutions that worked for people are clearing the application cache on google play services , and google services framework : to clear the app cache : go to settings > apps > all then find the following entries in the list google play services , google play store and google services framework go through each of those and select force stop ( if available ) and then clear cache the other solution that has worked for people using non-standard roms and installs like yours are to double-check the version of the google apps package that they have downloaded and installed and make sure that it really is the right version of gapps for their device and os version .
the su binary works just like it does on linux ; it runs all commands that follow as root until you type exit ( or terminate the process , etc . ) . sudo &lt;command&gt; essentially does : su &lt;command&gt; exit  android does not normally include sudo , so if you wish to launch commands like you would with sudo , the syntax is as follows : su -c "[command_1;command_2;...;command_N]"  for example , to get a list of installed packages in " root " mode , you can either do $ su # pm list packages # ........ &lt;listing of packages scrolls down&gt; ...... # exit  or $ su -c "pm list packages;exit" 
since rooting changes the system image , the ota update will not apply . you need to download the rom ( e . g . from sammobile.com ) and flash it by hand ( using kies ) .
the issue turned out to be with the charging cable . asus quickly swapped it over with a longer cable too .
charging via usb can happen at very different rates depending on what the " host " end is plugged into . generally the vendor-supplied wall charger is the " fastest " way , but perhaps something has gone bad with your supplied wall adapter . you should be able to improve charging times by shutting off wifi , gps , etc , and making sure the screen is off . see these questions for more details on what to look for on your adapters : why is charging from computer using usb slower than using an outlet ? galaxy tab is not being charged through usb cable
search light is open source , has no unnecessary permissions , and has a nice set of operating modes .
i do not see any excessive permissions in color flashlight . yes , it shows an ad for the first 10-15 seconds when you launch it ( at the bottom of the screen , flashlight is still usable ) . the other permissions i believe are needed to change the screen timeout , backlight , and camera flash settings . it should not be hard to make a truly free version , but i have not seen one , and do not mind supporting a developer with a non-intrusive ad .
oi flashlight is open source , it can use both camera flash and bright screen .
kevin 's answer is great , but just some new info : the flashcard app , which was popular since very early on , has been released as open source : https://github.com/devesh/flashlight
as of very recently , this no longer is possible . flash for android is no longer supported , upgraded or offered by adobe . there are hacks available for installing older versions of flash , but given the security holes this opens up , installing an expired version of flash is probably a really bad idea .
yes , you can play amazon prime videos using flash in the browser . see this thread . per the thread , you may have to remove the stock flash and install adobe 's official version from the market , as well as the dolphin hd browser . you can rent movies from amazon , which presumably use the same framework as prime videos . it would probably be advisable to rent a movie to verify it works before investing in a prime membership .
it sounds to me like the flashing wiped out all the info your phone had about local satellites -- the good stuff it retrieves itself , not the agps crap :p . if that is the case then hopefully this will help ; this a process i have used on my samsung vibrant . ensure gps is disabled go to lbstestmode hit delete gps data go into application settings change start mode to cold start back out to the home screen , then reboot your phone enable gps go to lbstestmode hit get position test . let this run to completion ( normally a good 15 minutes or so ) &mdash ; the lat/long info will get filled in and you will see [*] next to several of the satellites it finds , the more the better . this will work best if you go outside and walk around . back out and go into application settings again . change start mode back to hot start . reboot and , hopefully , enjoy your functional gps .
your best bet might be to get an app to sd app off of the playstore . here 's an app you can use . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.a0soft.gphone.app2sdhl=en if you do not have enough memory to install it in the first place , check here
i have a samsung galaxy s4 , but see if you can set a common wallpaper through a similar path : Settings &gt; My device &gt; Display &gt; Wallpaper &gt; Home and lock screens . update 2013-12-06 : another solution you could try is to clear the default app for pictures . if it is a 3rd-party app like quickpic , go to your phone 's application manager ( via settings ) , select the 3rd-party app , and do a Clear defaults . afterwards , open the Gallery app ( not a 3rd-party app like quickpic ) , pick a photo , left-soft-click to open a menu , and click Set as . you can pick either : home screen , lock screen , or home and lock screens . source .
no , odin is just for flashing . the dump command does not seem to work , at least not as of odin3 v1.85 ; see can i make a full backup of my phone with odin and without root ?
it is possible to create a personal layer in google maps and have it show up in the maps app . you can create a pin , and label it . however , you will only see pins on the app . but once you click on the pin , you will see your custom text . google maps site . log-in to google maps in desktop mode ( a pc maybe ? ) . at the top left beside the Get directions button , click the My Places button . then , click the red Create Map button . give your map a title , add some pins ( and custom text ) on it , then click the Done button . google maps app . if the app is open , close it and open it again . once open , click the Layers button at the bottom right . click My Maps and your list of custom maps will show up , together with the pins you put up . see if that is a suitable workaround . update : the My Maps option of google maps has been discontinued . as of 12th december 2013 , a new app , the google maps engine android app has features similar to My Maps option that allows you to create maps from the google maps engine site . this app lets you see it the created maps and layers .
you can get this information inside wpa_cli . open wpa_cli in wifi-direct interface and do a scan and scan_results as below . you will get small info about connected peer ( device address , channel , rssi etc ) . hope this works !
this should solve your problem http://www.androidcentral.com/how-set-your-icloud-email-account-android http://support.apple.com/kb/ht4864
i would assume that the app listings were changed so that they do not show up for users with certain phones , os versions , or carriers . the best way to tell for sure might be to try installing one of the apps from the market website , like ebuddy , and seeing if it gives you an error ( and what the error says ) .
it seems like the content rating filter on my phone was the culprit ! i recently updated my phone to froyo and the market 's content rating filter was added after the update ! just set it to " all applications " in the market 's settings screen .
go to settings > screen lock> none
i think i got it . this is what i did : system settings > security > device managers disable kaspersky as device manager system settings > screen lock : swipe ( or what you want ) enable kaspersky as device manager now i can unlock the phone with one swipe . i use app protector to lock certain apps plus system settings with a different code . nb : the above names ( like device manager ) may not be 100% accurate as i am not using an english version of android . . .
same issue i had . only thing that worked for me is restarting the router and then connect back to router . but the issue is that there is no internet after 3-4 minutes maximum . and then go restart again the router and again 3 min of internet . . .
i was having the same issue for the last 2 days . after upgrading to ics wifi was working but stopped working suddenly after a day . this is how it got fixed : selected the network and clicked forget turned off wifi turned wifi back on connected the wifi network again
there is a few things you could try : turning phone and router off and back on . changing the ssid of the network . changing the password for the wifi . changing the encryption used on the router ( ie . from wpa to wpa2 or the other way around , or even turning it down to wep ) changing the channel that the wifi is using . turning off the password for the wifi and trying to connect ( do not forget to turn it back on later though ) . i know some are fairly basic but i have had problems in the past connecting to my virgin media router and they have worked for me .
from what i am reading , it sounds like your best bet will be to reset it to factory defaults . that looks like it is fixing the problem for others . this will , of course , delete your apps , contacts , calendar , and a couple other things that escape me at the moment . make sure that you have your phone set to back up everything with your google account , and i would recommend using titanium backup to make a backup of all your apps .
android provides the capability to do filesystem encryption , but it is up to the vendor who builds the firmware for your device to enable it for the sd card . i have only seen a few devices with this capability enabled for the sd card , though most seem to have it for the internal storage ( /data ) . typically if it is enabled , there will be a menu item in the settings referring to sd card encryption . here 's the option for the galaxy tab 2 for example :
summary the encryption of the sd card is a device-specific subject , but as far as android goes , only /data gets encrypted . android default behaviour : by " default " , for android , the encryption on the device is applied to /data only . this because all installed applications that get moved to the sd card are already encrypted and only usable at that specific device " origin " . see : apps on sd card : the details scroll down to the below paragraph security and performance implications applications on sd card are mounted via linux’s loopback interface and encrypted via a device-specific key , so they cannot be decrypted on any other device . note that this is security measure and does not provide copy protection ; android recommendation to developers : see : designing for security scroll down to the below paragraph using external storage files created on external storage , such as sd cards , are globally readable and writable . since external storage can be removed by the user and also modified by any application , applications should not store sensitive information using external storage . why android , why ? android believes that external storage is a shared thing , so , to be accessible everywhere , being encrypted would not work . see : using the external storage every android-compatible device supports a shared " external storage " that you can use to save files . this can be a removable storage media ( such as an sd card ) or an internal ( non-removable ) storage . files saved to the external storage are world-readable and can be modified by the user when they enable usb mass storage to transfer files on a computer . some vendors " act on their own " some vendors like motorola however have implemented the encryption to /data and /mnt/sdcard: what type of encryption does motorola android support ? provides file system level encryption for both internal device memory as well as sd card . encryption for device memory and sd card can be enabled separately via settings ui as well as via exchange activesync policies . device has to be protected with the password lock in order for encryption to be available .
the feature of selection of text is a topping added by phone manufacturers . for an instance , in my lg optimus one ( p500 ) which was running 2.2.2 did not have any text selection feature . as you had said , i have to manually move the caret to a favourable position to erase a text . however during an update to 2.3.3 , the manufacturer had enabled me to select a text by double tap ( and in some places , a single tap or long press is required ) . when i was discussing this with my friend who had samsung galaxy ace running 2.2.2 , i was surprised to know that the feature i got in 2.3.3 was already available in his phone . i guess with android 3.0 onwards , this has been baked in as standard feature .
as we deal with touch screens , which allow for a bunch of gestures : it would be hard for the system to decide whether you want to select text , just move the " pointer " ( e . g . to insert text ) , move the word under your finger to a different position , scroll , or switch to a different screen . . . think of your desktop and moving the mouse , which also would not select anything -- unless you click and hold the button while moving . so usually , selecting text is done the way you described : long-press ( or double-tap , or single-tap -- may depend on the app used ) on the word you want to start marking , then move the markers to include the text you want to select .
in addition to android 's built-in features , it is possible for apps to change the way you copy text . one popular app for this is copy text , which lets you select and copy text that is normally not selectable . if you want to copy text in different ways , browsing the play store to see what is available is a good idea .
do not you worry . liio batteries are not that concerned about that . what really lowers their life span are " complete discharges " , not frequent " trickle-charging " . it is even recommended to charge them as soon/often as possible ( and practicable , of course ) . see e.g. wikipedia : lithium ion batteries for details , and also take a look at our question does constant charging harm my android cellphone ? and its answers .
have you tried changing the settings in System settings &gt; My device &gt; Soound &gt; Vibrations ?
you can use an app like llama or tasker to activate sync only when on wifi . if you turn off sync , that also turns off syncing of your calendar/contacts/tasks et al in your google account . the gmail app should have an option to only download attachments via wifi within your specific account options .
you can not is the short answer . the emulator does not support bluetooth testing at all . see the google developers post on using the emulaor the important line is near the end : emulator limitations the functional limitations of the emulator include : no support for placing or receiving actual phone calls . you can simulate phone calls ( placed and received ) through the emulator console , however . no support for usb connections no support for device-attached headphones no support for determining network connected state no support for determining battery charge level and ac charging state no support for determining sd card insert/eject no support for bluetooth
this is a known bug , and it is not entirely clear if it is the sms application or android 's sms implementation itself . you can see the ticket here , which was closed on jan 29 , 2011 . the fix has been slow getting out to phones other than the nexus line because carriers have not released updates that include it . one option in the meantime would be to try an alternative sms app , such as handcent or chompsms . however , though many people say that it does help , others have reported that the bug still persists on 3rd party apps . there is also a reportedly related bug that causes outgoing messages to be sent to the wrong recipient . the " opening the wrong thread " bug was closed as a duplicate of the " wrong recipient " bug , as the fix for the latter apparently applied to the former ( according to google ) .
the error you get is via kies and relates to the pc that is running the kies - it checks to see if you have 3gb of space on it ( do not know why ) . it does not relate to the space on the phone internal memory .
you can just save the numbers in international form . for example , bob 's would be +1-123-555-1234 and alice 's +52-33-33-12-34-56 .
there is an application which does it pretty well . check out at https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.argotronic.touchblocker
summing up results from the in-comment-discussion : starting with android 4.1 , notifications can be disabled on a per-app basis : either by long-pressing a specific notification in the notification area , and navigating from there to the app which sent it -- or directly from the android settings in apps &rarr ; manage apps , and selecting the app you want to disable notifications for : here you will find the possibility to allow/forbid an app to place notifications in the notification area . this is valid generally and for all apps , starting with android 4.1 . as with the gmail app , some apps also offer this option themselves ( which then also works for android versions prior to 4.1 ) . you find it from inside the app , when visiting its settings page ( s ) . but as said , this will vary between apps -- not all apps offer this option .
jelly bean upgrade ( 4.2 ) add support for group messaging . so , two solutions : upgrade your phone to jelly bean 4.2 . install a third party application that handles it : this one seems to have a fair number of good reviews .
i have reason to believe that this may be a bug caused when the web app has a large number of bookmarks . in System Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync i turned off Sync Web under my google account . then i went to Manage Apps , clicked the all tab , and hit the Clear Data button . this reduced the usage of the web app to 1% when in the background . when i enabled Sync Web to import all my chrome bookmarks , then disabled it , the problem showed itself again . i reproduced this problem twice .
in response to @zuul 's comment below his answer , usage of the ln -sf /mnt/emmc /mnt/sdcard is not the appropriate way of dealing with it , because it is a soft-link and forcing it that way , can lead to some mis-behaviour of apps who are relying on the sdcard 's mount point , by way of refusing to work with it , play store can fail in this regard . the best solution is to use this : by using busybox , explicitly bind the mount point to make /mnt/emmc behave exactly like a sdcard , i.e. : /system/xbin/busybox mount -o bind /mnt/emmc /mnt/sdcard which will show up as a mount point in the proper way , if this was a soft-link it would end up like this - /mnt/sdcard -&gt; /mnt/emmc  google play store , as i mentioned has an internal checking mechanism to see if the directory is not a link ( it will return a error of -22 iirc ) .
this app reads files from the device internal storage located at /mnt/sdcard , not from the external storage or any other location . since the app was last updated on march 4 2011 , i do not think this will get fixed . however , if you have root on your device , you can create a soft link from one location to another thus tricking the app . the command is used like this : ln -sf {target-filename} {symbolic-filename}  so you should execute : ln -sf /mnt/emmc /mnt/sdcard  when the app accesses the /mnt/sdcard the system will give it the contents of /mnt/emmc .
you can not do it . . . . do not do it unless you want to get booted from the screenwise panel and also be billed for the device ( currently over $200 retail ) . it is running a skin over the top of the device , similar to how samsung runs their own touchwiz interface over the top of android os . it is not just an app that is running on top ( although there is a separate and completely different screenwise app on the android market that is used with this panel , it is not the same thing ) .
i recently got 3 of these devices and discovered that they are already rooted ( superuser is installed ) and all you have to do is install a launcher . since you can not access anything other than the screenwise app ( yes , its just an app ) , you will need to sideload it via adb . what i did was connect to my computer , let windows get all the drivers installed , and downloaded a gingerbread launcher apk file . then i used the adb command ' adb install launcher . apk ' where launcher . apk was the file i downloaded and put into the root of the adb folder . hope this helps !
which rom ? check rom-settings -> " active display " -> then disable or settings -> display -> " active display " -> then disable i think good chances aosp handles it in either one of these ways .
not too smart are you ? if you could do what you are trying then you had be able to read anybody 's messages just by knowing their phone number . whatsapp needs a sim card to work .
a true octa-core is basically a processor either with homogenous or heterogeneous multiprocessing architecture . the processor in the galaxy s4 ( exynos 5410 ) for example ( intl . edition ) has 8 cores based on the arm big . little architecture wherein 4 cores are slower with low-power and 4 are faster with relatively higher power consumption . under this scheme two possibilities are there : only homogenous multiprocessing , for example in galaxy s4 . this allows only 4 cores to run at a time out of a total of 8 . the processor can control which 4 run but all 8 cannot be utilized together . heterogeneous multiprocessing , for example in galaxy s5 . this allows all the 8 cores i.e. the low power as well as high power cores to run together effectively increasing the maximum achievable performance of the soc . mediatek 's processor is also based on homogenous multiprocessing but has 8 homogenous cores instead of 4+4 different ones . this allows these cores to operate in coalition with each other without the heterogeneous architecture . as far as fast or slow goes it depends on the flops which the processor can achieve . in this case , mediatek 's processor usually has a slower clock speed than qualcomm 's processor and a different architecture as well . thus it is impossible to make a direct comparison of two processor without either a benchmarking software or a datasheet , but in general qualcomm 's latest top of the line processors are better than mediatek 's and this is despite additional cores . one more reason which exists for this performance parity is that not all applications are built to utilize multiple cores i.e. parallel processing . if you want more information regarding the same , consider reading this wiki article on amdahl 's law .
i would reset the entire connection . delete it from your phone and then reconnect , reenter the password , an make sure it saves it . you could have the wrong password , it could just be something simple . if this does not help , make sure you have not turned your connections off , restart your phone . if that does not help , make sure your internet connection is up and going . call your service provider or unplug your router and make it reboot itself then check to see if your phone will pick it up again .
first check whether its just the wi-fi on your phone or the lan on your system . there are many possibilities with the wi-fi not working properly . either the key is not matched with the key you configured under your modem wi-fi password . signal might be weak . ( if signal&lt ; =10% then some devices wi-fi connection is disabled to save power ) in-appropriate configuration of your modem due to which although the connection might be established you might not be able to browse thereby showing no internet connection . for this reason wi-fi is termed to have very least preference because of heavy loss of data during the transmission or disturbance . solution:- if you signal is weak try to get more strength by getting near to you wi-fi or having an external hardware that could boost your signal strength . if the key is not matched then you need to enter the appropriate the password as set by you . if the connection is not configured then you need to check your manual and configure the wi-fi settings properly and click forget on your old wi-fi network to re-configure the network on your device .
try changing settings to static ip address . here is a video where you will find out how to do it in ics 4.0
for now there is not , unless an add-ons for whatsapp will enable this or they built it in themselves . it is comparable to facebook , user set their own avatar and this can be seen by friends . this works unlike your contact list in which you control the content and other users have no say in adjusting the content .
ln only takes 2 arguments at most ( not counting options ) , the . . /* wildcard however expands to all filenames in the folder . just do place an echo before ln to see what happens . do it one by one this way : cd /data/sdext2/app for i in * ; do ln -s /data/sdext2/app/"$i " /data/app/ ; done or for i in /data/sdext2/app/* ; do ln -s "$i " /data/app/$ ( basename "$i" ) ; done edit ok , this is how it works on my device : me@workstation:~$ adb shell shell@android:/ $ id uid=2000 ( shell ) gid=2000 ( shell ) groups=1003 ( graphics ) , 1004 ( input ) , 1007 ( log ) , [ . . . ] shell@android:/ $ su shell@android:/ # id uid=0 ( root ) gid=0 ( root ) groups=1003 ( graphics ) , 1004 ( input ) , 1007 ( log ) , [ . . . ] shell@android:/ # cd /data/ shell@android:/data # ln -s /data/sdext2/app/banana . app /data/app/cucumber . app shell@android:/data # ls -l /data/app/cucumber . app lrwxrwxrwx root root 2012-11-06 22:30 /data/app/cucumber . app -> /data/sdext2/app/banana . app
i do not know why and how but in one case i solved this problem using wifix manager app . just installed it and wifi started to work normally . hope this helps anyone . http://www.fardjad.com/android/wifix/
no , you can not use a rom for a different device . the rom needs to be for the same device . in most cases , the flashing tool will detect that you are using the wrong rom and stop you , but in some cases , or if you disable the warning , it will simply brick the device .
i do not see anything in the settings . possibly you could hack the app and replace the font , or you could try another music player . lack of internationalization sucks .
it seems that the problem was the encoding that windows media player used . it uses the windows hebrew code-page ( 1255 ) . i used foobar2000 with the chacon plugin to change it to the mac hebrew code-page ( 10005 ) which seems to be supported by my phone .
well , generally most of the ssh clients i have used work fine ( e . g . juicessh / ssh droid ) so i would really recommend changing . if you are really determined to do this then you could use a separate ssh program in a terminal ( not sure if this will work ) or you could try setting up multiple ip addresses on the linux laptop . let 's say you have an ip address like 192.168.0.7/24 then ( if you own the network or have permission to use the other addresses ) you could login as root and do ip address add 192.168.0.8/24 dev eth0  then you will be able to login to the same laptop on a different address . you will find plenty of tutorials on the web for setting up ip addresses on linux so i will not go into the full details . i should probably also mention solutions such as the linux programs screen and dtach which allow you to have multiple shell sessions on one terminal . those are probably in many ways better for you .
if you have the red led and the device will not charge from the wall , using the original charger , then it is faulty . send it back for a replacement .
if lenovo did not change the stock messaging app : open Messaging and press the Menu in the down-right corner and choose Settings . scroll down to the Notifications section and uncheck Notifications .
this can be achieved using tasker ( paid app ) . in tasker , the profile can defined having the following conditions . it have little learning curve , but this app can replace almost many apps . below is the sample profile , when battery > x% and wifi is on and charging is enabled enable auto sync on this is just the sample one , you can specify the condition based on your requirement . since this is a seperate topic , i would encourage you to google tasker in xda forums .
it is none of the two . turning of the screen of an android device will not hibernate it ( thinking of a phone : what about incoming calls if the device would be hibernated ? ) . android handles things a little different . in the best case , with the screen switched off android enters a very energy-saving mode called " deep sleep " . it will cycle down the cpu to a minimum , may switch off wifi ( and other things ) completely , and other things . apps may enable those ressources when needed by aquiring corresponding " wake-locks " ( see : wakelock ) , which they ( hopefully ! ) do not do too often , and ( again hopefully ) release when no longer needed . not having " hibernated " the system completely allows the system to quickly react on events like e.g. incoming calls , alarms , or the user switching on the display again . it simply needs to speed-up the cpu , and enable those ressources it " put to sleep " , if needed . also keep in mind that android devices ( usually ) do not have mechanical components like " spinning hard-disks " , so if storage is not accessed , it does not " consume power " : )
i do not have a incredible s but the steps should be similar : Go to Settings-&gt;Wifi-&gt;Overflow Menu Button-&gt;Advanced-&gt;Keep Wifi on during sleep-&gt;Never. 
disable usb debugging mode in Settings -&gt; Development , and try to connect the device . i am assuming you have installed samsung kies , because all device drivers for samsung devices are present only in that software , and not on the device .
call support . they are really helpful . to the swedish support it is +46-1-324-4500 .
i9000 does not have an official rom , so i am assuming you are using a custom rom like cm10 . stock players from touchwiz are rarely availble , and for the most part do not work flawlessly on aosp based roms . try winamp and mplayer as alternatives , they work on any roms so you can move freely between roms too .
yes , i tries superoneclick and it worked for my lg l35g aka lg optimus logic ( net 10 ) .
you might try this rsync -rltDv --chmod=u=rwX,g=rX,o=rX
is your sd card formatted as fat32 ? if so , that is why - it is a fat32 limitation .
check that the application is only installed once in these directories : /data/app/ for user-installed app directory /system/app/ for pre-installed system app directory if an app comes preinstalled with the phone or your custom rom ships with it , then the original . apk will be installed in /system/app/ ( which is read-only , unless you root your phone and remount the directory to be writable ) so that you can uninstall the updated version of an app or do a factory reset to restore all apps to their original version . this can also happen if you have rooted phone and do an installation by copying an apk to /data/app . in short , updated system apps takes double the space than user-installed apps as the system stores the original . apk as well as the updated . apk in separate directory/partition . if you are 100% sure that you will not downgrade or do a factory reset , then you can root the phone and delete /system/app/BlahBlah.apk to save some space ; although this might not actually give you more space for storing data or applications unless you repartition the internal memory since the /system/ directory is usually a separate partition from the user-installed app directory . in short , do not do anything unless you really know what you are doing .
the new update has made the size bigger .
use dropbear instead . apt-get install dropbear i cannot find any way to avoid chroot error , so i suggest you another ssh server . it works well . :- )
please do : su ln -s /system/bin/busybox /system/xbin/ash  you are getting that error because there is no shell for user root to use .
do you happen to be using a 3rd party charger ? 500mah chargers cannot charge the nexus while on , 1ah chargers can but might struggle . i recommend chargers with 1.5ah for charging high-end devices alternatively , the problem might lie with the power management of your rom . have you also installed an app recently before this happened ?
that sounds to me like a hardware issue . if you are still under warranty , i would get it repaired . if not , you will have to decide whether you want to live with it or pay for repair ( or replace the phone ) .
i released ankidroid 2.0.3 yesterday , it fixes the tts bug described at https://code.google.com/p/ankidroid/issues/detail?id=1892 does 2.0.3 fix the problem you described in your question ? before 2.0.3 the tts part of ankidroid had not changed in a long time , so it must be that tts changed in android 4.3 . if anybody has some info about what changed in android 4.3 's tts it would be extremely appreciated .
on the home screen , go to system settings/storage and change default write disk to phone storage instead of sd card . this will solve your problem !
try camera zoom fx . it has an option of choosing the save location : you can read from the " other features section : select sdcard folder to save photos ( incl external sd )
the correct build was here . it is listed in incremental updates 2.3.6 - 4.0.3 .
my baseband is ever so slightly different from yours : it is i9020xxki1 ( i think ; it is hard to read ) . i upgraded by following the steps at http://www.androidcentral.com/how-manually-update-your-gsm-nexus-s-ice-cream-sandwich ; i am pretty sure that you can not go wrong doing the same . at worst , your phone will refuse to install the thing .
that is right , this is known issue and you are not alone . unfortunately there is no official way to fix this . the only way to get your wifi working properly is to remove your sim card or use american ( usa ) sim card . btw it does not depend on whether you updated manually or via official ota . i suppose , the problem is with latest kernel which does not support other country codes despite us and eu . the new kernel is getting the country code from sim card and after finding that it is neither eu nor us it is dropping wifi support . unfortunately i do not know exactly why . there are some workarounds however , they require rooted device . you can install custom rom 's ( unsigned ! ) or use some scripts ( from here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1372074page=7 ) you can " star " the issue here : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=23262 so as many people would " star " it as more attention it could get . people also saying that there are some missing features after upgrading like : no face unlock . no camera zoom . no zero shutter lag no android beam for images . p . s : as far as i know google stopped providing ics ota for nexus s . i hope they are aware of that issue and working on it .
you can remove purchased apps by going to amazon 's website and viewing all of your apps . there is an option under Actions to Delete this app , which will remove it from your account . if you want it again , you will have to repurchase it . this feature has been available for quite a while now ( not sure when they added it ; obviously after you asked the question ) .
afaik , you cannot remove items you have " purchased " from this list . it keeps them on the amazon side , not on the device . i have wiped all data from my device , and once i reinstalled amazon app store , all of my purchased apps appeared in the list .
i would try clearing the data for the amazon appstore via Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All . you will have to log into it again and whatnot the next time you open it , but hopefully that will do the trick .
as of today i do not think this is possible . you can however find the list of items on the amazon website . log in to amazon , click the " your digital items " at the top right of the page , click " your apps and devices " . from there you can see all of your app purchases . maybe some day they will allow removing from the list .
uncheck the " notify once " option in your gmail account settings and you should get a notification for every new message . ( specifically : Menu -&gt; More -&gt; Settings -&gt; Notify Once ) edit : apparently older versions of gmail do not have this option , in which case you would actually need to try a third-party app such as gmail notifier .
there is no way to do this but you can take screenshots of the chat and save it like that . there are a lot of screenshot apps on the market , some require root though .
there is currently no way to do this . maybe suggest it on the google forums ?
new version of skype uses system volume for calls . so change there in system preferences and volume in skype will be changed too .
use regular volume button on phone that you use for phone calls or music
when i adjust volume in skype , it tells me i am adjusting the In-call volume , which is ( believe it or not ) the same volume setting used when you are in a regular phone call . if you can not adjust this through the settings , i would try making a normal phone call , turning the volume down , then trying a call in skype and seeing if the call sounds have changed .
do not mix things here . from your posts it looks like you have entered your sims pin to often and need now to enter your puc/puk . this has nothing do to with your androids phone lock . in germany it is common practice to receive the puk together with the sim card . if you have no puk you can only ask your sim provider for the puk or a new sim . i am not aware of any other method to unblock a blocked sim .
you have misunderstood your operator . there is no such thing as jacket for the phone . either you misinterpreted the support guy , or he is just incompetent person . if you have locked your phone you have two options : official phone manufacturer representative can help you with resetting the phone to the factory state . if you do not want to mess with official support ( sometimes it is a waste of time ) , you can try to unlock your phone manually using just usb cable and commercial software tool ( davinci , for example - i have used they service couple of times ) . if this will fail you can always fall back to the option one . please note , however - trying to unlock your phone manually you can lose your warranty .
it is really hard to say without knowing specifically what previous rom you were using , but there are two possibilities i can think of : the apps in question were updated to require some new feature that your device does not have . ( probably more likely ) your previous rom had different information in the build.prop file than your current one does . this can include specific hardware like gps , nfc , accelerometer and such or things like screen density . the /system/build.prop file contains a lot of information about the hardware of your device ( among other things ) , and it is what the play store will use to determine if your device supports the hardware requirements of a given app . it is fairly common for roms to use build.prop entries to masquerade as other devices or pretend to support nonexistent hardware for the sake of app compatibility . i would suggest trying to find a copy of your old rom in zip format then extracting the build.prop from your old rom and comparing it to your current one . if they are different then you can consider editing your current build.prop to include any missing entries from the old one ( there are apps to help you do this ) . this is also covered in some detail in is there a way to trick the android market into thinking i&#39 ; m using a different device do i can download protected apps ? for screen/lcd density specifically there are a handful of apps that will help you modify it . based on chahk 's comment , values of 160 and 240 may be good to try if it is set to something different than that .
contacts : sync them with google conversations : your whatsapp messages are automatically backed up and saved on your phone 's memory daily . if you delete whatsapp from your phone and do not want to lose any of your messages , be sure to manually back up your chats before uninstalling : Go to WhatsApp &gt; Menu Button &gt; Settings &gt; Chat Settings Tap Backup Conversations  to export a copy of the history of an individual chat or group , you can use the email chat history feature : Tap and hold on the conversation or group. Select Email conversation Choose whether to Attach Media or not.  an email will be composed with your chat history attached as a . txt document . if you choose to attach media , the most recent media sent will be added as attachments .
is it possible to copy whatsapp conversations from 1 pc to another ? if so please let me know . . . as i bought a new laptop and would like to use whatsapp in new laptop . thanks in advance : )
in android , every package is cryptographically signed by its author . to be an upgrade , the new package has to be signed with the same key as the old package . since packages can read previous versions ' data files , this is an important security precaution . the error you get tells you that the update you are trying to install was not signed using the same key as the package you had flashed to the rom . either the original package you flashed , or the new package , was signed by a different developer . you should either obtain an update from the same source you originally got the gapps package from , or flash a new rom with a gapps package from the same source you are trying to update from . we may be able to help further with this if you edit your question to say where you got these packages from .
my friend had a similar problem , he went into the verizon store and they just flat out gave him a new card , it took like 5 minutes . we were actually out of there so quickly he forgot to thank the lady behind the desk . his card was completely corrupted and he lost all of his files and such . your card seems to be partially corrupted or not corrupted at all . what i would do is copy all of the files from the sd card onto a backup drive and then flash a new sd card with your old sd card files . if the card still does not work : at this point it almost has to be the files on the actual sd card . i would a couple files onto the sd card at a time until you find the corrupted file ( s ) . then you should delete the corrupted files , there is not much you can do to restore them . if you have a mac , i am a fan of DiskUtil , it works really well even for fixing sd cards . i am sure there is a similiar tool for windows or ubuntu . hope this helped !
if i were you i would whip that thing out of your phone , pop it in an sd card reader connected to a laptop/desktop , backup the card , then erase and format it fully using the sd card formatting tool ( v4 ) from the sd association and then test it thoroughly with h2testw 1.4 assuming you have a computer with windows . there is an article which talks a bit about testing sd cards here . i think there is another tool called f3 that can do something similar on a mac if you have got one of those . if you run into any errors along the way then you have probably got a dodgy card . if not then maybe you have got a compatibility problem with that card and your phone and i would go with a slower card , and possibly a smaller one . best of luck !
it should be possible to do what you want . try this : pair both of the devices with your phone , then go to settings -> wireless and networks -> bluetooth settings , and long-press on the paired device and select " options " . from there you can choose which service you had like for this particular device .
i have not tested this specific case myself . the answer might depend on what you might want to do with the mic-only and speaker-only bluetooth device . how multiple bluetooth devices work with a single android phone : the android phone provide you with two types to bluetooth profiles to connect to - phone and media . long press on the device listing in the ' bluetooth settings ' , click on options and you can select which profile your bluetooth device should connect to . the mono hands-free bluetooth headsets can connect to just the phone audio . the mono headset 's options in android will not even list the ' media ' profile . the stereo bluetooth headsets can connect to both phone and media profiles . you will find both ' phone ' and ' media ' options for stereo headsets . an android phone can be actively connected at a time to maximum of 2 devices . one device ( device1 ) will be connected to the ' phone ' and the other ( device2 ) will be connected to the ' media ' . all your phone calls will be routed to device1 and all your music will be routed to device2 . but 2 devices cannot be connected to the same profile at the same time . i have tested this with my 2 stereo bluetooth headsets . your request : connect a mic-only and a speaker-only device to the phone at the same time . what will not work : if you want to use it in a phone call so that you can speak through the mic-only device and hear through the speaker-only device , it will not work . only one device can be connected to the ' phone ' audio at any point of time . for both devices to work together in a phone call they should both be using a phone audio which is not possible . what might work : a mic-only device to ' phone ' audio and a stereo bluetooth headphone to the ' media ' audio might be possible , since both these devices would be connected to 2 different profiles . caveat : i do not know if a mic-only device can be connected to an android device , in the first place . since devices can either connect to the ' phone ' profile or ' media ' profile and both require speaker output at the other end , i am not sure how it would work . i am specifically curious about how a phone call would work when a mic-only device is connected to the phone profile . may be android would receive audio input from the bluetooth mic and send the audio output to the phone 's speaker . maybe android will show a different profile for the mic-only bluetooth device . the problem is in android i do not see a place where one can choose ' audio input ' and ' audio output ' devices like we do in a desktop os . mic-only bluetooth devices are used with cameras as shown in this video . i do not know how they would connect and work with android devices .
i have not looked at removing geotags yet other than desktop apps already mentioned above , for which i use the geotag security . however , for preventing geotagging in the first place , this is easy seeing as you are rooted . i recently wanted to do this , wrote to samsung support and they told me the ability to do so in the camera app was removed with the last update . whatever . to stop it yourself , install lbe privacy guard . you will then need to go into App Management &gt; System Components and remove camera from the list of trusted system components . it will warn you . . . it is okay . once you have removed it as trusted , go back to the main screen then to Location Access Manager and deny the camera app the right to get your location . this will stop it from geotagging while still leaving your gps on and available for other apps such as maps . i have verified this with my own pictures i have taken . this solution also allows you to hide your location from other apps you may not want to have it ( such as twitter or facebook ) . the same app can also be used to restrict apps ' access to your data connection , your contacts and a myriad of other options . basically it allows you full control over which system permissions any app may use .
i found a camera mod here that allows disable of geotagging and does it by default . it looks like i either need adb or root to install it . edit : the camera mod does not work , as far as disabling geotagging . updated answer : the amazon app store has camera advance lite ( and a non-lite for that matter ) that has the option to turn off geotagging , which is disabled by default . this app geo eraser looks like it will remove prior geotagging info . it appears that using a gingerbread based os will fix the problem as well , based on my conversations with gingerbread users .
maybe i am missing something here , but photos i take when my froyo device 's gps is shut off are not geotagged . furthermore , my default camera app has a " store location " option . when exercising either of these options , my phone does not display the " tracking your location " icon in the notification area while taking photos . it seems like the above options are a trivial solution to part 1 of your question . is your phone missing these options ? do they not do what i think they do ? i am running a motorola droid on stock android 2.2.2 ( frg83g . )
imagemagick has a " strip " command line argument which will remove all exif data ( try it with the convert command . ) . it might be a little excessive , but imagemagick is very very very scriptable . however it will recompress the image . see the answer to this question on stackoverflow . short version : jpegtran or exiftool .
as a solution to #2 , geotag security is a program you could use . it ( should ) run in xp , so you would have to copy your pictures to your computer first , or hook your sd up via usb , but it should do the trick ! here 's the site where i found it , the above is a direct link to their site .
currently and sadly , there is no such option to allow the action of auto-answer an incoming skype call . you can keep an eye out on this threads , maybe in a nearby feature such solution will arrive : skype support network : auto answer incoming call on android os xda developers forum thread : [ rq ] skype auto answer xda developers forum thread : [ q ] skype auto answer additionally , 3rd party solutions are not possible to this end , since skype uses a proprietary protocol with no available api as explained on this stackoverflow answer .
unfortunately skype for android does automatically answer calls . if my phone is logged into skype and someone calls , it always automatically picks up after the second ring if i do not do anything . i asked about this in the skype support forum and they said the next version of skype will have a new feature that will allow android users to disable auto-answer .
android uses a so-called media scanner to index your media files ( this also applies to your images and videos ) . this media scanner ships with the system , and fires automatically on certain system events -- such as after boot , or when you insert your sd-card . it does , however , not react on a simple " file-drop " via network . for such cases , it might need a little help to get to know it has to act : rescan media rescan sd card ! are two free example apps from the playstore which do exactly that : trigger the media scanner . once the media scanner has indexed your new files , they will immediately show up in the corresponding apps such as the gallery ( for images/videos ) or your music player .
copy the files as before but use a music player from the play store . i would suggest a player that supports folder based play so it does not force you to sort your music by album/artist , which can be a pain if your music is not tagged properly . i will not suggest you a particular music player because i do not want to turn this question in to a favorite music player discussion . if you really have trouble finding one , post a comment here for a suggestion .
i usually put all my songs into a folder and zip it into a smaller archive with an easy short name . something like mp3files . zip move that folder ( or a copy of it ) to /android-sdk/platform-tools/ plug the nexus in with a good usb cable and go to settings/developer options set to " usb debug enabled " next i use # . /adb push home/android-sdk/platform-tools/mp3files . zip /sdcard/music important to notice one space between path to file and path to destination also make sure your capitalization is correct while . /adb is moving your files you wont get any feedback that anything is happening until its finished so be calm and find something else to do i also use the vlc for android beta media player availible from the vlc developers forum--it works perfectly its still a beta . but its not so much a hiccuped ever for me and plays whatever i throw at it ( im not associated with the project in any way i just am passing along some info i have found )
my main use of android mp3 files is to listen to podcasts . my workflow is as follows : use google reader to subscribe to and browse podcast feeds . the mp3 files are linked in each feed , so the ones i decide to listen to get downloaded to my computer . i use downthemall for downloading , because it is good at this kind of download and because it preserves modification times on files it downloads . however , i am moving away from firefox , so i am now looking for a similar plugin for chrome . periodically plug my phone into a usb port on my computer ( use usb3 if you have it , absurdly fast ) , causing the sd card to be mounted as a removable disk . there is a directory , listen that contains all my podcasts . since i listen to them in the order of the modification times , i sort the directory listing by mod times and delete all the ones i have listened to . i move all of my new downloaded files into the listen directory on my phone . i tell windows explorer to " eject " the removable drive ( this ensures that all file writes are completed ) and unplug the phone . i plug in my headphones and run mortplayer audio books . although not specifically designed for my use case , it has some features i need : the ability to be pointed at any directory i want . the ability to automatically sort my files by modification time . the ability to automatically remember where i left off . obviously , the way i listen to mp3 files is different from the way most other people do , so you will need to figure out your own workflow . in particular , you will probably want a different audio player program . but judging from your prescribed needs , you want one that lets you just copy files directly into an sdcard directory . most do . ideally , one could use bluetooth to copy files . i have tried that , but have found that bluetooth copying software is slow , a pain to use , and does not preserve file mod times .
there is no option to save more messages locally , and there is no good excuse for why you can not . the user can only load older emails on demand . this is done for one reason : to make you more dependent on online connectivity , so that more people will need to subscribe to mobile data . this supports google 's goal of having everyone connected to the " cloud " and using their services . it is not done to save battery ; in fact less battery would be consumed if the messages were only transfered once over the radio and stored on the huge sd card that all android phones have . also , the faster access would reduce the screen-on time since you would see your older messages right away . it is also not done to save cpu or memory , since storage to the sd card would be easier on both .
the stock email application and many other i have tested present a list of 25 emails per page . the user can however load older emails on demand . this is done due to two main reasons : to prevent large transfers of data that end up using the device communication thus leading to a faster battery drain ; to preserve memory consumption that in turn would leave your device slow and inefficient . i have not found any option on all the applications i have tested that allows the user to define how much emails should be presented each time . i did find that the gmail app auto-loads a new emails list when we reach the scroll limit , thus kinda facilitating the users trouble , but even with this scenario , the user needs to scroll all the way down to get the new list , and yet again , the gmail app like the others , does not have a setting to define the number of emails to be loaded each time . essentially , this is a status-by-design conception used by android and app developers . you may come across with an app that allows you to go around this issue , unlikely it may be , but for the stock app , the reason as to why it loads only 25 emails at a time are the ones explained that sum up as performance issues .
if radio waves use battery and not saving the mails on the device causes the devices to download them again and again , at what time does downloading them 15 times use less battery than downloading them once ? now , think of the poor souls who have no good dataplan , fun , do not you think ? excatly . so , while i do not like conspiracy theories , this is just plain silly , sorry , there is absolutely no valid excuse i can think of to keep it this way . i can save 1000 's of emails on other non-android arm devices and get pretty good performance ( bb10 , iphone ) . the other thing is , when i delete a mail on blackberry/iphone , it deletes it on the server ( well , it is a setting ) wheras on android , it deletes it on the device only - i guess this has to do with this limitation as well - guess what , this is bad , too . and , finally , this k-9 alternative is not doing it for me . i cannot get it to connect to the imap server , it validates the password , but says ' cannot connect ' ( in french ) . now , i have set up imap mail servers on unix so i know what i am talking about , it appears to have some problem with the encryption , from what i could see - the same settings work in the stock android app . anyway , if you like to use email on a mobile device , bb10 is what you need , imho - android 's not even in the same league .
you should be able to use the latest cwm or twrp custom recovery with your device . source : install android 4.4 kitkat on galaxy tab 2 7.0 using cm11 custom build update #1: xda has a thread for custom recoveries for the p3110 . it says that only cwm supports kitkat for that tablet .
the wifi on the phone is fryed and i told you this personally . so please change the phone and be happy .
since you were able to remove a system app , i assume that your galaxy nexus is rooted . depending which rom you are running , you should be able to download a copy of that rom , extract the " mms . apk " from system/app subfolder within the zip , and then push it via adb to the same location on the phone . ( for stock rom you might also need mms . odex file from same location . ) adb remount adb push C:\path\to\file\Mms.apk /system/app/Mms.apk 
you can use root browser or es file explorer . however , you need a rooted device to access root directory .
update to maps 6.9.0 ( released 2012-06-27 ) or later if you not already have done so . google added the feature one you wanted : what is in this version : * save maps for use offline besides this : cached tiles for google maps are saved to the sd card . to also answer your exact question ( for users that cannot upgrade ) : use android 's provided ' move to sdcard ' mechanism or install some 3rd party apps to do it ( link2sd , app2sd skripts , most need a custom rom however ) . if all above is not an option and you like to do it manually : prerequisites : root access know which directory you want to move be sure that directory does not contain executables awareness : /sdcard/ is world-readable and many apps can write to it . you might not want to expose sensitive data to other apps be sure the app is not running . if something breaks , you might fix it by clearing the appdata the app might break if sdcard is not accessible ( e . g . phone plugged into pc ) a . you need to find the package name of your desired app ( just reverse the steps here , aka go to the google play website of the app and see the package name in the browser 's url , for maps it is ' com . google . android . apps . maps' ) . the location for the app 's internal data is then : /data/data/ [ pkg_name ] b . find the big subdirectory that you want to move , use a terminal emulator or adb shell access to execute something like this on the device : <code> me@workstation:~$ adb shell root@android:/ # cd /data/data/com . google . android . apps . maps root@android:/data/data/com . google . android . apps . maps # du -sh * 8.5k app_sslcache 9.0k cache 55.0k databases 52.0k files 2.0k lib 2.5k shared_prefs </code> c . move and symlink <code> mkdir -p /sdcard/android/data/ [ pkg_name ] /linked mv /data/data/ [ pkg_name ] / [ big_dir ] /sdcard/android/data/ [ pkg_name ] /linked/ [ big_dir ] ln -s /sdcard/android/data/ [ pkg_name ] /linked/ [ big_dir ] /data/data/ [ pkg_name ] / [ big_dir ] </code>
google goggle app can help to upload a image google search by image app open google image in your default or chrome browser 1st method type filetype:gif [ your query ] or inurl:gif [ your query ] then tap search result will be in . gif format 2nd method open google image in your default or chrome browser then tap more > type > choose animated
i do not think there is any way to stop the google plus from auto uploading video if you have instant upload turn on . the work around i can think off is to use a file manager like " astro " to move all your video file from /dcim/camera folder to a different folder in your sdcard . i believe google plus will ignore the folder outside of /dcim/ edit : re-read your post , looks like you were uploading video from your pc to your phone which you probably just placing those under some folder in sdcard . you can try this app studiokuma . nomedia manager and set the folder that contains video with . nomedia and perhaps the entire folder will be ignore by google+
there must be a " share " option , which you can use to send via Bluetooth , Whatsapp , Wifi direct etc . .
as for galaxy nexus 2 , one must use a third party application to transfer files via bluetooth , since it basically does not have a file manager and a third party file manager like astro do not let you transfer files via bluetooth .
yeah , you need to install the facebook application , since it adds the option on the drop menu . then follow this instructions after you installed it correctly : tap and hold an image the screen will change to be possible to select multiple images select the images you want to post on facebook hit share on the bar then facebook
private means you can not back it up . the developer decided that . some apps ignore it fileexpert &lt ; - my favourite estrongs file explorer not a file manager , but also titanium backup
gmail usually stores its data on internal storage : /data/data/com.google.android.gm/ \u251c\u2500\u2500 cache \u2502 \u251c\u2500\u2500 download \u2502 \u2514\u2500\u2500 webviewcache \u251c\u2500\u2500 databases \u251c\u2500\u2500 files \u251c\u2500\u2500 lib \u2514\u2500\u2500 shared_prefs  from this directory structure you may guess some things . i am not sure what exactly is stored in the cache subdirectory except for downloads ( the extracted nandroid backup i have got on my workstation comes from a device where gmail actually was not used ) . your messages ( in fact , your entire mail contents ) are however stored in a sqlite3 database : databases/mailstore.&lt;address&gt; -- where &lt;address&gt; is your mail address . so if you can pull this directory to your computer ( which might require root privileges ) , you could use a graphical sqlite frontend to explore this database . the messages table will be your primary target .
you can try to reboot / remove battery . maybe resetting to factory settings will help . in addition , if everything else fails , you could try following ( read somewhere about it ) : turn it off and then back on ( the one asking you about using wifi to localize you faster ) the bluetooth and wifi are both 802.11 standards , therefore they are controlled by the same chip
open the facebook app and tap the top left main menu in your sidebar . scroll to the bottom and select Account &gt; App Settings &gt; Sync Photos . choose Don't sync my photos . source .
two pieces of ground i want to cover here : /cache is typically a separate partition on your device , which would not be mountable by a pc via usb , which is why that is not working . the usb connection generally accesses a directory named " sdcard " ( or similar ) which is used as an external storage device , although this storage area does not have to be physically external to the device ( it may just be a partition named /sdcard rather than a physical card ) . if the ota is in /cache then you should be able to find it with a file explorer or shell on your device . once you have found it , you could simply move the file from /cache to your external storage and then copy it over usb . you will need root in order to access /cache , though . there are a number of file explorers that support root access , but i personally use es file explorer .
i had a similar issue when updating from 902 to 905 . i followed the two pages of instructions in the below-linked article to get me to 905: http://androidadvices.com/update-motorola-droid-bionic-latest-59905-firmware/ good luck !
alternatively , you can flash an fxz rom image for your current version or later . the benefit of that is that it does not matter what state your phone is in or if its missing bloatware that the ota update requires . things you need : fxz image for the desired version ( google search for it ) rsdlite ( google search rsdlite 5.7 download ) motorola device drivers ( found on motorola 's site ) usb cable
here 's how to get a system dump from android : prepare your pc ensure that your computer has the most recent version of the java development kit installed . if it does not , download and install the most recent jdk from oracle 's java se downloads page . navigate to the download the android sdk page on the android developers website in a web browser and download the installer package to your computer . double-click the downloaded file and follow the installation prompts . navigate in windows explorer to the location where you installed the sdk . by default , this is c:\program files\android\android-sdk . double-click the sdk manager to launch it . in the left pane file tree , check the box next to " android sdk platform-tools . " click " install packages . " a confirmation window appears . click the radio button next to " accept all . " click " install . " a progress bar appears . prepare your phone press your phone 's menu button from the home screen . tap " settings . " the settings menu appears . tap " applications . " in the application settings menu , tap " development . " check the box next to " usb debugging " in the development menu . get a system dump press " r " and the windows key simultaneously on your pc keyboard to bring up the run box . type " cmd . " type the following into the command window : cd C:\Program Files\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools type " adb . exe shell . " type su dd if=/dev/block/stl6 of=/sdcard/factoryfs.rfs at the abd shell prompt . replace "/sdcard/factoryfs . rfs " with the location to copy the file to if you do not want it on the phone 's sd card . reproduced in full from this site
i had a similar problem on cyanogenmod and it turned out to be broken permissions . i tried the following which worked in the shell only for whatever reason . you need to be rooted and have adb installed . the following commands mount the system partition for reading and writing , copy stock bootanimation zip ( change location , or skip ) , copy custom bootanimation zip to data/local , and ( re ) applies correct permissions to media folder and zip files , and finally reboot ( if you want ) . if you want to restore to stock , simply delete the data/local version . if you want a new one , replace it while keeping the system/media version intact . you can also create your own bootanimation using this guide from xda .
as suggested by aditya somani try charging by switching off . try changing the charger or the usb cable of the charger . charging via pc takes time and drains faster
i think what matters most is the amperage of your charger . if you are plugging your phone into a computer then it is limited to 500ma . a charger for the s3 will typically provide 1a to 2a i believe . one more thing which may be going wrong is battery hogging applications . if you switch your phone off and then charge , by how much does your charging time lessen down ?
what aditya somani say is correct . the amount of amperage your charger has will determine the charge speed . however , turning off things like wifi , lte and probably even the whole phone will make the charge go faster . for the wire-in-phone first thing , i believe that is a myth . i have heard it for computers and mobiles alike , but never found a reason to exactly why . my education in electronics might be vague , but no matter what you say , the charger will not charge before it is connected to power , and thus it should not matter if you connect charger to wall or prone first .
you can install betterbatterystats ( from play store or from xda , the latter is free ) and see which is causing this . if you are running the phone without a sim card this might also be the reason : some phones are not tested well if there is no sim inserted ( my old xperia x8 is such a phone for example ) . narrow it down this way : switch the phone to airplane mode ( switches wifi/bluetooth/gsm off ) then re-enable wifi ( plus maybe bluetooth ) again . just leave it for a while and see if it is better now .
it appears to be defined in /init . rc , at least on my device : export path /sbin:/system/sbin:/system/bin:/system/xbin i do not think you can edit this file directly though , even with root access , because it is part of the read-only boot image , not the /system partition . if you want to edit it then i guess you would have to unpack , edit and re-pack the boot image as described here : http://android-dls.com/wiki/index.php?title=howto:_unpack%2c_edit%2c_and_re-pack_boot_images i have not tried this though .
i do not think this is a driver issue . please try the following- unplug the usb cable from your phone . on the phone , dial the following number : *#7284# once the last # is hit , the phoneutil application should be launched . choose usb -> modem and then usb -> pda mode . the good mode should be pda . even if the mode is pda , switch to modem and then back to pda ! ! ! now plug the usb cable back in your phone/pc and check if it works . ( i had the same problem on my samsung galaxy 3 , and i resolved it like this )
i had this same problem : uninstall kies and usb drivers restart pc install kies restart pc finally , connect phone to pc ( usb debugging off ) then let windows automatically install drivers for the phone
yes . cpu is not the only thing using power but definitely a major one ( when not idling ) . most android devices have a ' battery ' section in settings which lists what applications are using up your battery . i think it gets reset every time you plug in a recharger . there might be 3rd party apps which collect that information over longer term and display it moer pretty .
i use foxfi on the phone , and you have to install pdanet on a tablet ( i am using galaxy s4 with galaxy tab2 ) . works at about 1mbps . no root needed .
following @shadow 's suggestion i have googled a bit more . . . turns out that android > = 4.1.2 prevents you from using tethering if you are served by a virtual operator ( as i am ) . this is a nice post http://albertomilone.com/wordpress/?p=581 explains pretty well the situation and propose a solution based on iptables . edit looks like this problem is solved with android 4.4.2 as stated here
download root checker . . from the play store . . and then you will come to know your phone version . . if korean or international version . . maybe you got cheated . . while buying . . or you did not pay attention/check it out properly ! if it is rooted you got no help with samsung . . as far as i know . . but you can give it a try ! and also leave the flashing to professionals ! take it some mobile repair centre . . which you trust ! : ) hope it helps . . even i am getting heating issues on my shv-e160l ! : (
infact your phone is not the international note 1 gt-n700 . you have the korean version shv-e160l which is converted to n700 .
maybe you should try out heimdall ? unpack the package , select files and flash . there are many video tutoritals about it . my phone did not work with odin , i tried heimdall and it did not show any fail : )
do a general reset all will be well . if you still have trouble , do a factory reset by holding the volume down and power buttons as you turn phone on .
google chat/talk sessions can be recorded and saved to your gmail account using a gmail setting . from google 's chat support pages : changing your chat history settings you can adjust your chat history settings in gmail at any time . chat history for google talk is only available to users who are signed in with a gmail username . from gmail : sign in to gmail . click the gear icon at the top of any gmail page , and open the chat tab . from the chat tab : select ' do not save chat history in my gmail account ' to disable chat history saving , or , select ' save chat history in my gmail account ' to enable chat history saving . click save changes . keep in mind that if you have disabled chat history saving , people you chat with may still choose to save chat histories in their gmail settings . if you would prefer that someone you are talking to does not save your chat , you can take the conversation off the record . if you are talking to someone who is connected to the network with a desktop chat client , it is possible that his or her software is keeping a separate copy of the chat history .
while inside the chat if i tap on menu i see an option to stop to save . . . ( i do not now the exact text in english . maybe you selected that menu ? or did so the person you are chatting with ?
check out the app called " app protector " .
give this application a try app lock you sound be able to lock the application you want to keep private .
the two best sms replacement apps - handcent and gosms both have options for putting up a pin input screen before allowing access to the app . both also allow this functionality to be extended to the default in-built sms app as well . gosms also allows a user to apply this security screen to all apps , but that tends to hinder rather than help , imo .
i know this does not solve your problem of flashing a modem via odin , but have you had a look at the collection of cwm modems , e.g. here http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=47234771postcount=1220nocache=1z=1674485336989164 there is this hint : originally posted by lambstone ok it worked . if anyone else is having issues with the baseband not changing , do this .
finally fixed the issue ( old cwm ) : upgraded cwm from 6.0.3.2 to 6.0.4.4 using rom manager . rebooted to recovery mode wipe data / factory reset wipe cache partition wipe dalvik cache flash cm zip ( two times ) flash gapps reboot phone ( boot animation now showed ; this was just black before ) after the phone booted , ( and the usual wizard ) , i noticed the baseband was no longer unknown , but listed my previously-flashed modem . i rebooted phone into download mode and flashed a different modem ( for my region ) . phone working normally now . : )
checkout bradybound . it is a system wide download speed shaper/limiter . few things to note : the app requires root access . it works by dropping packets using iptables . this wastes some traffic - how much depends on the type of traffic ( e . g . long running download , web browsing ) . rate measurement is done by number of packets instead of bytes so the speed limit will not be accurate . this only limits tcp traffic ( it makes no sense to drop udp packets ) . note also that i am the author of this app .
well there is no such app at the moment but google is planning to introduce this in the near future . . bandwidth throttling feature
while not for the faint of heart , how about the linux command traffic control ? check out the man page for a quick run-down . you will need root and the android terminal emulator app ( or similar ) . i think this guide will be helpful , especially the script quoted below ( although because i am not rooted i have not tried it myself ) . you can either try to run the script using sh or using bash , or simply type the commands from the script directly in terminal after replacing the variables with your desired values . let us know how it goes .
3gb advertised by the manufacturer is the total capacity of memory chips installed in the device . but this memory is shared between multiple components ( like ap , bp , gpu , etc ) . 2.4gb reported by android is the amount available to ap . the rest is not " missing " . it is just being used by other components .
this is normal , it is impossible to clear the entire cache . since the os cache is it is own system files , while the clear cache button is likely for clearing the app cache . the missing memory is consistent across all such devices , may be reserved for video processor cache .
i have the same problem with samsung galaxy ace 2 . to make your default storage the sd card you need to modify vold . fstab . but to modify this file you need to root your phone . i think there is no other way to do this . hope i have helped = ) .
in the regular xauth/rsa authentication scheme both client and server are mutually authenticated using rsa certificates during phase 1 of the internet key exchange protocol ( ikev1 ) that is used to negotiate ipsec connections . in a second authentication step the client authenticates itself using xauth ( e . g . with username/password , but there can be other credentials ) , which is desribed in draft-ieft-ipsec-isakmp-xauth and an extension on top of ikev1/isakmp ( often called phase 1.5 as it comes , together with mode config , between main/aggressive mode and phase 2 , quick mode ) . with the hybrid xauth/rsa scheme , which is described in draft-ietf-ipsec-isakmp-hybrid-auth , the client does no authentication during phase 1 of the negotiation . only the server does so during that phase , allowing the client to verify that it is talking to the right vpn server when it continues to authenticate itself using xauth . this simplifies deployment as no client certificates/keys are required . and compared to the commonly used xauth/psk scheme it prevents man-in-the-middle attacks , which are possible there due to the publicly known pre-shared secret ( at least in larger deployments ) .
if you will not found any clue , handset sms do that , see android store : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.handcent.nextsmshl=en
there is not a contact picker per se . after you type in one contact , type a comma and start typing the name of another . separate multiple contacts by commas .
both the pop3 and your email client are issues . as prior poster pointed out , pop3 does not support partial downloading . however , many email clients do support limiting message download size . by setting up the right limit , you can just download message but not the attachment . when you click on attachment , you will be asked whether you want to download the attachment . this method does work . if you are current mail client does not support this , consider changing clients . i too use k-9 and feel it is pretty good , plus its free ( open source ) . k-9 does support limiting download size on pop3 accounts . if you are email provider supports imap , you ought to switch . imap is way way better .
k-9 mail does load attachments only on request . but your problem is not only the client , it is more the protocol used for retrieving e-mail : pop3 does not support the partial download of an e-mail without their attachment ( s ) , whereas imap does . besides of that imap has some nice extensions when it comes to mobile usage : lemonade profiles
it looks like the easiest way to fix this is to add albumartist tags to each album .
most newer android tablets provide both wifi and wifi+3g variants . if a tablet is wifi only - then yes , the tablet can only access the internet via a wifi hotspot/network . if a tablet has 3g capability as well , then yes - a sim and data plan would be needed to use the 3g functionality , but not required to use the tablet . the benefits of using a 3g model would be that you always have an internet connection , even if there is not a wifi network available ( as long as your mobile network has coverage where you are ) . the 3g system in tablets is the same as in phones - except that most 3g enabled tablets do not have the ability to make voice calls , or send sms 's - they are limited to using only the internet through the 3g network . 3g tablets are more expensive than the wifi only models - mostly costing in the region of ~£100 more , however the benefits can be rather useful - especially if you would be using the tablet out and about alot . however , if you possess an android device as well , then you could just purchase a wifi only model , and use the portable hotspot feature of your android phone to create a wifi network that the tablet can connect to , to use the 3g internet of your phone . so , in conclusion : 3g tablets can be connected to the internet practically everywhere 3g tablets can cost around £100 more than wifi only varients wifi only varients can only access the internet when a connectible wifi network is present a sim and data plan are needed to use 3g data on a 3g capable tablet - this will cost extra 3g tablets are ideal for those that will be taking them out and about with them , and would need an internet connection while they are out and about with their tablet wifi only tablets are ideal for those that would only be using the tablet indoors that has a wifi network available , or for those that wish to to the wifi hotspot feature of their android phone .
while trying to explain where to find that "4th tab " , i just see where your problem is : you use the %wifi variable to check for a ) on/off and b ) the connection mode . either it is on/off , or it holds connection info . the first is %wifi , the other %wifii : wifi info %wifii when connected to an access point ( ap ) , shows human-readable data about the ap . when not connected , show details of the most recent wifi scan results for nearby aps . wifi status ( dynamic ) %wifi whether wifi is on or off . note : if wifi is enabling or disabled , in fact anything but enabled , it is classed as off . source : tasker userguide now back to the original explanation about that "4th tab": you see some tabs in both pictures . in the first , " profiles " is selected , in the second " tasks " . in both pictures you see another tab " scenes " . right to that is one more , " variables": but regardless of that : for debugging , you can always to add another item to your task , " notify " , and have it either popup the %wifi ( or whatever variables ) content or add it to your notification bar . this is good for debugging .
i have no idea how to monitor agps data consumption ; it will probably be counted as Android System itself using up data . but if you do have a-gps enabled , it will use data . from wikipedia : a typical a-gps-enabled receiver will use a data connection ( internet or other ) to contact the assistance server for agps information . if it also has functioning autonomous gps , it may use standalone gps , which is sometimes slower on time to first fix , but does not depend on the network , and therefore can work beyond network range , and without incurring data usage fees . some a-gps devices do not have the option of falling back to standalone or autonomous gps . in Settings &gt; Location &gt; Location mode , you can set it to Device only for gps-only . Battery saving and High accuracy will definitely use data .
ios and android are two different systems . the only way to run android apps on ios would be with an emulator . there exists a project called iphodroid . it has a google code project page and an official homepage . the last update from the homepage is from may 2011 and given the rapid development regarding android and ios i doubt that this is still functional . you can try it , but at your own risk ! i have never tested it .
i got this some time ago , and even after deleting all of messages ( i back them up to my gmail ) i got the same thing . the problem was that when the internal memory fell below 22m or so ( i forget exactly ) , this message appears . the sms themselves take up very little space , so deleting them had no effect . you may also be suffering from this bug , as i was , which it is important to know about : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=4991
sms messages are stored in your internal phone memory , usually in this location . /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db  also , if you installed some apps , by default apps are usually installed to the internal memory unless you have specified otherwise ans you are using froyo or higher or some other variant of apps2sd etc . you can use an app like sms backup and archive sms to your gmail account or an alternate sms app like gosms which has a provision to backup/restore sms from the sd card . as an aside , try freeing up some space by moving / uninstalling apps that you do not require and clearing up your browser cache and app data from other apps . an app like cachemate might help if you are rooted .
depending on your rom , there might be two settings for screen lock : user turns of screen explicitly ( default : lock immediately ) screen turns off by timeout ( default : lock after 5 seconds if not switched on again by user before that ) you might wish to check with your device . it is usually found in settings&rarr ; display . not that this is not separately configurable on all devices .
i have a similar problem with my s3 mini . two or three times a week the gsm/edge/3g signal strength indicator is at zero and i cannot make or recieve calls , despite being in a good signal area . a simple power down and power up restores the connection , reports good ssi and the backlog of sms and voicemail calls start coming .
i experienced a similar problem , and it was caused by physical activity making the sim card coming slightly loose , just enough so that the phone could not read it reliably . try turning the phone off completely , removing the sim card , reinserting the sim card , and then restarting the phone . if that makes the problem go away ( at least for a few days ) , then it probably is the sim card coming loose : maybe that specific phone is on the largest extreme of manufacturing tolerance , and the sim card is at the smallest extreme . in this case , a little paper inserted alongside the sim card , on the side without the contacts , could provide a more lasting fix .
use class 10 sd cards . there will be fewer problems .
i used an otg adapter and a keyboard . plugged it in and then powered up . typed in my code then plugged into laptop running kies . got all my contacts and messages and more
i believe the s4 supports usb on-the-go . if you get yourself an otg adapter , you can use it to plug in a usb mouse and unlock the screen that way . a mouse click/drag works just like a screen touch in android .
see my answer and my comment about replacing a font file Droidsansfallback.ttf . i am sure you can search and find many file sharing sites sharing this file . you can also extract the font file from any of the android device that you may have . after replacing the font file and restarting the phone , chances are pretty high that you might not be able to see the word हिन्दी as you see here , rather you might see it split as ह ि न्द ी without spaces . nothing much you can do if it shows up like this as i my question is all about that : (
open a contact from the " people " app ( the contact list ) by tapping on its name , then press the Menu button ( the galaxy nexus analogue to this should be the ... button ) . one of the menu options should be " delete " .
well , i did not find a way to hide it ; but switched to using widgetlocker for my lock screen and just disabled cm 's .
for photowall app , you can do a simple trick do have a photowall of the pictures you want only , use a file explorer application and create a folder ( for example " myfotowall" ) , then copy all pictures that you want them to appear in your photowall to that folder . now go back to the photowall live wall paper setting , you can make photowall to use the picture folder only , navigate it to " myfotowall " folder , then voila ! you can view the reference image of how and where to choose the image folder in photowalls setting .
i doubt that unless your phone would use a proxy located in us . so yes it is posible . . .
well for the vibrant , the codes are as follows ; for example , ka7: the first letter is the year : k is the eleventh letter of the alphabet , so 2011 . the second is the month : january ( a = 1 ) . 7 is the revision or build , so ka6 is older than ka7 , etc . it is obviously different for the i9000 but you should be able to find that info on xda . they will also tell you which release is which version of android , which is not in the code afaik .
flash rom with fastboot before starting ensure bootloader is unlocked . obtain a rom of your choice , and note the location on your computer . 1 ) reboot your device into fastboot mode via one of the following options . a . adb reboot bootloader ( requires usb debugging to be turned on ) . - for working adb or b . power off the device then back on with ' vol up ' + power button . - for nonworking adb 2 ) wipe your device . fastboot -w 3 ) update your rom . fastboot update /path/to/your/romfile . zip 4 ) your phone will update and automatically reboot into the new rom edit try the universal naked drivers by 1wayjohnny over at xda forums . this has been included because my researching has also found corrupted drivers can be the culprit try http://code.google.com/p/boot-unlocker-gnex/ to reset tamper flags . the only other information i could find for the error : device not found is not helpful in this forum . it does lead towards development and programming though .
same happened to me . i just reinstalled the google calendar app and all my entries returned on my samsung calendar . i think you just need to have the app installed to make it all work properly ; i have never actually used the google calendar app which is why i uninstalled it . hope it works for you too .
had the same problem . you have to delete the account that is associated with the calendar , then add it again . if you do not know how to do this- here is the step-by-step process . **make sure all of your phone numbers and contacts are synced first ! ! ** go to > settings then > accounts then click on > google ( or whatever calendar account you are wanting to gain access to again ) then delete /remove the email associated with the calendar . now go back to settings> accounts then click > add new account then input your info and add the account ( make sure the calendar sync option is checked ) then go check your calendar . it should be back up and running . .
see the faq , particularly the billing section . you will not get charged for turning on data roaming and connecting to an orange network , but you need to remember to turn it back off before roaming on any other networks to avoid charges . also , the faq mentions that it is only for calls and text messages right now , but it is not clear why they would also mention the data roaming setting if that is the case , so ymmv . regardless , you will likely be limited to 2g since 3g is typically on a carrier specific frequency . and of course , all of this may change if at and t completes their acquisition .
you could write an app that locks to portrait orientation when whatever conditions you want are met . so you could make it always be portrait unless the phone is held perfectly vertical in landscape position . as far as i can tell , you can not force landscape orientation , so you will have to just enable autorotation unless you want to make your own rom . your app will probably need to be a service and use sensormanager . you can search the android source on google code .
this widget works well . . . no customer rom or root required . :0 )
in cyanogenmod , and you can set up to have the power widget on the notification bar , the power widget in cyanogen is enhanced so it can control more settings , one of it is the ability to lock the orientation sensor . whenever you want to lock , simply pull out the notification bar and tap on the lock orientation button .
i was searching this question because i had a linked device contact with a google contact . i do not know how i got it that way . to unlink 1 contact from another open the contact . choose the menu and choose separate contact . from that screen it is not obvious but there is a faded button on the right of each of the contacts that are linked . when you press it , the device will prompt " separate contact " cancel or ok . for me i have a contact that is exchange and google . it was also linked to another google and a device contact . i had to separate the device contact ( another person ) and the google contact ( a different other person ) .
this is not actually a linked contact unless the contact you added it to is from a social network . that is why the unlinking will not work . go to edit the number , select the entire number and copy it , then delete it from the wrong contact , go back , add a new contact , long-press the phone no . field and select paste . or you can use pen and paper too if you prefer .
to put android into " listening mode " , do your long press , then click on the google logo at the bottom of the screen . that is google now , your siri counterpart . for samsung devices with s-voice , double-pressing quickly on the home button will trigger s-voice .
it may be that your intranet sites are actually hosted on another subnet , and access is through a proxy server . direct dns lookup , and even ip routing to the host may not be possible . the browser on your laptop might be automatically configuring the proxy , whereas the tab would not . i can be tricky to determine where the proxy server is , however it maybe possible with netstat and a little knowledge . on the laptop , start downloading a large file from the intranet , and run this from a command prompt : netstat -an look for a connection on a port like 80 , 8080 , 443 , or 8443 . this would be the server you need to configure as your proxy server on the tab . it is also worth exploring the dns suffix options suggested above .
sometimes cables do not conform to standards and mess up the auto-negotiation of power level for the devices attached to them . ( devices can tell the computer / charger how much electricity they require ) . phone can handle the max level of electricity , so soldering the 2nd and 3rd pins together on the cable will demand more power from the computer .
do you use any app killer ? i used to use this kind of software , and sometimes i accidentally killed some system service and then it only charged again after a reboot . i stopped using app killers after that .
i have a charger with a bad cable . it sometimes charges and sometimes it will not . wiggling the cable point seems to help ( do not do that though for risk of damaging your phone . check if its your cable or your phone by charging your phone with a data cable . if that charges your device your original charges is faulty . if this doesnt work either your phone connector is bad and you can either wiggle till it works or get a new phone .
may be possible that when plugging in your charger/usb cables it is not making a connection , i had a problem on an old phone ( nokia n95 ) with this and had to send it off for a new one . also possible that it may be the charger , have you got another you could try ?
it might be possible in some cases ( i know sony has released blobs before for rom devs to use ) , but generally oem 's have agreements with carriers and release only carrier-laden ones . i know you said " without rooting " , but you could technically flash a custom recovery and from there flash a " de-bloated " stock rom from another developer . i know it is probably not really what you mean , but it does technically avoid rooting :p . that is probably going to be your best bet . another , more ad-hoc option would be to freeze carrier apps ( via titanium backup or something similar ) , and/or use alternative launchers like nova or apex to hide them from your app drawer . i do not think you need to be rooted to freeze an app , but i could be wrong . i feel your pain though , had an htc evo 4g back in the day . never have i ever cared less about sprint 's sponsorship of nascar .
apps do not consume battery . the device consumes the battery as it does things like run apps . so the only way to measure battery use is physically . fortunately , devices record battery use themselves . there is most often an area in settings where you can view the approximate percentage of battery used by apps , cell standby , etc . you could also kill/remove everything except your app and see how long the battery lasts on a full charge , and compare it to how long the battery lasts without your app running . the best way to ensure low battery use is good design , though . your app should not be busy waiting , otherwise it will consume much more battery than needed . you also mention ( i think ) that your app will not work if the phone is rebooted . plenty of other alarm apps work after the phone is rebooted , so i think you need to look into that .
the battery may be ok . i had this problem and fixed it . 1 ) plug the phone into a charger . 2 ) the pins get loose , so press the battery towards the pins and press the on button . 3 ) once the phone starts to boot up , you can take the pressure off and replace the back onto the phone . whoolahhh !
try using a different battery . samsung phones have user-replaceable batteries , and your current one may be defective .
go to settings in your device=> choose storage => then go into more settings , and check two options over there , that should fix it .
go to settings &lt ; &lt ; storage &lt ; &lt ; choose option at upper right corner &lt ; &lt ; usb computer connection &lt ; &lt ; enable media device option .
for those who are getting problems with adb , you can do this : go to device manager if there is is something called android device at the top or at the second dropdown , uninstall it download the drivers and install
transfer files through usb ( windows and mac os ) you can use a usb cable to transfer music , pictures , and other files from your device to a computer and vice versa . related settings to change your device 's usb connection options , touch settings > device > storage > menu > usb computer connection . windows transfer connect your device to the usb port on your computer . its usb storage is mounted as a drive and appears on your computer screen . copy files back and forth as you would using any other external device . when you finish , eject the device from within windows before unplugging the usb cable . mac os transfer install android file transfer from www.android.com/filetransfer, and follow the instructions there . ( if you are using android file transfer for the first time , double-click it to open it . after the first connection , it opens automatically whenever you connect . ) connect your device to your computer with a usb cable . android file transfer starts , if it’s not already running , and opens a window that displays the contents of your device , along with storage space details at the bottom of the window . work with this window much as you do in the finder window : open and close folders , create new folders , and drag files to or from it and other finder windows . disconnect the usb cable when you finish . by google site : device settings
download this software and connect your android device . you will be able to access your phone memory .
you could use adb for this . in connection with graphical frontends like e.g. qtadb this makes it easy to access your device 's storage . access from the command line is also possible ( see the linked tag-wiki ) . another possibility is to install a ssh server on your device , which you then could access using either an ssh command line client , or also with graphical applications like e.g. winscp . how much of your internal storage you can access either way depends on whether your android device is rooted . only portions of the internal storage are accessible for users other than root .
this does not quite answer your question , but i wonder if you could change how you grip or store your phone . for example , i never have this problem with my droid 1 . it lives upright in my pocket , and i am able to grasp it and pull it out without touching the touchscreen at all , and since it is upright , even if i did grab the screen , i would be touching the top part , which is away from the sliders for me . my previous phone has a little place for a wrist strap , and i tied a big rubber ring to it which i could then grab with one finger to retrieve from the pocket . your phone is different of course , but maybe you can reason your way to some handling procedures that work around the problem .
buy case or cover for your phone . it will give you opportunity to take phone from your pocket without touching the screen . this is not perfect solution , but i do not see another solutions . also i agree with you that swiping screen while getting phone out from pocket is annoying . +1 .
the way i solved the issue to my satisfaction was to buy and install the widgetlocker lockscreen app . this is an awesome little app that basically allows you to replace your lockscreen ( and incoming call screen too ) with something customized . i just have one horizontal slider to unlock the screen now , and it has completely eliminated accidental screen unlocks , as well as accidental accepts/rejects for incoming calls ! :- ) i would highly recommend widgetlocker lockscreen in any case , because being able to customize the lockscreen is really nice .
install tasker from google play , create a scene without any further contents , produce a task to show this scene as overlay , blocking , fullscreen , with exit button , and then a profile to run on state call , incoming performing this task . more beautiful scenes are possible .
if you want to check programmatically , checking the system features via the packagemanager object works , as far as i can tell for my device . this method does not give the exact supported number , but rather a categorisation as follows : touchscreen_multitouch jazzhand ( tracks 5 or more touches fully independently ) touchscreen_multitouch distinct ( tracks 2 or more touches fully independently ) touchscreen_multitouch ( basic 2 finger gesture compatibility ) depending on your task as hand , this might be sufficient enough , however gathrawn 's comment regarding low-tier phones makes me worry if it can be relied on that all those vendors actually set those values correctly before deploying the software . other than that , i do not know any way currently ( but would also like to learn about one ) - apart from maybe having the users test their devices as your app starts up , when the detected api level is less than 11 for instance .
are all touch-screens on modern devices multitouch capable on hardware level ( if software supports it ) ? this is more or less impossible to answer without spec sheets for every android device that has ever been created ( within whatever timeframe you consider " modern" ) . very broadly speaking , devices from major manufacturers over the last several years will typically support multitouch to some degree , but even that overall degree of support can vary between devices . if not than how to detect if touchscreen screen by itself is multitouch or not ? there are a bunch of apps for this . i would say pick one and try it . if you want to try to verify the results , pick several and try them all .
here is a segment from the description of samsung link : * allshare play is now samsung link . continue to log-in with your samsung account to access your pictures , videos , and documents previously stored on allshare play . access and play content across smart devices , anytime anywhere samsung link enables users to access and play content saved on other devices over a wireless access point as well as over the internet . this gives me the impression that the item you are sharing is an allshare item , possibly shared by you long ago , without your remembering it . it may even have been shared to you by a different allshare user , and belongs to that account . ( this is just a guess ) to attach it , it would make sense that you have to log in as the accountholder that owns it .
uninstall all the updates to google search in the google play store . restart , and reinstall .
the simplest solution would be to remove the lock screen but that leads to a whole new set of problems . i would recommend switching to another type of lock screen such as pin input or password input . that way the ok button must be pressed in order to submit a password attempt . the most effective solution of course - do not give your smartphone to your kids . :- )
why not install a sandbox which will prevent this kind of thing from happening ? it is a form of parental control and content management so that certain apps are locked out from kids . and the bonus - with the sandbox activated , you can still give it to your kids to play with . and no messing about with settings , deleting certain things such as contacts , sms etc . for example ( take this with a pinch of salt here ) , accidentally buying an app from the google play store without your knowledge .
i have used secure settings , although it does not always work as advertised . i use this with locale to simply disable the lockscreen when i am in certain locations .
canvas 4 doesnot have dlna or wifi direct . micromax is working on kitkat update for canvas it it is expected to be release between april-june 2014 . as a workaround for wifi direct you can use fast file transfer source : my friend have this phone
the official android version will be updated when the manufacturer decides . if you are rooted you can try cm11 here , but be careful . if you want to use wifi direct try this app
1 ) go to your phone 's settings > storage 2 ) unmount sd card ( your external sd card ) 3 ) download/install from the app ( s ) from the store again 4 ) go back to settings > storage - then mount your sd card again ( or reboot ) or you can try this 1 ) insert the sd card in you windows pc 2 ) you will find a folder named android_secure in it you will find the file named smdl2tmp1.asec delete it ( make sure in pc folder options , the show hidden files are enabled and the hide protected operating system files is unchecked ) source : xda
sounds like it is trying to install direct to your sd card . go to settings> storage> unmount SD card install the app mount SD card again
better you format and try again , still prob download your app from your pc , search playstore and download from it . if you havent set your mobile number , set it . or download apks from http://apps.evozi.com/apk-downloader/ in your pc and copy and move it to your mobile phone
file systems are organized in " blocks " of data , where each block has the same size . internal storage ( as well as some others which use nand-flash ) on android uses a block size of 128kb . especially video files are a bit larger , so they do not fit in a single " block " on the file system . in order to store them , they are split and spread about multiple blocks . this usually is no problem , as there is some " index " holding all the information of where those blocks are and what file they belong to . however : on a crash , some of that information might be lost -- while other parts have been preserved . so your recovery process was 100% able to restore those files where complete information was available . i do not know what you used , but many of those recovery tools additionally scan all " unused blocks " ( where the " index " says there is nothing stored currently ) for data fragments , and this way discovers some additional files . but sometimes it is not possible to get all their pieces together , or do so in the correct order . because of this , some of your videos might play for a few seconds ( blocks ) , until the " lost information " part is reached . i hope my explanation was understandable ; i went for easy understanding instead of precise technologic terms . as to your question on how to restore the missing parts : i am afraid they are lost . but if you update your question and add information on what you used to restore your files , plus how you did it , we can look into it . one word straight ahead : i hope you did not write anything on that sd card since -- or chances for restauration are really low . first thing to make sure on data loss : avoid writing to that medium until you have all your data restored ( or all hope to restore them is lost ) ! ! first steps on data loss stop writing to the device you lost data from ( in your case , the sd card ) . lost data might still be left more-or-less intact somewhere on the medium , but the corresponding blocks are marked " unused " -- so each new write lowers your chances on a successful recovery make sure all subsequent access to the device is read-only . while you might not have access to a write blocker , some sd-cards offer a corresponding switch ( use it ! ) , or some card readers might provide something like that . with a linux/unix system you are well off also , as it is quite easy to explitly mount devices read-only . best idea is to make a block-level copy of the medium . on linux/unix , this can be done using the dd command . this copy can be done to an equivalent medium ( which in your case would be another 16gb sd card , best of the same brand ) , but also to a file -- which then can be mounted ( again , best read-only ) as a loopback device . all susequent steps should use the so-created disk image : this ensures , even if some action fails and destroys something here , your original medium remains untouched , providing an additional safety layer . having created a disk image , optionally make a copy of that again ( easy if it is a file -- otherwise just repeat the first procedure with the image as source ) . this provides another level of safety , as , having broken something on the 2nd image , you need not touch the original , but can start again from the first copy . having created and mounted the image , as described in the previous steps , you now can try with all available recovery tools to get as much data restored as possible . if one tool does not restore enough , try the next , and so on . if the image breaks , see previous step . having all data ( or as much as was possible ) restored , there is not much more you can do . you might decide to keep one of the images and/or the original . if not all data was restored successfully , you might even decide to send the original plus the image to some forensics specialist or data recovery service . on the seventh day he rested from his work ; ) useful tools there are a lot of tools available to help you recover your data . i cannot mention them all here -- but at least a few should be named . some are addressing the end user , coming with a nice gui -- others are rather intended for the forensics specialist , coming with a lot of command-line switches , and again others might provide both . wondershare data recovery was already mentioned being used by the op . i cannot say much about it , as i never used it : it is available for windows and macos ( and i run linux ) . testdisk would be my tool of choice . it is available for dos , windows , macos , linux , and more -- and i have successfully used it a couple of times . photorec comes from the same developers as testdisk , and is available for a broad range of operating systems both tools are mentioned on livehacker 's article five best free data recovery tools -- and as it says " five " , there are obviously 3 more available . i do not want to list up things i do not know -- but from here , everybody should find his/her way . hopefully . so good luck -- or better : good results !
ruus are linked to carrier and their allocation of devices so it can be tricky to find the right ruu for your device i had a similar issue with my htc magic and i used a goldcard method to downgrade the bootloader so that may be a good place to start , do not lose heart it can be done due to the massive amounts of different ruus out there it can be really confusing it took me ~6 weeks to find the right solution to downgrade my htc magic so i could root it , i have never looked back since http://lmgtfy.com/?q=downgrade+desire+bootloader+goldcard
i finally succeeded ! ! ( youhou ! ! you can not believe how proud i am ! ) first of all , i want to indicate that links on xda ( those that goes in multiupload.com, that redirect to lnx . lu ) , sucks ! i can not believe it . you have to download a " download manager " , with so many related ads and apps you must install . it is a shame . ( i am very angry agains't them ( lnx . lu ) for wasting my time just because they are greedy ) . now , the real answer ! you need to downgrade your hboot version before running the ruu rom , for that , it is quite easy : first , you choose your rom on that page , and notice the rom version then , you go here ( if the link is down , you can download the source code here ! ) and define the cid and the rom version . for the cid , if you do not know it , just set to 11111111 or htc__022 . if you want to try something more precise , you can try the one related to your carrier from this link . keep the download file to a specific directory ( for this case , it will be /tmp/mtd0.img ) . now you need the flash_image tool , if you can not find one , here 's a link . download it to /tmp/flash_image now some command line . for that , you will need the android sdk and a correct usb driver ( adb should return a device when connected , with debug on ) . do these commands : once the phone is on ruu mode ( showing a grey htc logo ) , run the . exe rom you downloaded previously , wait for it to finish , and voilà ! you are done ! : ) here 's the doc i followed for the commands .
sure , just be aware that doing so you will lose the warranty ! if you want to do it anyway , just go to sammobile . com and look for your phone ( just type i9100 in the search box ) . in the result list , choose your firmware and download it . to flash it , follow these steps : download odin v1.85 from here unzip the downloaded files , both odin and the firmware power off your phone and boot into download mode . to do so , press and hold the volume down and home buttons together , and then tap the power button until you see the construction android robot icon with a triangle . hit the power button again to confirm entry into download mode launch odin on your computer and connect your phone to it while your phone is still in download mode in case your phone connects successfully , one of the id:com boxes will turn yellow with the corresponding com port number . this process may be time-consuming choose the files to be flashed or installed on your phone , which can be found among the extracted files in step 2 click the pda button and choose the file named ' code ' . tap the phone button and choose the file named ' modem ' . ignore this step if such file is missing . hit the csc button and choose the file named ' csc ' . ignore this step if such file is absent . click the pit button and choose the . pit file . ignore this step if there is no such file in odin , enable auto reboot and f . reset time options . in case of the re-partition option , check it only if you chose a . pit file in the previous step click the start button in odin and the rom installation process will begin . it may take a few minutes to complete . do not disconnect the phone or it will irremediably bricked once the rom is installed , your phone will reboot . when you see the home screen , disconnect the phone from the computer . this may take a long long time , so do not panic and give it a few minutes your samsung galaxy s2 i9100 is now successfully updated . go to settings > about phone to verify the firmware version installed . enjoy : )
doubletwist with airsync will do this , as long as they are connected to the same wifi network and looking at the same location . for bulk file transfers , most file explorers ( like es file explorer ) allow you to browse devices from other devices on the same network .
the majority of books on sites like amazon , barnes and nobles , and the like , are definitly payed for . all of them offer some free books to get you in , but you end up in a " closed ecosystem": you can read them only with their dedicated readers , as they often use their own formats ( amazon ) or at least some drm . if you want to go for free content , you are much better of chosing an ebook reader app supporting the open epub format ( some exemples include , but are not restricted to : moon+ reader , fbreader , and aldiko . at least the first two already ship with a load of free libraries pre-configured , which they can access directly from inside the app .
from kindle store , you can only get popular classics for free . but , kindle is integrated with many of free ebook providers . for example , on open library , you can click Send to Kindle link while viewing a free title ( amazon authentication will be required ) . see amazon 's free ebooks collection page . it gives you all required instructions to get free ebooks from various sites . also , there is no difference if you read a book with kindle app on nexus 7 or kindle ebook reader device . . except kindle ebook reader device does not have color display and would provide a very-very long battery life .
adb push will copy any file to the phone , whereas adb install will only accept an apk file , and will install it onto the device .
more specifically adb push [file] [path]  will take [ file ] from the pc and copy it to [ path ] on the android device . adb install [apkfile]  will copy [ apkfile ] from the pc into /data/app/ on the android device . the main difference being that push will let you specify where you want the file to go on the device , and install puts it in a known location ( the location " installed " apps exist in ) .
sorry , there is not way to do this . i believe that some launchers may wrap titles , but i can not think of any that do . as per dymutaos ' comment : adw wraps the titles of apps . they wrap it to a second line , and they make the second line smaller in order to fit within a certain space . though if the name is really long and does not fit within 2 lines , it still gets truncated .
you could also just move everything through your gmail account , using sms backup + . ( i recommend using wifi , as it can take a while on a mobile data connection , if you have a lot of content . )
you want the old version of lifesaver2 available from the free and open source android app repostitory http://f-droid.org it is available here or via the fdroid market app itself . to be able to install it you need to enable unknown sources . if you have no data connection on your old phone : put the lifesaver2_1.0 . apk on the sd card using your s3 or transfer it via bluetooth and then side-load it .
no , this is not how wi-fi works . you have to join the same wi-fi network first before sending any kind of ip datagrams .
highly recommend smssync . it is opensource , it does not try to do too many things , and it does this specific thing very well .
this works with mysms . com . the app syncs your text messages and calls and you get notified via a popup window - similar to skype .
you can use google voice to have calls ring your cell phone and any other phone you like ; as vyse mentioned you can use it directly with google chat , but with a little extra effort you can hook it into any sip phone like skype . this also works for sms messages , which will show up in your email and you can reply to exactly as if they were on your phone . aside from gv , there really are not any good alternatives for what you want to do without setting up your own vpbx like freeswitch or asterisk .
edit 2014/06: i have moved on and developed maxs . see my answer here . original answer : gtalksms ( google code project page ) is a alternative for android-notifier which works over xmpp ( gtalk , jabber ) . it allows you to control various aspects of android , includes a sms/call/battery notification and reply system . additionaly it is able to send and receive files to and from your android device . there are many other features too . using xmpp as transport , the " desktop app " can be every xmpp client . which is one of gtalksms big advantages , as it does not need a dedicated desktop app . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved in gtalksms . gtalksms is an open source gpl licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
the app backup to gmail sends sms , mms and calls to a folder you set on your gmail account . it is not forwarding the calls but you can at least see if someone called or texted you .
i have google voice set up which allows this . if you were to call or text my google voice number and i was signed into gmail in a web browser ( i exclusively use chrome ) i can answer the call using either my phone or the computer . i can also send and receive text messages from the computer . i am also able to answer calls using my house phone , too . i know that this does not answer your question but it may solve the problem of being unable to get the question answered .
maxs ( modular android xmpp suite ) forwards all kind of notifications ( calls , sms , etc ) to your pc over xmpp . it also allows you to control various aspects of android , includes a sms/call/battery notification and reply system . additionaly it is able to send and receive files to and from your android device . there are many other features too . using xmpp as transport , the " desktop app " can be every xmpp client . which is one of the big advantages of maxs , as it does not need a dedicated desktop app . although there may be one in the future . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into maxs . maxs is an open source gplv3 licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
for sms i highly recommend mightytext .netfor controlling your pone you can use airdroid , which is great . receiving calls on your computer i have not found any solution besides google voice and i live outside the usa so it is a bummer for me :- (
i have only seen notification apps so far , such as remote notifier for android . most of the time it works ok but sometimes the notifications are delayed or do not show up at all . note that the app requires a " server " application on the pc , which can be found here , along with instructions .
googles backup-api uses the directory /data/backup to queue outstanding backups ( which are not yet transferred ) . so if your device is rooted , you could investigate this directory for any files contained , and probably remove them if they cause trouble ( i am not sure if/how it then will be handled to figure out which backups it has to repeat , though -- so it is your own risk ) . but from your logcat i would say backupmanager already cleared that directory ( the second black line reads clearing pending backups , followed by beginning backup of 3 targets ) -- so i rather assume there is some faulty implementation with one of those 3 apps . i am not a developer , though , so i cannot say . you can check your history of installed apps ( the app appmonster imho offers to see the installation date ; i am not sure where to find this information with stock apps ) to see , which ones you installed last , and " roll back " until the problem disappers ( or you left the " probable time frame" ) . edit : do you have some more lines of that logcat ? it stops just when it is becoming interesting . i would follow those lines belonging to pid 181 here , so you probably can figure out which app is causing the problem . fifth line from the bottom up e.g. shows a wallpaper being backed up , along with the wallpaper 's api call ( android.app.backup.WallpaperBackupHelper -- i guess that is rather some android internal to backup wallpaper settings , but again : i am not a developer , i can only make guesses ) . there might be more lines like this , giving clues .
i do not know about this app specifically , but i can answer based on the usual behaviour of music players . if music is playing when you leave the app the usual way , the app starts a foreground service to keep playing the music . this is a special kind of service : it shows an " ongoing " notification and android will not kill it to free memory , unless it is really desperate . sometimes , this is exactly what the user wants : you start playing music , switch to another app , and the music keeps playing . but sometimes , it is not clear how to make it stop , and avoid the foreground service taking up memory . the " close " option gives you an obvious way to do this . in most cases , app authors should not add a " close " option , because it confuses users ( just as you have been confused here ) , and because the android app lifecycle does not work that way . in this case , the potential for confusion caused by the foreground service is greater , so it is a sensible trade-off .
i do not think google books has a voice interface , which is a shame . i do not know of any book app which does , i am afraid . moon+ reader is a great ebook app which has auto page turning , based on time , but they are very active and are always adding features - it may be worth emailing them and asking if they will implement it ?
while is there an app for x questions are off-topic here , just a little hint : you might wish to take a look at procapture and a better camera , which both support the volume rocker for either shutter or zoom ( configurable ) . i am pretty sure they are not the only ones .
or you can long hold the home button on the bottom of your phone and a little menu will prompt them go to task manager then go to tab that says clear defaults
you need to clear the " launch by default " setting for stumbleupon . open up your phone settings , then go to applications . look for the stumbleupon app , and click on it . here is where you can do things such as uninstall/disable the app , clear the data , etc . one of the options is to Clear defaults . this is the option you need to run . it will restore the app-selection menu for any actions where you set stumbleupon to be the default handler .
provided you have not rooted the device , a factory reset will reset the phone to the state it was in . note that sometimes , some extra content that was added by the manufacturer ( like some bundled music/images ) later may be wiped . obviously , if you are bundling along the same sd card that you were using earlier , format it and also run it through shredder programs . ideally , do not part with the same sd card - either give the next owner a new card or avoid it altogether .
adb will not automatically connect to your device when it is plugged in . the " devices " command will give you a list of " connected " devices , not devices available for connection . to connect your device issue the command : adb connect localhost let me know if i misunderstood your situation or if there is anything else i can do to help .
i use the internet download manager . you open the pdf in new tab and then copy your url and then click add url at internet download manager , paste to your url .
attachment2sd will do the trick . after you install it when you click on the pdf attachment in the gmail app it'll pop-up the " complete action using . . . " dialog . choose attachment2sd and it'll download to a directory on your sd card , where you can immediately open it or save it for later . this works with all kinds of files , not just pdf .
do not use the gmail app , instead use your browser , go to gmail.com, mobile or desktop view does not matter , open the mail you want to download the pdf from click on the pdf icon and it will be downloaded automatically . about doing so with the gmail app specifically , i have no idea , and that was how i dodge the pdf problem .
most common errors ( and solutions to them ) are : different file name : make sure the file is really named recovery-clockwork.img , in your example , or adjust your command according to the file name wrong path , e.g. your file resides in C:\Downloads , but you are executing fastboot flash recovery recovery-clockwork.img from C:\: either first change to the directory the .img file is located in , move the .img to where you want to execute your command , or try specifying the file with its full path ( e . g . C:\Downloads\recovery-clockwork.img ) sometimes adb/fastboot behaves strangely when executed from " somewhere else " . in those cases it helps to first changing to the directory where the resp . executable is located , and run your command from there .
normally , the mediascanner should pick them up from any place , add them to the library , and your player should find them . that works smoothly and immediately if you use the means the designers had in mind ( connect your device via mtp , transfer the files , disconnect – the mediascanner will start immediately ) . but as you use a different way ( we are bad doing so – i am doing it as well ; ) , mediascanner is not triggered immediately . so you either have to wait until it decides to run – or trigger it manually : it runs on every device boot , so a reboot triggers it it runs whenever the sdcard is mounted . so if your device has an external sdcard , going to settings → storage , and un-mounting plus re-mounting the card will trigger it as both above solutions are not really satisfying : there are several apps on play which let you trigger it manually , by just tapping their shortcut . one candidate still working with kitkat is sd scanner . see also my answers here and here . alternatively , you could try a music player that does not rely on the mediascanner . one example for those would be the gonemad music player : here you can define yourself which directories you want scanned , and can trigger a scan yourself from inside the app whenever needed . those rescans are blazingly fast , as they only scan directories you have defined – instead of checking everywhere on the device .
this is entirely up to you , and your personal preference . there is one thing i would suggest though : do not use rom manager ! it has a nasty history of damaged devices . i would suggest that you go with either cwm or twrp , if it is available for your device . i would suggest you flash it using fastboot , if it is available on your device . if it is not , then you should see forums such as xda-developers for info on how to flash recovery images .
replace your lockscreen with widgetlocket lockscreen . add hotspot toggle widget on widgetlocker lockscreen . you can find many such toggle widgets in play store . personally , i use widgetsoid ( it has lots of toggles ) . hotspot toggle is great if you are interested in only hotspot toggle . technically , i am the winner because its a 1-step solution . all you need is to tap the hotspot toggle widget on lockscreen . you do not need to even unlock . : )
this is one of the many things you can toggle with widgetsoid . you can either put a widget on one of your home screens or place the toggle in your notification tray .
do not bother with these 3rd party apps . go to " widgets " in your app drawer . long-press the " settings " icon and drag it to your main home screen and the shortcut settings menu for all your settings automatically appears .
there is an app on the android market called " tethering " , which requires no permissions to run , which provides a shortcut to the " tethering and portable hotspot " configuration screen . you can put this app on your home screen and that reduces your steps to : 1 ) unlock 2 ) tap the tethering icon on your home screen 3 ) slide portable hotspot on link i use it daily .
i can only recommend cyanogenmod , or , if you want to keep your rom : hotspot widget . cyanogenmod allows you to create a hotspot quick setting tile . the widget is placed on your home screen and if you want to enable/disable the hotspot tap it .
after months trying , i solved flashing the defyplus_u3_4.5.1-134_dfp-2311_blur_sign_usadefyemarab1b8tfde004.0r_pds03c_usajrdngibro2de_p020_a025_m002_service1ff . sbf
if you are ok with using password protection for your lockscreen instead of the pattern , it does work with llama , which is free ( unlike tasker ) . as john k pointed out , the " screen lock " action does not seem to work for most people . however , you can use the " screen lock password " action to set an empty password to disable the lock screen , and set it back to your normal screen lock password to enable it again . however , your phone will likely ( have not tested ) unlock automatically when you arrive at work without requiring the initial unlock you want . edit : yes it does i posted this in case anybody still needs this ( as i did ) and could not comment on the accepted answer as i am new to this site .
as t0mm13b already suggested , tasker can do that easily : condition : [ location ] task : keyguard disable/enable for location , you can use different sources : gps ( most power-hungry variant , as it requires a permanent gps scan -- but most accurate ) network based ( less power-hungry , but still requires at least wifi -- but less accurate ) cell based ( least power-hungry , not to say : using almost no additional power , as the mobile cells are either used for telephony and mobile data -- but also least accurate ) you can even combine them : having e.g. cell-based combined with gps would only start gps scanning when the cells already match . the trickier part will be the " require once " element , which will be doable with a more complex tasker profile . if this is relevant to you , i will update my answer to include some hints on this . other ( and easier to learn ) solutions might be available as well , but i am not sure whether they can control keyguard . so you might want to take a look at llama - location profiles , which can at least handle the " location-based " part quite well . and of course you can check the " other users also liked " section for these apps on the playstore .
there are several programs that will allow you to save your texts ( among other things ) on a computer , like myphoneexplorer . it depends if you want to be able to access them everywhere , or if having them on one computer is enough for you ( you can still do copies/backups of the texts ) .
files in /sys/ are part of sysfs which is a special virtual filesystem to dialog with the linux kernel . you can for example have a fast introduction here . therefore you cannot treat sysfs files as normal files as it may lead to strange behaviour depending on how the program treats them ( same for device files , usually in /dev , or files in procfs in /proc ) . usually to tweak that files you just write in them with an echo , such as echo 255 &gt; /sys/class/leds/mmc1::/max_brightness 
for your sms : check if the notifications in " messaging " is turned off . maybe you , someone or an app turned it off ( untrusted app ) . turn on the app and make sure the " show notifications " is checked . go to : settings -> more -> application manager -> all -> messaging you can do the same process for emails and voice messages . now , make sure all the services are on for emails and voice messages . go to : settings -> more -> application manager -> turned off check if any emails or voice services are off . if these are off ( you prob have rooted your phone ) then you should be able to turn them back on . you might need to reboot for these .
sorry but i have to ask , did you restarted your phone and checked if that fixes the problem , if so then go to system settings-> notifications and check there if everything is set there .
figured this out by looking at the desktop version . enter " about:config " into the address bar . search for " keyword . url " set the value of this setting to the new search provider . for example : " https://www.duckduckgo.com/?q= " update : this has changed in the newer versions of firefox ( desktop version too ) . you now have to install search engine addons . then enter " about:addons " in the address bar . long press on the search engine add on that you wish to be default and select " set as default " from the menu that appears .
check if any application you installed creates this folder . for example , " easy battery saver " app creates its own image and video folders when you open it . i suspect , there is some application , which when you access , creates this folder .
the problem disappeared when a newer cyanogenmod build was flashed . ( the problem was present on a stable slimkat rom as well . )
per your last comment , you seek runkeeper pro ( appbrain link ) also check out runkeeper . com . i highly recommend it although i am most likely underestimating it since i just use it for running . it keeps track of your route , time , distance , elevation , calorie burn , etc . your hiking , jogging and snowshoeing tours will each be saved to your ( shareable ) activity list on runkeeper.com. runkeeper uses gps to track your fitness activities , including distance , time , pace , calories , heart rate , and path traveled on a map . pro version also provides audio cues , customized interval workouts , manual entry for treadmill and other cardio equipment , integrated runkeeper fitnessclasses and no advertising . edit : after re-reading the question , i wanted to add that once you have a track saved using runkeeper , you can export it as a gpx or a google earth file . mytourbook 's site says that you can import a gpx although " not all features are currently supported . "
you can save imported tours in mytourbook ( they are kept in an sql database ) so that you do not have to reimport them again and again .
i use endomondo for sports tracking ( mountain biking mostly ) . it came out the best from my tests some time ago . it has quite friendly app , nice website and shows track history nicely . beside it i tested sports tracker , runtastic and runkeeper - i evaluated gps tracking accuracy and website user interface friendliness and my priority was to be able to post links to facebook easily and at that time only endomondo could do that . sports tracker and runtastic ( and maybee runtastic too - can not remember any more ) seemed to have quite some gps " noise " in the tracks - when going straight these showed very much a zig-zag path and bumps in elevation - endomondo seemed to " smooth out " both a bit which might give you a little worse accuracy for the tracking itself when you run a difficult path with a lot of curves , but the overall tracking performance seemed better to me . some of the nice endomondo track data include ( my favourites in bold ) : distance , duration , average speed , max . speed , calories ( energy burned ) , hydration ( how much should you drink ) , min . and max . altitude , total ascent ( altitude ) , total descent ( altitude ) , weather . as for managing the tracks alone only ( without tracking ) , i think the garmin connect could be a good choice , since it has a nice website interface and can correct the elevation/altitude data from its real-world database . but you have to upload tracks manually since garmin has no android device .
you might want to try with hacker 's keyboard . they offer " compose key " functionality , which can be used for non-breaking space and more : hacker 's keyboard ( click image for larger variant ) see the " circle key " to the right of the space bar ? if you long-press it , according to the faq , this activates " compose key mode " . they seem to follow the " standard rules " here , so "2x space " should give you a non-breaking space . a list of supported compose sequences can be found in the code .
if you move an app to/from the sdcard , and you have icons on the home screen , you need to remove and re-add the icon to the home screen . when i have done this , i thought the icons removed themselves from the home screen automatically . when you move it to/from the sdcard , it is a lot like uninstalling the application ( without removing the user data ) and re-installing it again in the new location .
i have seen this one worked ! you have to restart the launcher of the android . i had this problem where all my apps stored on my sd card that had shortcuts stored within folders had the generic android logo . this happened everytime i restarted my phone or unmounted then mounted my sd card . right the fix . . . . . . . . . go into settings/applications/manage applications/all and navigate to your launcher . i am using a htc desire hd so . my launcher is htc sense . some peeps may have installed a third party launcher . anyways click force stop . then press the home button . your launcher should now restart . your icon logos should now be back to normal and will be normal everytime you restart your phone . http://www.droidforums.net/forum/thunderbolt-tech-support/147067-icons-pics-won-t-appear-after-restart.html
the problem is sometimes fixed when i insert sim card . normaly i do not have sim card in my phone and then it goes back to corrupted when i remove it .
may be you can use another home screen called " launcher pro " free version . in the setting there is an option to hide the system bar . you can try it out if you like the home screen . though i like it better than stock home screen .
click on the link and close that tab or go back once it tries to play that media . go to your chrome history from the menu and long press the link and save it .
chrome on android has the " save link " now when long pressing on files ( such as media ) which when just pressed regularly play the content . the funny thing was that i thought save link would have copied the url or created a bookmark , not download the file . . . so your question text helped me : )
in chrome , keep your finger pressed on the link , and you will see an option " save link " . now , this will be saved in the downloads folder . to access it and ( maybe ) other folders in the future , i recommend downloading a file management app . the best one are said to be es file manager and astro file manager . while generally , astro is said to be better , the free version has ads . your choice !
there is no chrome for android . you probably mean stock browser in android . there is no such an option . to accomplish that install dolphin browser - on long press , you will find option save image or view image ( depend on css of page ) .
using adb , i believe it is possible : for example we have android program with manifest as under : to run the code issue command like this ( in one line ) : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.app1.android.xtract/com.app1.android.xtract.Contact 
business calendar pro ( and maybe even the free version ) can move events from one calendar to another , even if they are on different accounts . i got business calendar pro when i was still using the samsung touchwiz ui because i did not like their calendar application . now that i am on a vanilla android , i still use business calendar pro . the agenda widget is nice and the ui and functionality exceeds the stock calendar app .
for linux distros , it can be done with an android app called drivedroid .
no , it can not be done with an android phone due to the driver installation requirements that android has before it will connect the sd card to the pc as removable storage . the android os requires basic ( charging/connection ) drivers to be installed before it will act as removable storage . because these drivers can not be installed in post , the phone will not offer the sd card as a storage medium . there might be a way to do it in android , but i suggest you flag your question for moderator attention and request migration to android se if you want a possible android solution .
see my answer to this question . short answer : yes , it is possible , with a custom recovery , but i am not sure i would recommend it due to my experience with my phones not charging in recovery .
on my htc desire running 2.2 i have an option under the stock browser menu> more> settings called " mobile view " which enables mobile versions of web pages . for example with this this enabled i get the mobile version of tumblr , with it disabled i get the full site .
for galaxy devices , you can simply enter about:useragent into your browser 's url bar . i do not think this " sticks " across reboots , but it is relatively painless to do and does not require extra software/hacks/etc . i do not own a galaxy so i am not keen on some of the specifics . if about:useragent does not work , then other phones can typically to this instead : enter about:debug into the url bar to activate debug mode in the browser ( you will not see any kind of confirmation that this has worked ) go into Menu-&gt;More-&gt;Settings and scroll all the way to the bottom . you should see a new menu item called UAString tap the UAString menu option and select a different user agent from the provided menu i have ie6 , " mac desktop " and " linux desktop " as options for mine , all of which give me full versions of websites . see also this question with info on some of the goodies in debug mode . the about:debug menu also works on honeycomb ( or later ) , but the menu is organized a little differently . you enter about:debug the same way , then go into the settings and you will find a new settings tab ( on the left ) simply named " debug " . UAString is one of the first options in this tab .
from looking at some posts on android forums ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) i think it is just not possible - to get more windows/tabs you will need to use another browser like dolphin hd/mini . edit : looks from this post on xda that it is hard-coded into the browser ; it can be changed , but not easily .
i have jelly bean 4.2.2 on a htc one s and swype 1.4 installed . i was ready to go on a shooting spree when i thought i could not hit a return button to start a new line ! i opened a sms thread , tapped menu > settings and scrolled all the way down . there is an option at the bottom called soft keyboard type . open that and you get -- &lt ; > smiley key &lt ; > send &lt ; > enter for a new line select the bottom one and you are golden ! this setting will change it for both the stock android keyboard and swype . cheers !
that is unfortunately not possible , swype would need to provide a setting for this , which they do not . you might have more luck with third-party-messaging apps , but i doubt it , as this is a contextual feature that pops up whenever it makes sense for smileys to be inserted .
most of the answers here are very informative on the battery issue , i do not want to touch on that , though i should let you know that if you have to charge your android with your laptop or desktop , make sure it gets full before you unplug it , otherwise you will be slowly ending the long life of your battery by unplugging every time you have to leave because it kind of takes longer . i take a major precaution when it comes to charging because i changed my phones charging adapter more than thrice due to charging using my laptop . i was finally advised by my techie to use the specified charger and since then , i have no battery issues . just a precaution .
a computer usb port is limited to 500 milliamperes ( or 900 ma for a usb 3.0 port ) . the dedicated wall charger , on the other hand , is usually able to provide 1000 ma or more . let 's take the case where a connected phone uses 200 ma . then , the usb port would have 300 ma left to charge the battery while the wall usb charger would have 800 ma left . a typical smart phone battery has a capacity of about 1500 mah ( milliamperes-hour ) nowadays . this means that in a perfectly efficient world , a current of 1500 ma would charge the battery in 1 hour . so the same battery would then charge in 5 hours over the usb 2.0 port and in about 1h50 with the wall charger . of course in reality power losses would also affect charging times but these numbers are quite close to what i get with my actual phone .
usb from computer delivers only 500ma . so , a 2100ma battery will take 5 hours to charge from a computer . the charger outlet delivers 700ma to 1a . so , the battery will charge within 3 to 3.5 hrs .
charging from a usb port of a computer is slower than charging using a charger because the voltage and amperage provided by the computer is considerably lower than in the case of using a normal charger , so the mobile is using “slow charge mode” i don’t know which is the charging speed ration between usb and normal charger in the case of a sgs , but in my case ( htc desire ) with a normal charger i need approximately 2 to 3 hours for a full charge , but with a usb connection that time only charges 15 to 35 percent .
consider that computers often have other things inside of them or connected to them that need the same charge . the power within a computer itself is always lower than direct power from a outlet from a wall . when power is distributed through a computer to your phone , that same amount of power is also being used throughout the whole computer slowing the voltage to your phone , and other things that are plugged up . always remember , if you want direct power and a quicker charge , its always good to use to wall outlet instead of a computer or labtop .
samsung bridges pins 2 and 3 facing the phone . if pins 2 and 3 are open , the phone limits your charging capability to about 350 ma or so . check it out : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1384253
i am not sure about facebook events here because i have very few events ever listed in my facebook calendar . but if you sync your phone with facebook ( settings > accounts and sync ) and have it sync live feeds , it should display calendar items in your calendar . i know i have birthdays in my calendar that show up and that is how i have facebook sync setup . if you are setup the same way , try removing facebook sync , clear cache and data from the app ( settings > applications > manage application > all , then find facebook and click on it . there should be an option to clear cache and data . reboot . then recreate the account and sync . not sure if this will help but usually solves most issues . . .
as per my comment in the above , i would gauge a guess , its some sort of a f irm w are d ow n load a specialized mode particular to that device to enable updating - think of ota firmware update but using some proprietary software to download the firmware - possibly radio baseband , or a rom update . . .
you can not force it to work . there may be tricks you can play to fake the app into thinking it is on another device , but for the specific app given ( video playback ) , it is almost certainly refusing to playback because it can not . the hardware on the device is probably something that the devs did not anticipate , or that the app can tell is not fast enough to actually work . even if you find some way to fake it out and make it try , it is only going to crash or play back so slowly that it will be unwatchable .
what you are doing is not recommended . there is a reason why app developers limit installation to select devices . namely : android version processor architecture/gpu chipset/board/ram screen size/density/resolution this is to ensure good , consistent , and fast user experience as much as possible .
you could pull the app apart using apktool an then edit the smali , but as mentioned in previous answers here , that would still lead to problems though . chances are the developers made the app that way because your device was not capable of playback . if you are really interested in trying to edit the app 's smali , have at it : https://code.google.com/p/android-apktool/
why do not you run it in landscape mode ? portrait is not the default orientation for tablets , even if the android sdk defaults to portrait . i am also wondering if you can cut out the body of the device and set the view to screen-only ; the tab 's screen is 1024x600 , so it should fit your screen like that while in portrait mode .
long-press on the search bar ; after a second or so , a trash can should appear at the top or bottom of the screen . drag it to the trash can . alternatively , you could drag it to an open space on another screen by dragging it to the left or right edge of the screen . the screen will flip to the next panel and you can drop the widget on any open space large enough to contain it .
i also faced similar problem . the solution is similar but key point is you also have to clear the download manager cache and force stop it . here is the guide if you want step by step help : http://techspalace.blogspot.com/2011/08/solved-download-unsuccessful-on-android.html
try going to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications -&gt; All and clearing the data for the market ( you may need to force close it first ) , then reboot your phone . this has fixed a similar issue for me before . i think the poweramp issue is unrelated , their server is probably down temporarily .
edit : you can re-add the same phone by going to https://www.google.com/accounts/smsauthconfig and hitting the edit link beside " android " ( the mobile application field ) . oddly enough , this link did not work for me in chrome but it did in internet explorer .
from what i can see , there is no way to re-associate a phone . it looks like your option is to disassociate/re-associate .
you can prevent lock button from turning off you screen by altering your settings . go to your settings select Security deselect the check box Power button instantly locks
i too have a samsung galaxy nexus and i upgraded from cm11 m3 to m4 manually just one week ago . but i looked it up on my phone and there is an ota-update to the m4 build . other than that , you can find your current cm11-build under settings -> about phone and there it says in the entry named cyanogenmod-version . it should end with your device 's code-name ( depending on your specific galaxy nexus it can be either " toro " , " toroplus " or " maguro" ; in my case " maguro" ) . and that update in late february cannot have been the m4-build , because that is just too far in the past . the m4-build was anounced officially by the team of cyanogenmod on march 7th . i hope i could help you . ps : if you still do not get the ota-update , i would recommend you to flash it manually .
thanks for your answer . if looking into " about phone " , " build date " is " tue feb 25 14:46:23 pst 2014" and build number " cm_maguro-userdebug 4.4.2 kot49h installerxnpq09p release-keys " according to build date , i guess that is still m3 , right ? last weekend i tried to manually update , by downloading the zip file for maguro from http://download.cyanogenmod.org , but that ended up in a corrupted phone : phone app was missing , i was not able to receive calls home button did not work ( flashed when pressed , but nothing happened ) quick settings button in notification bar without effect and many issues more . . . . i now re-installed cynogenmod by again running the installer . build number and date are stated at the top of this post . i suggest that installer version is quite a bit slower in its release cycles , right ?
it seems to be a software issue wherein the rom you are using simply does not record your calls . are you using a samsung original rom or are you using a rooted custom rom . if you would post more details about you software by going into system settings-> about phone and posting a screenshot of the same , i will be happy to help . you can also visit this website ( www.galaxys2root.com ) in case you would like to switch your rom in for a better one . i have a gt-i9100 and frequently use the same website to try different roms .
i had same problem . later i noticed that my phone 's date was set to year 1970 . i corrected date . and now the problem is solved .
looking at the description of the said app on the google play store as referred by the op : complete linux installer is an all in one solution to installing linux distros on your android device . brought to you by the linuxonandroid project the app is designed to allow you to install a full linux distro without touching your android install . so , it does not really " over-write " the android installation . the emphasis in the above quote is mine . it does pay to read the description on the play store thoroughly in order to avoid any confusions . if there is a confusion , the said developer would be delighted to receive an email asking for clarification as it shows that you as a customer is interested in the developer 's app and might spur them on to improve it etc . : )
well , delete all your google accounts restart your phone better re-insert the sim card . go to gmail create your account again then try opening play store . if it does not work sync again ! : )
you can use the ' lasso ' option for that . it works real cool .
this is the expected behavior . queue is the " currently playing playlist " you have playlist a with song 1,2,3 and 4 . if you start listening to playlist a , the currently playing playlist will consist of song 1,2,3,4 . if you see song 1337 , then " add to queue " while listening to song 2 , the currently playing playlist will consist of song 2,1337,3,4 . if the next day , you start playlist a from the beginning , it will still only hold song 1,2,3,4 .
adding to queue means there should be something playing first before the queue is created . try playing one song then add another music to the queue . do not pick another song , just wait for the current song to finish . the next song will be the song you placed in the queue .
there is such a mechanism , but it has to be done by the app itself : it is not a user-accessible control . you can tell apps that do this because it requires the permission " run at startup " . an app such as tasker can do this . it already uses the android mechanism , and gives you a way to script actions to do on this and other conditions . simply add a task that starts the app you are interested in and then goes to the home screen . set that task to run on the " device boot " event .
try batteryminder . in the features section it claims to allow for " low/full battery alerts " hope this helps
http://smartphonebenchmarks.com/ that link is unverified nor do i know how scientific any of it is . but it was about all i could fine for multiple devices .
first of all , try to download and install the sdk on a machine which is comparable to the target machine . in this case , install the sdk on a machine with windows 7 , and not with xp ( also , because xp is risky due to end of life ) then copy the android-sdk-folder to your target machine . then you should siply be able to launch it with a double-click on the sdk-manager . however , if this does not work , try to execute the sdk-manager as " administrator " also , if this fails , try to connect the windows 7 computer to the internet and then download it properly as described here : https://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html if this is also impossible , try to give aditional information ( where do you have the sdk from ? is it the latest version ? where did you put it on the target machine ? etc . )
try manually restoring the contents of /data/data/com.viber.voip .
you might be able to prepare ( see below ) your phone for google wallet by modifying the following parts in feature . xml : replace with remove &lt;CscFeature_SmartcardSvc_HideTerminalCapability&gt;eSE&lt;/CscFeature_SmartcardSvc_HideTerminalCapability&gt;  add note , however , that this will only prepare the nfc service of your device to be able to interact with google wallet . there are still some more problems : google wallet will still try to detect your mobile network operator and will typically refuse to work if you use a verizon sim card . ( possibly even your phone 's verizon-specific model number might be enough for gw to refuse to work . ) same applies for getting gw through play store . i am not sure that google has the keys for access to the embedded secure element on any of the isis branded versions of the s4 . if google does not have them , it is impossible for google wallet to install any of the on-card components of google wallet into the secure element . thus , a secure element based google wallet would not work .
that is a really silly thing to do . android will automatically kill background processes to make more ram available when necessary . most of the time it leaves background processes in ram ( but not running ) to allow those apps to start up quicker next time , and to use less power ( because it does not have to keep reloading the app into ram ) . see the answers to this question for more info .
i did not realize you can change the account to use when uploading the file . i do not understand how i missed it , but here it is : given that the marked account value always changes back to the other account and i have to adjust it every time , i guess there is still merit in the question . but my problem was finding this ui item .
some are drm protected , others are not . one way i am aware of to find out the ones that are drm , is when you try to download the file for offline reading : if the extension is .acsm then its a drm protected book . if the extension ends in .epub or .pdf then its not drm . protected . related reading : file types for reading on your device drm options for downloads of books on google play related to exporting the ebook to a certain format or have it restricted to be read on google play , the above first link answers your doubt , where they stat that you can read or download to read your ebook on other devices or applications .
press it , hold your finger over it , then a red trash can will appear . drag it to the trash can . press and hold to start the drag and drop . press and hold on an empty space to bring up a menu to add widgets . then select the search widget to bring it back .
the search bar is a built-in part of the default launcher and can not be moved or disabled . the least invasive way to get rid of it is to install a new launcher of your choice and use that instead of the default one . the old launcher is still installed , and will come back when you uninstall the new one , so the question is just whether you ought to install software on this device you have borrowed .
google search can be deactivated in the system settings , in the apps . it then appears at the bottom of the apps in the system settings , where it can be activated . it cannot be deinstalled . ( if it were able to be deinstalled , you can back it up using astro file explorer , and using any file exporer re-install it ) .
you cannot deactivate that , not to my knowledge anyway . you can install something like smart launcher , next launcher or go launcher which have extreme flexibility in what you can do . it is just like installing any other app , and the next time you hit your " home " button you select that launcher " just once " to test it out .
to expand on @rossc 's comment , doing this yourself is quite easy if you are confident and comfortable with device disassembly , and have the correct tools . there are tutorials on how to safely and correctly replace this : ifixit : https://www.ifixit.com/guide/motorola+moto+x+battery+replacement/16974 etradesupply video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fd3azsxhof8 from experience , i strongly suggest you watch the entire video and/or read the whole article before ever even starting . that way no surprises creep up on you , and you already have an idea as to everything you will need to do . tools can be found widely online and may be worth the investment ( $2 kit on amazon , $1.35 kit on ebay ) . note that this might void any warranty you have from motorola or your device 's distributor . you could check with them first and see if the repairs might be covered for free or a fee . motorola can always help but may cost you more money ( if you are at fault for the damage ) or can take a while to complete due to shipping , service backlog , etc .
you can also run apex launcher from the app drawer of your default " stock " launcher . navigate to apex settings > advanced > set default launcher which will do the same thing - clear the default action and display the popup menu allowing you to choose from the launcher apps currently installed on your device .
go to settings > apps > click on the " all " tab then find your current launcher ( the one that is default now ) in the list . in the app info page you should have the option to " clear defaults " . click this and the next time you hit the home button you will have the option to select a different launcher .
i am doing the exact same thing , except with my captivate , and i ran into the same problems . to solve them , i use three apps across the two devices . on my n7 , i use tasker to detect when i lose wifi connection and use bluetooth auto connect as a tasker plugin to automatically connect to my phone . on my phone , i use bluetooth auto tethering , which automatically turns on bluetooth tethering when you start your phone . as a bonus here is a link to my tasker profile/tasks which does all this stuff . i think you can just import it into your tasker .
sorry , but in you phone there not sd card , and internal flash blocks can be rewritten , when phone works ( physical location of blocks are different from logical and phone record logs , change internal data , download updates ) . it is available chance with destructive methods ( read flash on programmer device ) , and much smaller with root you phone ( read whole memory ) , because any change of phone state decrease chances .
to add to bmdixon 's answer , go into settings on your old nexus 4 or current nexus 5 , select " backup and reset " and have a look at the top option there : back up my data back up application data , wi-fi passwords and other settings to google servers
did you backup/restore your settings to/from google ? if so , that is why you can connect to these wireless networks . one of the things that gets backed up is the wireless network passwords so when you restored them back on your new device it is able to connect . android has built in backup functionality . it offers to backup settings ( including wifi settings ) automatically from each device . when you go through the set-up on a new device it then gives you the option to restore these settings . if you had this configured ( i think it is enabled by default ) then your wifi settings would have automatically been backed up on your nexus 4 and restored to your nexus 5 .
you can connect to your wifi even if it has password with the wps ( wi-fi protected setup ) . if wps is currently pressed or on in your modem other device could connect to the network without using the password . .
in many apps i can long-press the menu button to bring up the keyboard .
i think you need to have google voice initiate your calls rather than the dialer app . generally speaking you had change the setting in the voice app for " making calls " to " use google voice to make all calls " . if you had like to be prompted before the call , then you can use " ask every time i make a call " . ( there is also an option to use it just for international calls . )
one workaround i have found is to sync the phone calendar with kies to outlook calendar and edit in outlook then resync . the edited update is then picked up by the phone .
click on the actual event and then the menu button . goto Calendar -&gt; Click day -&gt; Click thru event -&gt; Click the menu button -&gt; Click edit
it is a " permission and privacy " thing . while the .apk does not have any privacy concerns involved ( and thus can give read permission to everyone ) , the data do , and thus the directory is only readable by owner , group , and root ( not by " other " , which is what you would need -- " other " has only execute permissions ) . ls -l / | grep data drwxrwx--x 25 system system 4096 Jan 28 17:51 data  which means : specifying the file directly , you can pull it ( as it has the required file permissions , and the directory permits you to cd into due to the set execute bit ) . specifying the directory instead fails , as this would require to change ( cd ) into the directory ( which works ) and build a list of files contained -- which is impossible due to the missing read permission on the directory entry itself .
izzy 's answer is good and well explained . building on that , if you are root , you can open root explorer , navigate to /data/ and change the permissions on the app folder . simply long press the app , tap Permissions , and next to other , check the appropriate box ( es ) .
i am afraid not . these bundled apps are part of the rom image , so the app updates are part of the system update . when you install an update , it just copies the data wholesale into the phone 's system partition : it does not install apps one by one . for this reason , there is no way to filter out individual apps from the update . you can not even remove those files from the update image on your pc : removing files would make the update signature fail to match . the phone would detect this and not install the update . you just have to disable the bundled apps you do not want after each system update , or unlock your bootloader and install a custom rom .
i have also encrypted the /data partition ( on my samsung i9300 ) and wanted to reset it for an upgrade . this failed with the error you mentioned , /tmp/recovery.log contains : disclaimer : i am not responsibility for anything that goes wrong , including ( but not limited to ) user error . if you wish to wipe the /data partition completely ( including media like photos ) , follow the below instructions : boot into recovery . run adb shell in a terminal ( linux ) or command prompt ( "cmd " , windows ) . after a few seconds , you should see a line containing ~ # . warning . triple-check the command that you are entering here . white space and capitalization are important . make any mistake here and you may accidentally wipe your whole flash memory including recovery images . note : if you want to encrypt your partition later , you have to leave 16kib unallocated space on the end of the partition . in the adb shell , run the command mke2fs -t ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p12 . substitute /dev/block/mmcblk0p12 and ext4 according to the recovery filesystem table ( for /data ) . output when running the command : ( optional ) install new firmware ( e . g . cm 10.1 ) . reboot . ( optional ) in order to encrypt the partition while clearing your whole data partition , run vdc cryptfs enablecrypto wipe PIN_OR_PASSWORD . ( see also https://jira.cyanogenmod.org/browse/cyan-87 ) reconfigure device , choose language , enter name , install apps , etc . technical details below . the factory reset menu item activates erase_volume("/data") in recovery.c which calls format_volume("/data") . format_volume is defined in roots.c : since the volume name indeed starts with /data , and the recovery filesystem table contains an entry for type datamedia and handle_data_media is initially zero , format format_unknown_device is called . that function is defined in extendedcommands.c as follows : fs_type is NULL and the path is /data . that means that the code path ends up at ensure_path_mounted(path) which is the place where this function fails . looking at the name , ensure_path_mounted attempts to mount the partition by name which of course fails since the encrypted partition is not supported in cwm . therefore , cwm refuses to " format " the partition ( actually , all it does is erasing all files except for /data/media after mounting ) . therefore the goal is to format /data with ext4 ( see recovery filesystem table ) or mount the encrypted data partition somehow . i could not easily find the tools for mounting encrypted partitions , so i decided to go the easy way and just format the partition .
the only way to get this to work was for us to do the following in our exchange server . create a new exchange activesync mailbox policy in the client access organization configuration . make sure that require password is disabled for the policy . go to the mailbox of the user in question , in the recipient configuration and open the properties for the mailbox . in the mailbox features tab , select exchange activesync and open the properties . select your newly created activesync mailbox policy and confirm your selection . you might need to remove and re-add the the account on your phone to make sure that it no longer asks you to set a password .
my work account limits me from using pattern lock . the way i get around it is by using swype and a password that is a real word , that way you swype the pattern of the word to unlock your phone . get swype from beta.swype.com.
because of the way android works , one app cannot change another app 's settings . in future versions of android this could be made possible via an api like the android content provider . each app needs to provide the functionality for the other apps to change it is notification settings . stackexchange-url
the llama app supports “llamatones” — notification sounds which change according to the current profile . see this blog post for the description by the app developer . you could achieve what you want as follows : create separate profiles for every different configuration you want to have . edit one of profiles and create a llamatone named “sms” ; select a notification sound for it which should be used when that profile is active . to make the notification silent , select a “no sound” ringtone ( at least on cyanogenmod 9 it is available in the “ringtones” group ; if there is no such ringtone on your phone , you should be able to find a no-sound . mp3 and add it easily ) . repeat this step to create llamatones for all other apps which need to be controlled separately ( you can create a single llamatone for a group of apps which should use the same notification sound ) . now edit all other profiles and configure all llamatones there , setting notification sounds which are appropriate for these profiles . configure your apps to use the newly created llamatones as notification sounds . you can either switch profiles manually , or configure llama events to switch them according to the current time or any other available triggers . note that there is no way to set different volumes for different llamatones — the same notification volume is used , but this volume can be set in the profile . however , you can use a sound editor to change sound volume in audio files , and then use those audio files as custom notification sounds , e.g. , like this .
not sure , as devices are setup differently -- but the word " debugging " suggests it : if you are rooted , check whether the directory /data/tombstones exists . if so , there might be some " tombstones " inside . being root , you can delete them ( they are owned by system , and give no permissions whatsoever to other users ) . explanation : tombstones tombstones are what the dead are covered with , and so it is here . on linux/unix known as " core dumps " , this is what some apps leave behind when crashed to death : the process ' memory dump for analysis by the developer . only few applications throw tombstones , i guess they have to be explicitly enabled by the developer -- which might happen implicitly when toggling some debug flags . up to now , i did not discover tombstones of that size ( all i have seen was between ~30kb and ~250mb ) , but that does not mean they cannot be bigger . . .
enable adb over usb in settings of your android device . with this , you can already use most of the apps from market . in terminal in android device , type setprop service.adb.tcp.port 5555 most programs from market do only second . for first , they need root ( like adb over wifi widget ) .
on newer android versions ( around 4.0 or so , do not know exactly ) , you can do this without the need for a 3rd part app . first , enable wifi tethering , and connect your computer to the hotspot . next , go to Settings-&gt;Developer Options and check ADB over TCP/IP . now , you have to get your device 's local ip . all you have to do is open up terminal emulator , and enter the netcfg command . look for the line that has ' wifi ' in it , and look to the far right - you should see an ip address . this is your device 's local ip . now just go to your computer , and type : adb connect &lt;devices local IP&gt; into a terminal .
the adb over wifi widget works over mobile ap connections , though it does require root . you had need to install it , place the widget on one of your home screens , and then tap it to turn on wireless adb connections . the widget should then show the ip you need to connect to ( ex : in my case it was 192.168.43.1 ) and the port to use ( mine was 8000 , but this is configurable ) . on your pc you then need to run : adb connect &lt;ip&gt;:&lt;port&gt;  so again using my device as an example , i used : adb connect 192.168.43.1:8000 
i think turning on from shutdown is not possible without messing with the hardware . i have a nexus one which is basically the htc desire and using cyanogen mod i have been able to use the trackball to wake from sleep etc . you will need to root etc and probably will void your warranty whatsoever . try the following link for more info : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=690477 also google cyanogen mod ( i can only post one link at a time )
you can root your device without replacing the stock recovery or rom . however , if you ever want to flash a different rom you will need to flash another recovery like clockworkmod or twrp . you can even run the stock rom with a 3rd party recovery but you most likely will not be able to take ota os updates since those require the stock recovery .
this advice from xda seems to be working for me . check if you have a process by name media running in background using settings> apps> running apps . inside this process , if there is a service running called mediadbmigrationservice then stop it immediately and it will resolve the issue to large extent .
having had no better suggestions i did try a factory reset and it seems to have resolved the problem entirely , indeed the phone ' feels ' new . whilst it is annoying , it is been over a year since having the phone and it only took about an hour to factory reset and restore important files , so it is not the worst solution out there .
on android &lt ; 3.0 or on firefox v8 or earlier i think you still have to use the clunky , not-so-intuitive method . you swipe the screen to the left and it will reveal a sidebar on the right side of the screen which has the bookmark star . press that and it bookmarks the page . how they expected to you to find this on your own i will never know . on honeycomb devices with firefox 9+ ( currently beta ) you just need to press the little star icon on the far right side of the address bar . it pretty much works just like the desktop version . annotated screenshot for the right sidebar :
the specs say that it supports otg 2.0 , but it does not work .
you can not run .exe files in android . it is a windows executable file . android apps will have .apk format . check out this link . they discuss about android torrent apps ( downloaders ) .
μtorrent exists in play store and works well . download it from there . however , i would like to learn how to run . exe files on android without using a complicated method .
. exe is windows executable file . like you can not run android app on windows without android emulator . in the same way you are going to need windows emulator to run . exe on android . and as far as i know no such emulator is available yet .
.exe files are windows binaries ( i.e. . executable files/applications/programms ) that can not be run natively on a android system . i am sure the play store ( or the alternatives of the play store ) will have an equivalent app to the .exe file you are trying to run .
if you have already backed up whatever might be important on the sd card ( images , video , any special files and such ) , then you are fine to go ahead and manually delete the contents .
/sdcard is part of the android file system structure . this is where it mounts your external drives , the sd card . you should not delete this partition . but you can delete the content of the directory either using an app or using rm -fr /sdcard/*
answering my own question : i fixed it , and i am not sure how . i did several things , and i did them several times . can not tell which thing or combination of things worked , but here 's what i tried : removed the sd card . connected the phone to the pc without booting the phone . this took it into recovery mode , sometimes but not always , and i did not figure out why sometimes it went into recovery mode and sometimes it did not . from recovery mode , i selected and ran the factory restore option . removed the battery and left it out for several minutes . ( i kind of think this was important . ) eventually the usb error vanished , odin discovered the phone , and i was able to reflash the stock rom .
problem solved , but i do not understand what happened . while i got stuck on &lt;waiting for device&gt; message , i have tried Reboot bootloader option and process has been successfully completed . but i have not to do this first time when i was unlocking , rooting , and installing recovery and aokp .
i have gmail 4.3.1 on my at and t 4.1.1 s3 . i find that the Archive and Reply action buttons only appear on the new mail notification sometimes . as near as i can tell , two conditions need to be true for them to appear : there must be only one new email . multiple new emails will change the notification style to a list of new emails . so if you get a lot of email , you will never see the action buttons . there must be enough room in the notification pane to show an expanded notification without needing to scroll the notifications . so if you have a lot of ongoing notifications , you will never see the expanded new mail notification with the two action buttons .
on this question , you might want to check an article on getandroidstuff called superuser vs supersu . quoting : supersu improves everything about superuser and adds more options . the free version offers faster notifications , there is possibility of disabling them for each app and a new interface , attractive and easy to handle . in addition , according to developer claims by using supersu you’ll enjoy higher speed from the apps that require root rights , especially on android 4.0+ . the paid version called supersu pro provides the opportunity to keep root rights after a system update , which usually cancels these rights . although the method is not guaranteed the option is very useful . we have password protection and advanced log configuration settings for each application . you might also want to read supersu brings better superuser root permission management to android . quoting from that article : supersu is basically superuser on steroids . according to the developer , it “allows for advanced management of superuser access rights for all the apps on your device that need root . ” . chainsdd versus clockworkmod as i initially missed you were not asking about supersu , but chainsdd versus clockworkmod : let 's take a look at androidpolice : koush 's superuser is free and open source sources are available at github it supports jellybeans ( 4.2+ ) multiuser ( supersu does this as well ) it will never have a pais version , which would go against the whole open-source principle like supersu , it makes use of the new android.permission.ACCESS_SUPERUSER permission ( already used by several root-apps ) pin protection request timeout customize notifications x86 and arm support tablet optimized ( koush speaks of " tablet mode " , so no fear it would not do on a phone : ) read more in the linked post at androidpolice .
to answer this question , it appears ( at least in my case ) that the app skyvi was the problem . almost all my android issues ( including random restarting ) were sorted when i removed that app .
i am pretty certain it is an illegal service that is pirating apps ( not to mention spamming all comments of apps to check out their service ) . do not support their piracy , it hurts us developers .
interesting question . nowhere on their site do they mention how a developer would go about listing their application . they only have 968 apps and their twitter feed claims they are apps that are not available elsewhere . they explicitly state their support for the pirate party and then talk about the " crack " that they are using , while others are accusing them of piracy outright . i think that all the signs point to one conclusion . update ( 22nd august 2012 ) : appbucket 's domain has been seized by the fbi as part of crackdown on app piracy .
there is a thread on the android market itself about appbucket and a developer named kevinbaker claims his app is available from them and he receives nothing . he even posted an email he sent to them and their response is unbelievable . it looks to be illegal to me . . .
use foldersync . i was using it to sync folders with google docs . after upgrading to google drive , sync still works . i have just tested by adding new google drive account . google drive is fully supported . just , choose Google Docs when adding account in the app . in case , you do not want to pay , its free lite version is also in play store , but with some limitations . it supports two-way sync as well as one-way sync ( up or down ) . you can use its up sync for backup purpose . it also supports filters based on size , extension etc . so , if you want to backup all photos from your sd card , the app is good to go . it features Delete after Upload , too . you can schedule sync jobs , too . so , it can do backups automatically without any hassle . the best : it features Instant Sync . if you turn it on , files will be synced as long as they will be modified or added in folder .
from ics onwards , go to Settings-> Security-> Trusted credentials .
on ics or later you can check this in your settings . go to Settings-&gt;Security-&gt;Trusted Credentials to see a list of all your trusted cas , separated by whether they were included with the system or installed by the user . earlier versions of android keep their certs under /system/etc/security in an encrypted bundle named cacerts.bks which you can extract using bouncy castle and the keytool program . the summary is to first pull the bundle using adb ( you need a root shell ) then you can use bouncy castle to list the contents of the bundle : there is also at least one app that you can try if you had prefer not to use the shell : cacertman ( requires root to modify the list , but should allow you to view the list without root ) . i believe it came about due to the diginotar fiasco since there were no particularly easy ways for a user to revoke the cert at the time . since the certs are stored differently on ics and later this app will only work on devices running gingerbread ( or earlier ) , but it is obsolete on ics/jb anyway .
what kind of security are you using on your phone ? if you are using swipe to unlock ( no pin ) you should be able to see the shortcuts . if you have some other sort of security , the lockscreen changes for android 4.3 and touchwiz integration have made some of these features disappear . there is a pretty good discussion about it here .
go to settings> my device> lock screen> screen lock select swipe turn " shortcuts " on click the word " shortcuts " and your lock screen shortcuts will appear ; edit as you desire . change your screen lock back to your desired security setting and the new shortcuts will stay in place . i just got my s3 and apparently android 4.3 does not allow access to shortcuts when phone is locked ( makes sense i guess , why lock something but allow access to parts of it ? ) , but you can change the " secured lock time " which will give you time to use those chosen apps from the lock screen .
touch apps> widgets> locate settings and touch and hold to move it to phone screen then select lock screen . you will now see all options to make changes to your lock screen
could it be , that for some reason--aliens , loch ness , etc . --that some of the apps have " show notifications " checkbox unchecked ? to check , go to settings-> aps-> whatever sms app and see if you have a show notifications checked . also , have you tried using hangouts as a replacement for texting ?
after trying a few apps , i settled on kiescast by samsung . pros simple intuitive ui . has almost all settings that one would generally need without being overly complex . play speed from 0.5x to 2.0x . skip interval is configurable . very good podcast search . plays videos as well . cons sometimes cpu use goes thru the roof . loses the play position sometimes after the podcast is stopped . ad supported . can not complain as it is free but company like samsung should be able to support it without ads . moreover , while listening the screen can shut off and thus no ads . in video play mode i have not seen any ads as i usually watch video full screen .
reboot your phone to recovery . use adb to pull ( read as copy ) the build . prop from rom/device adb pull /system/build . prop c:\ edit it back the way that it was . once edited save as normal use adb to push ( read as paste ) the build . prop to rom/device adb remount . . . . . then adb push c:\build . prop /system/ reboot adb reboot or adb shell reboot
i believe this should work - widgetsoid2 . x on google play ( i have verified that this allows you to create a toggle widget on ics which does not go into settings app and does it work directly . although since wi-fi hotspot is not working on my custom rom of ics yet , i can not verify the actual working . )
my phone is working now . i have followed steps to bring my phone up : ( 1 ) removed battery from phone for 30-40 minutes . ( 2 ) insert battery to slot and press power-on button , that is it . " now , i do not bother about root cause "
the option has been moved to the oem subset of fastboot functions . since every vendor is using their own proprietary ways to handle serial numbers . so there is no universal solution available . it is not a matter of finding a " fastboot binary that supports it " . fastboot binary just sends commands to the device 's bootloader . and " setserial " commands are proprietary .
gallery data may not be the main matter . the cache and ram have to be cleared . just see that ram is at least 40% free . uninstall / clear unwanted apps .
just go to settings --> more --> storage --> miscellaneous --> delete all data by check all file . before you delete all miscellaneous data make sure you had move the important file to external memory or pc . hope it helped : )
i was facing the same issue after the 4.2.2 feb 6 , 2014 update . did a factory reset and i am able to run applications now . the dialing and answering the call problem is resolved , but on the whole , the mobile still lags .
i was able to fix up the issue by clearing gallery data . go to settings --> more --> application manager --> all applications --> gallery --> . . . here you will see data reported in hunderds of mbs . press clear data button and once that is complete , you phone should be back to normal .
try booting in safe mode . to do this simply press the power button while holding menu + back
if you combine two apps , this is possible . of course , root is required on your device to backup app data , as you certainly know . now the first app you will need is titanium backup . this app not only creates a backup of all apps , app data , and even system data on your sd-card , contains several useful tools for maintenance , and can schedule its actions -- it also allows pushing the backups to dropbox . but yes , i read you did not target the cloud , so here comes number two : foldersync can sync your files/directories ( and thus also your backup folder on the sd card ) with several cloud services as well as with your own servers , using e.g. ftp , ftps , sftp , webdav or samba ( windows share ) for the latter . while there is no real alternative to titanium backup , there are some to foldersync : titanium media sync from the same author as titanium backup supports dropbox plus ftp , sftp , and ftps . and ftpsyncx supports ftp , ftps ( ssl ) , sftp ( ssh ) , samba , and dropbox . i use the pro version of the latter , and so i can tell you first-hand it works nice via wifi -- you can even tell it to only sync when connected to your home wifi , and run in certain intervals . i almost forgot there is a tool that could serve both purposes , backup and sync in one : rsync backup for android . but it may be a little more complicated to setup , and it requires ssh on the remote side -- not a realy show-stopper if your pc runs linux : )
there is a chinese file inside the folder and is app-specific , as suggested by @izzy .
you can : during the registration process , insert a phone number of your property . wait until whatsapp tells you to manually input the code you should have received via sms at the number you had selected . once you have completed these steps , you will be able to use your whatsapp account from your phone using wifi connection . if you could not verify your number , follow the official guide provided by whatsapp . if you are told that it can not connect to your wi-fi , click here to see the related article on the whatsapp faq .
yes you can if you still have contacts in your mobile and already registered on whatsapp with a number .
usually recent versions of android handles these network switching automatically . when you are connected to wifi , your content would be streamed via wifi connection . you can confirm this the mobile network symbol - h/h+/e/4g would not be available in the status bar of the mobile . usually , android manages wifi and mobile network automatically , i.e. , when both wifi and mobile internet is enabled and if wifi is avaialble , mobile internet is not used . when u leave the wifi network , you would get connected via mobile data . hope this helps : )
okay so after alot of research on xda i have finally fixed my phone . thanks for answering my questions sparks ! soo what i did was i deleted cache partitions and did a factory reset through cwm and i also deleted dalvik cache . then i put the new rom onto an external sd card and flashed it on my phone through cwm and now i have mr . x 's gingerbread . but sadly my phone is no longer unlocked so now i have to figure that out : ( if anyone has the same problem and uses this fix , i suggest using mr . x because his os is already rooted so it saves you the time . oh and btw i did get to keep my pictures : ) . also to anyone who does any type of flashing or anything through cwm make sure you make a nandroid backup before you do anything ! ! ! heres the link for mr . x 's gingerbread already rooted for samsung t989 telus : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1356739
wiping or performing a factory reset via cwm should not touch any of the data on the internal sd card . however , performing a factory reset from within the android settings will wipe all personal data on the sd card . use odin to flash a stable version of either the stock rom or one designed especially for your device . that should at least allow you to boot the phone normally .
i believe your question is trying to ask ' are there any laptop security devices out there that do not use a kensington lock slot ? ' the answer is , yes . to see a nice list of various types of locks that are available for notebooks and laptops , please see this website . i in no way endorse this seller , however they are one of the few sites that seem to have a nice listing of many kensington-alternative locking devices for laptops . i am merely using it for informative purposes .
i solved installing hackers keyboard of android market .
i solved this problem with this app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=upsoft.keyboard.qwertz.de qwertz keyboard with key ' z ' on the ' z'place and key ' y ' on the ' y ' place , but it is only for german and austria
i had this problem recently and was finally able to figure it out . . . your keyboard is set on quertz ( with a z ) . . . change it on your settings " keyboard and languages " to querty ( with a y ) . that will fix the problem . good luck ! ! !
i had the same issue , and solved it by doing this : open keyboard and click the settings icon click input language uncheck any languages you do not need this fixed the problem for me .
had the same problem . go to settings -> applications -> manage applications -> all -> your keypad ( samsung keypad for me ) . force stop and then clear data . solved the issue for me .
are the y and z keys switched ? it sounds as if you have the wrong language set for your keyboard ( or your system , as it defaults to the systems language ) . some european keyboard layouts , possibly german , have a qwertz layout instead . settings > language and input > android keyboard ( settings icon ) > input languages
i solved this problem here in the uk by changing language to english ( ireland ) keyboard was fine and the mic icon said en again too not de which it had changed itself to . after that i changed bk to uk and it was fine too . weird glitch .
i have not seen this problem on any of ics devices i have , most probably it pertains to the particular version installed on your tablet . unless you want to modify the firmware yourself , the easiest fix would be to complain to the tablet maker and expect this to get fixed in the next release .
firstly you’ll need a copy of the official google play store apk file to install on your device . you can download this on your pc and move it over to your handset or download it directly onto your handset , in which case it will appear in your download folder . either way is fine . you can download it from here . get latest version from it . you’ll need to enable the installation of external apk files before you can install the play store file . this is done by checking the “unknown sources” box in your devices settings , which will allow you to install apps from unvetted sources , in other words from outside of the play store . this option can usually be found under settings > security , but may also appear under settings > applications on certain devices . you can always uncheck the box again after installing the play store . you go to path where you store google play store apk adnd then tap on it to install it and you are done .
the cerberus app allows you to remotely track and wipe your android device , as well as a lot more . if you have root , you can install it as a system app , and it will survive a wipe - which is really handy , it can also be hidden from the app drawer . i believe that this app will be the most use to you . please not that i am not affiliated with cerberus at all , and am just a customer .
it needs factory reset to get it off , is it true ? a factory reset will clear all personal data liked with your google account and all other data , settings , and apps that you have downloaded . will factory reset delete everything including pre-installed app ? your pre-installed apps will not be deleted . however , your data for those apps will be deleted ! so the pre-installed apps will still be there , it will be like you are using them for the first time . factory reset is simply resetting your device to the original image of the current rom . this youtube video is a good resource to learn more about factory reset .
by pre-installed do you mean system apps , or do you mean apps that you downloaded of google play ? it is true that you have to reset your device to get rid of the first google account you added . system apps ( that came with the phone ) will not be erased , but their data will . custom downloaded apps ( that you downloaded off google play and installed ) will be erased .
what is factory reset ? first , the word " factory reset " might be a bit misleading -- as one can easily tell by your first comment to your question : if the device ships with gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) pre-installed , and after a while offers an update to e.g. ice cream sandwhich ( android 4.0 . x ) which you perform -- a factory-reset thereafter will not reset it to gingerbread . to understand what happens at a factory reset , you need to know some of the way android 's file system works . to make that easier to understand , i will abstract ( and simplify ) this a bit : there are multiple partitions created on the storage of the device . a few examples include : /system , which normally is " read-only " . here the android system incl . its pre-installed apps reside /data , which is " read/write " . here go all the user 's data , incl . the apps ( s ) he installs there are some more partitions , which i will ignore for this example . with a new device , /system contains the android system plus pre-installed apps , as stated above -- while /data is empty . that is the " factory state " , we could say . now you switch your device on , and go through the wizard : creating/configuring your account etc . these data are stored in /data . so will the apps you download from the playstore , etc . a factory reset now will return your device to " factory state": it will wipe all data it can . as /data is read/write , it will get wiped . /system is read-only , so it will not get wiped . this includes the pre-installed apps . your google account data have been stored in /data , so they will get wiped apps you have installed from the playstore were stored in /data , including their settings and data -- so they will be gone as well . the google account linked as you can see from above description , a factory-reset will " unlink " the connected google account . in my eyes , that is like i want to delete a file : sure , when i format the entire disk the file is gone . . . so there must be other ways which keep your data intact . at least in earlier versions of android , there was a different approach ( not sure if that still works , though ) . as a factory-reset as the " last ressort " would either delete all your personal data , it does no harm to try the following in advance : if it still works , great -- if it does not , you still can do the reset : from your homescreen , open settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps one after the other , open all google apps you can find ( gmail , playstore , gtalk , google storage . . . ) and press the " delete cache " plus " delete data " buttons . if they are greyed out , you might need to " force stop " the app first ( there is another button for that ) reboot your device if this trick still works , your account should be gone by now ; maybe even the wizard will pop-up again automatically . side effects one thing to keep in mind when changing the linked google account are your payed apps . they are bound to the account you have bought them with -- so they might stop working when that account is no longer there , and most will do so . if you no longer want to use your old account , you need to buy them again .
i have just developed an app that can save your current wallpaper to sd , share it , ect . furthermore it automatically saves a copy of each wallpaper you set , so you will get a history of all the wallpapers you have been using . my app is called wallpaper saver , can be downloaded from google play and is free ! download it here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dk.alroe.apps.wallpapersaverfree
/data/data/com . android . settings/files/wallpaper it a png and appears to be an uncompressed ? due to the size .
i do not know if you are still looking for this , but if so , this was the best answer ! http://www.droidiser.com/2013/08/android-wallpaper-location-how-to-extract.html
the feature i was looking for is called ( on the apps i’ve found that have it ) “auto-dismiss” . i’m trying alarm clock xtreme free , which offers this feature ; if i’m happy with it i’ll upgrade to the paid version .
there are a lot of alarm clocks around , and b"h one of them should solve your issue . i am using alarmdroid , which in its " advanced settings " has an option saying " rings max 10 minutes " ( set by default ) , and just below a checkmark for " change to snooze-mode afterwards " ( also enabled by default ) -- so you could disable snooze mode , which would solve your issue ( as the alarm would automatically turn off after 10 minutes ) . though i would prefer to have snooze mode , plus an option to say " stop the alarm after xx if the user did not respond " -- some other app may have that , or it could be requested of the developer . the argument of " shomer shabbat " may be convincing for him ( as pointing to a group of interested customers which might chose his pro version for this feature ) . edit : while searching for something else , i just stumbled upon shabbos alarm . the name alone seems to answer your question , does not it ? it allows you to . . . [ . . . ] set multiple alarms , choose which ringtones you want to ring , and set how long the alarms will ring for . it works perfectly whether you call it shabbos alarm , shabbat alarm , shabbis alarm , or any other kind of alarm for that matter :- ) did not try it out ( yet ) , but thought you might be interested to hear about . . .
i think it is the result of a new synchronization option in 2.1 or 2.2 . on the first boot it asks whether you want to store some information about your apps online . i found it quite confusingly worded and was surprised by this effect . iirc you can prevent this from happening by refusing all the synchronization on the first boot . and i learned to only update when on wifi . .
try clearing you data and cache on the download manager . . . menu button > settings applications > manage applications ( wait 15-30 sec to load ) > download manager clear cache and clear data .
maybe you are flashing an ancient rom , where the built-in apps all are now outdated ? for a fast way to stop downloads , shut off the wifi , 3g , and all connectivity ?
set up a child account on the device , this is pretty simple , there is an overview of that process here . you do not to sign the child in using a google account , it lets you skip these steps . assuming you want your kids to be able to download any apps you have already paid for , or want to be able to download any apps you buy them , sign into the play store on the child account using your main account 's credentials , it is probably worth also choosing not to sync all of the main account 's emails/contacts/etc . across at this point . you can then add a pin to the play store so that they can not buy anything with your details and also choose the maturity rating of the content they see , this will not affect the settings of the main account 's play store on the device despite the fact you are using the same google account on the store . from this your kids can access all your already paid for applications but thanks to the pin will not be spending any of your money , at least not without your knowledge , and you have not had to sign them up for a google account . any apps that they download also are not automatically put into your main accounts app list so you do not have to worry about them downloading a load of games and it filling your home screen a la ipad/iphone style . the downside to this approach is that your kids will be able to read your gmail , see your calender and contacts etc . a good solution to this is an app locker which restricts them from using these applications . i tested app lock and it seemed to do the job well . if you do not mind your kids not being able to download apps you have already paid for on your account and are not bothered about not being able to access any games you buy them then i think it would be worth signing up for a new main google account and adding your credit card details to this . you could then sign onto the child 's play store using this new account , set up the pin same and maturity in the same way as the last approach but this time you will not have to worry about them seeing your emails or any other information that is linked to your main account . for both of these approaches if you download an application on the child 's account with your main account selected in the store but have added the child 's email as well and then switched back to this on the store after the download the app will remain on the device and still be usable . if you want any more information , clarification or screenshots just say in the comments and i will add it or test it out if i have not already .
if you are happy to root your tablet , you can use multi-user app share . with this , purchase/install all apps for the tablet as the administrator user , then you can choose which of these apps is available to other users . this way , you do not need to set up an email address for each child , and the child will never have access to your account . if you give the child an email address in due course , then ( s ) he can access his/her emails without seeing yours . warning : multi-user app share is currently in beta .
if your children use your google account , you could install some kind of app locker to stop them opening the gmail app and reading your emails . the newer google play versions also allow you to apply a pin to purchases - which would probably be handy in this place . if they use your google account , they will have access to all the apps that you have purchased , but if they do not then they will have to be purchased again . if you do not want to use your email address/google account for your children , then you would have to make them one , if they were to use google play . you could keep the passwords , and install an app locker to prevent the gmail app from opening . the only issue with them having their own accounts would be that you would have to re-buy apps for their accounts . for your number 2 point , you can have an unlimited number of devices with a single google account - it will not remove apps from your phone , but it may download apps if they are backed up . to counteract this , you will have to make sure you untick the ' restore data from this google account ' option when setting up the google account .
another alternative if you have a rooted device , or are willing to root it , is appshare ( + ) . ( full disclosure : i am the developer ) . it mimics the method that google uses to enable/disable apps on a user account . you can install it on your primary account , and then select which of your apps you had like to " share " ( enable ) with each of your kids ' accounts . you also have the ability to " unshare " ( disable ) system or user apps . so you could remove the gmail app , or even the play store app , to prevent your kids from getting at stuff that you would not want them to . i have found that this works best when you remove system apps from a " fresh " user – i.e. one that has not had a google account set up on it yet . for paid apps however , you may – depending on how their licencing works – have to add the google account that you used to purchase the app , to the user that you wish to share the paid app with in order for it to work . the play store description explains what can be done , and some of the limitations , in more detail .
you could try and change it to a black wallpaper . there is a no wallpaper app on google play , which you install as a live wallpaper . it does not take a lot of resources .
install a pitch black wallpaper on your phone . search it in google play store and install the app . then you can go to your phone 's settings , device , screen , wallpapers , choose lock and home screen , then choose live wallpapers and you will be able to display the " no wallpaper app " . if you choose just the lockscreen , you wont see the application but you can only choose from the gallery . this is what i did on my note 2 .
i am using android 2.1 and the latest official facebook app . i go to the gallery and long-press on an image . in the menu , select share and in the list of apps displayed choose facebook . i immediately am taken to a text field where i can type in a caption . by default the images are sent to the mobile uploads folder/album , but you can create a new album and specify that as your desired upload location .
the charging coil is embedded into the back panel of the phone and is located directly over the battery , as shown in steps 7 and 8 of ifixit is teardown . the battery is not quite non-replaceable , as the above mentioned teardown shows . it is somewhat involved to replace it ( you will need a torx screwdriver , a philips screwdriver , a plastic opening tool , and some patience ) , but it is perfectly doable . if you are wanting something that will work for sure , the official wireless charger would probably be your best bet . however , it is not exactly cheap at $50 . i personally use this charger with my galaxy s3 , which i added a wireless receiver to . i find it works well and charges right through my lifeproof case .
try disabling " noise cancellation " on your device .
i got this problem also on my ( in the mean while old ) s2 there is a connector of the speaker in your phone who is not connected anymore check youtube movies how to open your phone ( not so difficult with correct tools ) and connect this connector to the main pcb
you could use widgetlocker to add your favorite world clock widget to the lock screen . you can find these widgets by searching the play store .
depends on your model . for most of the international versions such as the gt-i9000 , you can get it over the air ( a notification pops up , ir you can go to settings -> software update ) or through kies ( i recommend getting kies mini from samsung.com ) . froyo has not been officially released for some models including the us ones , however . i recommend a custom rom such as nero v5 for the t-mobile vibrant . the easiest way to find one is to go to xda and look and the subforum for your device . note you probably need root and rom manager ( in the market ) to load a rom .
i got the solution ! somehow i could get into the settings menu by turning aeroplane mode on and starting google maps ( which is on my home screen ) . google maps then sends you to settings . in there i can scroll using three fingers . ps : i feel stupid : )
wireless tools home page has links to multiple versions including : latest stable ( v29 ) latest beta ( v30-pre9 )
but i am not using p2p ! => p2p in this context is not meant in the sense of " peer-to-peer file sharing " . it is a type of socket communication -- think of it as " point-to-point": one point is your device , the other might be the/your router where it should connect to . the error message you quoted can be found in the android code of wifi/wifi . c , in a part suggesting it is a wpa issue ( i am not an android programmer , so i cannot tell for sure ) . your problem was e.g. also reported in a german post at androidpit ( google-translated variant ) . the reporter there found an easy solution : resetting the router solved it for him . in case this does not work for you , more information might be found using this google search .
cdma phones do not use sim cards , that is the most obvious way to tell . ( some world phones are both cdma and have gsm hardware and sim cards , but that is not relevant here ) . most carriers are only one or the other so your carrier should be a good indication as well .
no , this is not feasable . i take it you now have an israel cell phone now , and you are trying to get youmail on that . youmail is a u.s. based service , so even if you got forwarding to work for voicemail , it would eat up into your balance like nothing else . it would be the same as you calling the u.s. based number every time someone left a voicemail ; i am sure israel to u.s. calls are not free . however , if your u.s. friends still call your old u.s. cell phone , those will still get directed to youmail ( assuming the cell phone account is still active ) . you would simply check the messages via the internet .
almost all file manager apps support renaming extensions . install one from play store . some best ones are : solid explorer , es file explorer , astro file manager , root explorer .
there is missed message flasher in the play market . note : i have not actually tried the app .
is there a limit on how long a ringtone can be ? if not , you can select a loud and annoying ringtone , create a sound file that contains this ringtone in a long loop and use that file as a ring tone . one caveat is that i do not think you can not abort a notification sound .
what are these icons : mysterious icons on your start screen or ads clogging your notification bar is a way developers have to monetize their software . usually the majority of these ads come from mobile marketing firms that work with app developers for some way to make money from their smartphone software . there is an extensive article covering this subject at techhive : sneaky mobile ads invade android phones what can you do : you can use an app to scan and identify possible installed apps that are causing this on your device : airpush detector this is a simple android application which detects other installed applications which appear to use known notification ad frameworks and offers the user the ability to easily uninstall them . if your device is running android 4.1 " jelly bean " or higher , you do not need this app anymore ! you can just press and hold on notifications and your device will tell you who is generating them . addons detector addons detector detects addons used by your installed applications . it has all the tools to find push notification ads and icon ads . if you are looking for the app that uses airpush or other push notifications , you can easily find the app and uninstall . besides push notifications , using this app is a great way to see what advertising agencies apps use , and what tools they have integrated . not satisfied with the above apps : many more can be found with a search for airpush at google play store .
the generic answer is that ' you should install an app that scans other apps for modules that display ad notifications and install apps that you did not ask for ' . i had this problem and i solved it by downloading such a program and scanning all my apps . sure enough , something i had installed recently was loaded with modules that do these things . if i am allowed to say the name of the program i used , it was called ' addons detector '
i had the same problem . the easy way to do it is to remove all those icons . after this , check for default page on internet navigator , sometime changed to some google like site . go to settings -> applications and look for any application you installed without google play . delete every suspicious application . i think you will be done with this . : )
according to the user 's manual , there is not a setting that locks the primary shortcuts . so i would suggest turning the phone off and then restarting it . here are the instructions from the user 's manual for adding and removing primary shortcuts . perhaps there is a step here that you have missed . you can change any of your primary shortcuts with the exception of the apps shortcut . the primary shortcuts are the bottom row of app shortcuts that remain static on all home screens ( by default phone , contacts , messaging , internet , and apps ) . note : before replacing a primary shortcut , you must first add the replacement shortcut to the home screen . press to display the main home screen . touch and hold the primary shortcut you want to replace and then drag it to an empty space on any home screen . scroll through the home screen to find the shortcut you want to add as the new primary shortcut . touch and hold the new shortcut and then drag it to the empty space in the row of primary shortcuts . the new primary shortcut will now appear on all home screens .
well , after a bit of searching i have found a ( strange ) workaround . in the browser language settings add an unsupported language at the bottom of the list ( i chose faroese because i thought the chances of market support were slim ) and then restart the browser . at this point the market website will display in english for me .
add the language parameter to the end of the url : https://market.android.com/?hl=enlr=lang_en
ota updates do not wipe the device : all apps and data are preserved across the update . even so , it is always a good idea to back up your data frequently . as you point out , not all apps support the in-built google backup mechanism , so it is wise to have a full backup just in case . see our backup tag wiki and top questions to learn about what options are available ( whether you have rooted the phone or not ) .
for those who have already unlocked their phone 's bootloader - which will wipe the phone ( thanks @onik for the reminder ) : if you download the factory image , by default the flash-all.sh and flash-all.bat scripts would indeed perform a wipe of your device at the end . provided you are overwriting an image from the same vendor ( i.e. . not a custom rom in this case ) , you can just edit that script and remove the -w flag . i have used it to upgrade to 4.4.2 and 4.4.3 before my nexus 4 is scheduled to receive the ota .
tasker should be seeing the event even if the system does not have it set as the default handler , so you should be safe setting smart dock as the default . ( that said , you could also have tasker handle the launch of smart dock . )
if you have saved the previous version 's .apk , you can re-instate it . that is why i have appmonster pro backup restore installed and running : it captures each and every .apk installed , so i can always revert to a previous version . if you do not have the old .apk available , and you are talking about a free app , you can check android drawer for a previous version 's .apk . download it , make sure you have unknown-sources enabled in your settings , and launch the .apk e.g. from a file explorer . this should install the ( old version of the ) app without you losing any data .
you can " recalibrate " face unlock by switching to another type of lock screen and back , as this causes a new reference image to be taken . meanwhile you can unlock the device with secondary measures ( either pin or pattern unlock ) .
yes it should work , since the face recognition technology in android ics is designed to match the face with the help of points of recognition as shown bellow . majority points will be applied on the facial parts . so it should recognize your face .
this could count as a good sign : there should not be such a thing as " unused ram " . linux and android in special do a good job to make the best use of it by caching things . if there is any ram not currently needed by running apps , it can be used to keep e.g. pieces of the file system for faster access -- which also helps to save battery life . once there is additional ram needed , those caches are the first things to be cleared . for more details , i recommend to take a look at the following related questions and their answers : 0 ram free on ics are there guidelines on how much free ram a phone should have ?
looks like your standard charset problem . the file 's in utf-16 and the app only supports utf-8 , or you do not have the font for the " weird " characters , etc . more than likely there is nothing you can do ; android internationalization support is pretty bad and most apps do not even try .
go to Menu &gt; More &gt; Settings , make sure that " email notifications " is checked then " select ringtone > silent " and " vibrate > for all gmail notifications " .
i just found es file explorer which seems to do what i need , and a little bit more . this looks pretty promising . i will report back if i have any issues with it , but for now it seems to answer my question .
you can log into a windows box using remote desktop , and use the windows interface to delete files like you normally would . the rdp app i use is called remote rdp . you could also do something like install iis and create yourself a simple webpage that would list the files and allow you to click a button to delete them .
on my tablet i use file manager hd . i have shortcuts saved in its left-hand bar that take me straight to the right folders in the shares of my server with username and password saved . one click on the shortcut takes me straight to the relevant content folder , and then it is a long press on a file or folder to rename , delete or move , which are the three things i normally want to do with media files after watching them .
does the galaxy tab 10.1 usb adapter allow you to plug in an external web camera ? no and if it does not , are there any tablets that do ? Acer Iconia Tab A500 it all depends on the kernel configuration . you can install custom kernel on any device to make it to allow external camera . it is a lengthy process and involves rooting the phone .
it does have a dedicated 2nd microphone for active noise cancellation according to gsmarena .
the samsung galaxy s2 does have dual microphones . however , if using gingerbread ( 2.3 ) , the device only records mono audio . using ice cream sandwich ( 4.0 ) though , the device can record stereo audio at about 130 kbps with a sampling rate of 48khz . source : gsm arena
well after an hour of searching around for how to revert the hosts file , i gave up . ( i kept having permission denied errors ) . so i downloaded adfree again ( turns out that is what i had before ) and clicked " revert " .
are you using a custom rom ? it may have adblock enabled behind the scenes . as a work-around , try the ad block remover .
looking at what the app does , and the fact that it needs root , it looks like one of the methods that it uses to block ads is to make changes to the device 's central hosts file . 1 2 this changes the way that dns works on the device so that any requests by an app to connect to certain internet servers are given a bogus ip address , and the attempt to talk to the ad serving server fails . in fact it looks like adfree downloads and uses the mvps list of hosts file entries list of host file entries ( the file is available for download here ) . based on that i would assume that what is happened is that when you were using adfree it downloaded that list of hosts file entries and saved them into the central hosts file on your phone ( this would require root access ) , but when you uninstalled the app it did not undo the changes it made to the hosts file . if you just want to be able to connect to admob servers to test your app then you could edit your hosts file to remove just google 's admob servers from the list , it looks like they are all called something .admob.com . alternatively you could edit your hosts file and remove all entries from it that point to 127.0.01 , which should set you back to a default setup , with nothing being blocked . more on editing your hosts file here : guide to editing /etc/hosts .
i have had the same problem on my android phone but tried a solution from one of the android forums which says go to settings> > applications manager> > all applications ( on the top ) locate the badge provider app , once in there clear data and restart your phone .
go to settings > application> all > badge provider> clear data and clear cache .
try removing the icon of the app from the home launcher then put it back then restart your phone
first , root your phone . if it denies root access , go to the superuser website and download the latest superuser and binary packages . after that , reboot in recovery and install the packages . finally , boot your phone up normally and clear the data of superuser . then , run superuser and try updating the binaries and baaaam works like a charm !
thanks to " eldarerathis " for the comment . basically unlock bootloader does not mean you will have root access to your device . even though you can install an entire new operating system still rooting your phone must be done inside the os . so if you trying to root your htc device check unrevoked . com . for other devices i found a reliable tutorial at http://howto.cnet.com/8301-11310_39-20054428-285/how-to-root-your-android/. please note unlock bootloader or rooting your device may void your warrantee .
the only way i have found to do this ( without signing up for a new service ) seems to be installing opera mobile . opera has the ability to download files instead of just using android 's default intents menu for mp3s . according to comments in the original question , it looks like android 4.0 can do this natively .
you could always upload the music to amazon 's free cloud player ( included both online at www.amazon.com and in the amazon mp3 app for android ) on your home computer . then , download the amazon mp3 app on your phone ( if it is not already installed ) . get it set up by typing in your amazon account info , and sync in with your cloud drive , which lets you stream your music on your phone . your music collection can either be streamed in the cloud , downloaded to the sd card , or played with any media player on your phone .
are you able to chrome-to-phone a page containing the link to the mp3 you want ? if so , dolphin ( and most most every android browser ) will allow you to " save link as " ( or similar ) when you long-press on it . this will download the file instead of trying to play or stream it . more cumbersome solutions include downloading the mp3 you want on your pc then transferring via dropbox or syncing via doubletwist ( or even their airsync for-pay feature ) . doubletwist even has its own built in podcast features much like itunes . bigcaseydog 's answer about amazon mp3 would be a very similar alternative to dropbox . fwiw , i am a pocket casts fan for the purposes of this very question - i was stuck with the same problem you describe until i fell in love with their download feature , among other things .
if you want to remove data of an app : go to settings , apps ( or app manager ) , tap on the app , scroll down , press " remove data "
you can try : appmgr iii ( app 2 sd ) - android 2/3/4 link2sd - android 1.6+
as izzy points out , /system is usually mounted read-only , because it contains the operating system itself . the only reason you are getting these errors is because you specifically asked the command to wipe both /system and /data: that is what the all means . if you actually did that , you had have to reboot into recovery to reinstall the os . if that is what you really want , you should first remount /system as read-only by running the following command in a root shell on the device : mount -ro remount,rw /system  if you just want to wipe user data , to get an effect like a factory-reset for a clean slate for testing , then the command you need is wipe data .
my answer for you is twofold ; there are innate downsides to off-brand devices but - most importantly - your use case ( development and application purposes ) might make off-brand android phones a poor choice . this is from my experience with the phones ( i have a lot , having lived in asia for years , and seeing a lot here in the states ) first , the general issues . cheap , off-brand phones like that can actually perform quite well - but those good phones can be few and far between . often , you will face issues with any/all of the following : screen quality - this is generally the first place no-brand manufacturers cut corners . many , if not most , of the devices will have low resolution and poor color reproduction . battery - this is the next big issue with these . there are many reasons that cheaper design , development , and manufacturing generally mean poor battery life . from the chips used , to the battery technology used , to the radios ( in your case , dual-sim is a known battery-drainer ) . local support - your mileage may vary™ . many , if not most , no-brand devices are quad-band gsm-devices - worldphones ! ! but many are not , and almost all are poorly documented . it may claim to be a worldphone , but who knows for sure ? slowness - these things are cheap . good nand is expensive , good socs can be expensive . most off-brand phones are much slower than the big-name phones from htc , lg , motorola , etc . . . customer support - almost universally non-existent when dealing with these things . long-term manufacturer support - you are almost guaranteed to never see an update to the android os on these phones . community support - the devices are , unfortunately , almost never supported by the hacking/modding/open-source communities . phones from big names almost all have communities for modding/roms/help built around them . that does not seem so bad , right ? you will be developing software for your organization . you do not care about watching movies - so screen quality does not matter - and it'll always be plugged into a dev machine - so battery does not matter either . you probably expected slowness too . you probably do not care about those issues ! let me tell you why you might want to care . screen - it is likely to be an old , depracated screen resolution . if you are going to be developing applications to publish then it could be a problem making your app compatible with standard screen sizes . ( your so question implies you are not , so this might be a nonissue ) . slowness - you mention that this will be a low-demand server and sms gateway . slowness may be a downside for you . the phone you linked is very slow . long-term manufacturer support - this thing runs android 2.3.6 . that is ancient . even though that version is still used on many android phones today , it could be very limiting for you with its old api . community support - it is very likely that you will need to use adb , perhaps get root , and a plethora of other generally-simple tasks that could be made difficult by the way the phone is engineered . usually , there is a community to ask for help when things like this get in the way . not so for this phone . tl , dr : you will probably be able to make a workable solution with the phone you linked . there are some very significant unknowns - hiccups you may run into with your project , and hiccups you may run into with the phone - that might be bad with this phone , or they might be no problem . if it was me , i suggest this little phrase : if you have to ask , " is this phone going to work ? " then you should probably consider a different phone . get a device that you know will work . nexus phones are made for this situation . and big-name phones , while not as much as a nexus , will probably be a better solution than the phone you linked . i realize the price of nexus phones in india is expensive , but i would say it is worth the added cost .
here 's a list of valid vcard fields separated into supported/unsupported by android 's vcard importer : vcardconstants . java it currently ( 4.3 ) says , org is supported while categories is not . check it yourself for more clarification . you may also want to compare what has changed in 4.0/4.1/4.2/4.3 here .
if your intention is to have your script run each time the card is inserted , or the device is booted , i would recommend the already mentioned app tasker , maybe in connection with scripter . the latter can be used to execute ( and manage ? ) scripts , but afair you can do that part with tasker as well . you would need to create 1 task ( execute your script ) , and 2 profiles using this task ( as there is no possibility for a logical or with the conditions ) . one is for the boot_completed event , the other is for the inserted sd-card . that should do it . in case of trouble ( or hard understanding ) , just comment and i see what i can do : )
google image search seems to be doing something funny with the way it shows you image previews . what you need to do is when you run your image search you should see the grid of all the picture results : tap the picture that you are interested in and it should appear larger on a black background . when that first loads you should see something that looks a bit like a toolbar above the image . the toolbar disappears after a few seconds , just tap the image again to get it to reappear . you should see a view full size " button " if you tap that the image appears actually full screen and now you can long-press on it and save it as normal .
thanks all . in android 4.2 jelly bean , we should manage default app in same app we do not want it to handle sms . in tango 3 settings , there is an option to avoid sms handling .
check this Call settings-&gt; Auto screen off/on during calls or just clean the proximity sensor with cloth
if you go to settings > > sound then make sure ' touch sounds ' ( it might be called something similar ) is not ticked , that should solve the problem
why do not you try quickpic . so far it is the best gallery tool i have found .
the easiest solution would be to simply remove the battery . as far as i know , holding down the power button on the galaxy nexus does not force it to power down .
the launcher on the moto g is indeed almost identical to the stock android launcher - but not the google experience launcher that is seen on nexus devices running android 4.4+ .
yes you can . there are some tools to provide you with this functionality , e.g. helium - app sync and backup . if your device is rooted , this app should work out-of-the-box . otherwise you will need to initialize it once after each device start ( reboot ) , which then requires a pc with adb . as requested in the comments , a few hints on how to get helium started on a non-rooted device . first , this requires you to have at least a basic setup of adb done on your computer ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . having met that , it should be as easy as enabling usb-debugging on your android device , connecting it via usb to the pc , and run the helper script downloaded from helum 's web page . the last 3 steps have to be repeated only once after each reboot of the device , and activate a background process helium itself requires but cannot start itself ( the user via adb has higher privileges than an app in user-space , and thus can ) .
did you take a look at settings → accounts and sync ? ( i am not sure about android 4.1+ , but at least on my lg optimus 4x this setting is there ) accounts and sync ( click image for larger variant ) as the screenshot shows , here you can define what to sync . green arrows to the right show what is to be sync'd , gray ones what not . for some apps , you even can tap the app to specify it more detailed .
the reason it does not work is because there is certain data types that are allowed through such as jpg , png , zip , pdf , text , anything else is filtered out and denied for the simple reason of security and to prevent malicious exploitation of transferring a binary executable across it for example . you cannot edit them as they are baked into the rom and built at compile time . look in packages/app/Bluetooth/src/com/android/bluetooth/Constants.java: it is similar in principle to the mime types found in among web servers , such as uploading a png or jpg to a site . the filters would be in place to prevent window binaries to be uploaded .
fastboot is when you enter fastboot mode , by powering up with volume up key pressed . then fastboot devices would work . why are you invoking the recovery on its own via adb shell ? the recovery binary is reliant on the startup scripts used within the recovery partition unless the partition is messed up . recovery only works by powering up with volume down key pressed at the same time . the vital details are missing from the question . : ) what device are you trying to fix up in respect to getting into recovery ? how did it happen ? what did you do ?
what version of android ? 4.0 ? i just came across this myself , but when i try to run just about any command as root from the shell . i have found some threads that talk about it being a permissions issue with su and it says to chmod it to 06755 but that did not correct anything for me . you can try running $ strace recovery and see if that gives any information on what is going on . you can also try c:/&gt; adb reboot recovery and see if that allows you to reboot .
your system is corrupted , so you will not be able to run adb just now . first assure you have installed your device drivers ( look here if you are on linux ) and fastboot works . then you can use fastboot commands to try solutions
try pointing your web browser at 1.2.3.50 you may be able to turn off image compression or use adblock for firefox/chrome to blacklist the bmi . js file ?
you can perhaps run noscript ( firefox plugin ) and put the ip address as the only thing in the block list .
would the same thing happen if you used a vpn ? your isp would not be able to compress images if it did not know what the traffic was , right ? i found setting up a basic vpn to be pretty easy ; if you have a win 7 pc with an internet connection ( or a willing buddy with one ) you can set up a quick vpn using this guide : how to configure your computer to accept incoming vpn connections in windows 7 . with that working , try connecting to your vpn both from your tethered laptop and from the android phone itself . if it works you could investigate a more permanent vpn solution .
in firefox get add on " modify header " then go to extensions then go to modify headers click on options and add cache-control then no-cache .
try clearing cache and data for the following apps under Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All ( tap on each app and then tap Clear data and Clear cache buttons where available ) : email exchange services google account manager this should clear all the accounts ( including the gmail one ) , and should allow you to add the corporate account .
the problem with understanding any physical buttons on an android , is that they are extremely hardware dependent . usually they are connected to some gpio port on either the application processor ( ap ) or cellular processor ( cp/modem ) , and on some devices ( mtk , qualcomm ) these are combined in a soc . in other devices , there is a separate touch screen mcu , that can also be used for some keys . so without knowing your exact hardware and its configuration , it is impossible to answer your question . your best chance for success in understanding , is by downloading the sources for your device/kernel and look in there , in combination with finding a service manual that also show some schematics . edit : here is one block diagram : and here is another :
after leaving it in the loop for days using 4 different wall adapters and a usb port , i found the wall-to-usb adapter that originally came with my device . i plugged my tablet in with that and it booted normally and started working ; i do not know why that fixed it , but it did .
since you specifically mention twrp in your question , i will just use it as my example . note that cwm or any other possible android recovery project will also apply . it looks like there is a slight misconception at play . i will just drop a few clarifying notes here : twrp is indeed an image to be flashed . flashing twrp does not overwrite your bootloader . twrp is not a bootloader replacement - it is recovery software . it is a drop-in replacement for android 's stock open-source recovery mode , and therefore has the access needed to do things like create/restore backups root devices install official updates so the short answer is : yes ! it is indeed possible to root without overwriting the stock bootloader ! a few more notes : twrp ( and cwm recovery ) is a mature ( several years old and quite stable ) open-source project that is used by a huge portion of the android community and considered very trustworthy . flashing twrp will replace the contents of /recovery/ . you generally need to use the stock bootloader in order to select the boot-to-recovery option in order to use twrp .
yes , you can delete the stock email ( email . apk ) and stock calendar ( calendar . apk , calendarprovider . apk ) app . for a list of other apps you can delete on cyanogenmod , see the expandable list at the bottom of the cm wiki . i am not so sure for aosp though .
when i went to service center with this problem , they gave the reason that this is because of a full battery drainage . and they were correct . after recharging the battery it worked . it was unexpected . also after a few days it again showed this message but after restarting the phone it worked again . i suspect the problem has to be something related to battery or charging . its now a month i am not getting this error . i am glad that i was not able to try the above methods .
even if you move apps to the sdcard , the apps will still use space in /data/data/ this is where the user data is stored for the application . this includes things like the database , additional application specific files , other cached data . devices that do not have large a /data/data partition are very troublesome with a lot of current applications . applications like google+ , chrome , gmail ( just as a couple examples ) can use a lot of space in /data/data/ . to see if the issue is /data/data/ you can try and clear data for some applications and see if the notification goes away . not just the cache for the application , actually clearing the data .
seems you ram usage is on higher side . install xda assistant from play store and do some cleanup of your tablet . its an all in one and comes handy with lots of utility . it has : document explorer if rooted , you can remove bloatwares . ram booster wifi explorer app2sd remove programs from startup and lot more utilities in a single app . it works well when you have root permissions on your device . also i would recommend history eraser to clean any sort of cache . ** please note , i am just a user of this app not the representative of its company . **
i do not know how to change voice over cellular phone calls , but there is a voip calling app which allows you to change voice : voice changer calling .
there used to be an app called spoofapp that let you spoof your caller id and change your voice . it was a free app but you had to buy credits to use it . i tried it and it did work . the voice changer worked too although it sometimes sounded a little cartoonish . the app is now called phone gangster and i am not sure if it still works the same .
i do not think this is a design feature . . . i am not able to reproduce this at all ( except for scrolling down a bit : ) . however , as the android market app is not the most stable app on the android platform , you might want to try clearing the market app cache . go to settings - applications - manage applications - select android market app - click the clear cache button . restart the market app and check if the checkbox is present .
as workaround you can prefix the notebook names with non-alphabetic characters to control the sort order . for example i prefix my notebooks with zero to three underscore characters ( "_" ) to sort the notebooks in four groups , as so _notebook1 _notebook2 _notebook3 __notebook1 __notebook2 __notebook3 ___notebook1 ___notebook2 ___notebook3 notebook1 notebook2 notebook3 you can use any other renaming scheme you find appropriate in your case , for example , simply prefix the notebooks by numbers ( "1_" , "2_" , "3_" , and so on ) .
notebooks can only be sorted ( in the mobile app , it is the button to the left of the magnifying glass ) by : title note count user maybe you can request for custom sorting from evernote .
short answer : no long answer : it is all the apps and services running in the background , some great apps i use for monitoring what is going on with the phone : system panel [ theres also a lite version , systempanellite task manager ] cpu spy betterbatterystats with those you will be able to narrow down what is causing all the battery drain also it may be wakelocks on your kernel
take a closer look when swiping your finger to unlock the screen , there are a few apps surrounding the unlock area , swipe right to only unlock and not open other apps . to change these shortcuts , go to settings - lock screen - slider shortcuts .
cyanogenmod 11 is only released as nightly build and will have a few bugs , and these types of bugs are common . unfortunately there is not enough information in your post to nail down the problem . i would need to know the phone , cm build number , and would need to know if you did clean or dirty flash the last time you updated cm . without this information my advice is to uninstall apollo or use an app like titanium backup pro to freeze it , and use a much better music app such as poweramp .
unfortunately , you did not specify your android version : ( however : android 4 . x onwards : open up your People app . look for an entry called Me . click it . click the picture at the top , and select either take picture or select from gallery . take or select a picture , crop it and your done ! android ≤ 4 . x : note : it has been a while since i tried this - i cannot remember if it works or not open your Contacts app . add a new entry , call it Me or just add your name in like usual . add your number fully . you may want to add it twice ( with and without country code ) . add a picture to that contact you just created . voila ! the picuture is now in sms ! other method : i noticed that on some contact apps , there is a ' my contact card ' or something like that in the menu . if you have it , you can use it to set your picture as well .
press the back button then the home screen button its kind of control then print screen on a desktop
if you are in an app , and push the back button , you will back out of the app . however , hold the back button , then go to the app while still holding the back button -- then press the home button , and you will have your screen shot of the app .
you are supposed to hold the back button for a long time , and then press the home button . when you hold the back button for a long time it does not close the application or take you back . this works from inside applications and even when the screen is locked . just try pressing the back button long enough .
i found a way ! first things first , hold onto the home button , and do not let go . then press the " back " button while still holding on to the home button . place another finger on the " back " button . you should now have two fingers holding both the back and home button . with your other hand , lock the screen and turn it back on . after unlocking the screen , go into the message thread you want to copy , and then take your fingers off the home and back buttons . voila ! the screen will capture the messages and you do not have to worry about backing out of it .
see these other two , older questions , about how to take screenshots : taking a screenshot of an android phone ? and can i screenshot my htc legend without rooting it ?
heck my 2 youtube videos about getting around hardware screenshots : http://www.youtube.com/user/improtherapy#p/a/u/0/yzlm6ayxdxw
my answer ( s ) : ( these are limited to my experiences ) no , you most likely will not be able to apply a standard update to a rooted phone . as far as turning off the update , this is most likely specific to the phone , and if it is being pushed by your carrier , my guess is you can not just turn it off . i would choose ( now that you are rooted ) to just flash a new rom . if you like your stock stuff , you can probably find a rom that is the same thing you are using now , with the 2.3.6 update . this rom may be what you are looking for in the case i described . it does not require you to do a wipe either , basically the update for your phone !
factory reset only resets all user data , not the os itself . if your update failed for some reason , you had have to reflash the phone . you can find info on this in the xda-developers forum . note that since your phone is rooted , your warranty may be void . take this into consideration before you take your phone to the service center .
my phone is working on 4.1.1 and i downloaded and installed the application , it worked fine . no problems at all . xda seems to be a reliable source . i used it to type this answer and i am going to uninstall it as i have paid version of swiftkey . i will post a comment whether it uninstalls or not .
enabling gps does not actually activate gps . it just allows applications to activate the gps . so leaving the gps flag on all the time will not consume battery power unless applications activate the gps and ask for the current location .
it should not have any impact on your battery life if you do not use any gps enabled application . however there is nothing that forbids apps to use the gps in background if it is enabled . it is the case with google latitude . so if latitude is enabled it will use the gps in background in some occasions to find your location . in this case you will see an impact on your battery life . do not know of any other apps that does that .
Menu | Settings | About phone | Battery use will show you what has been using your battery . i very seldom see gps in there , unless i have been doing a lot of heavy google maps work , and even then not that much . try keeping an eye on that and see how much battery your gps is really using .
normally your battery life will be the same . only if applications start requesting gps updates the battery will be affected . the switch from the power control is just a shortcut to prohibit / allow applications to enable gps location updates .
i do not know the actual impact , since a lot of applications use the location-service ( either gps or just phone-antenna ) but you can test this by using currentwidget for example . this tool will give you the ability to log the battery usage at an interval .
the autoshare app in the android market can do this . once this app is set up , it is 100% non-interactive &mdash ; you do not have to edit the email or click a " send " button . everything gets filled out and sent in the background . this is a major benefit ! however , the app requires you to set up an email server/password/userid to do that . with gmail it was a breeze to set up . i do not think this app uses the gmmail app &mdash ; it connects straight to google 's smtp server .
the following is a solution that will work if you are sharing images from the browser . this will not work in the gallery though . unfortunately i am not aware of any custom share apps that add to the gallery 's share menu . install bookmarklet free ( it allows you to add services to the " share " menu , including custom ones ) . to make a custom " mail to yourself " bookmarklet just open the app and create a custom bookmarklet that has the following for the starting url : https://mail.google.com/mail/?view=cm&amp;fs=1&amp;tf=1&amp;to=YOUR@EMAIL.COM&amp;su=SUBJECT  replace your@email . com with the email you want to default send to and replace subject with the subject . leave the rest of the fields alone . now in the browser if you are looking at an image you can long click it and choose share and choose your custom bookmarklet .
as per my comment , rename the contact for yourself to " zz " .
as matthew read noted in a comment : yes , it is . the entire data directory is simply deleted : the shared_prefs directory is absent in the last ls listing because i did not launch the app , i only reinstalled it , therefore there were no preferences yet created for it ( it sets defaults on the first launch ) . i point this out only because it illustrates that the preferences from the previous install were not retained anywhere .
this is probably obvious , but . . . some apps that have the permission " modify/delete usb storage " may use the internal memory for caches etc . and may not necessarily remove the data once the app is deleted . i have seen apps to write in not so obvious directories like /sdcard/data/[package name]/ , but mostly they use /sdcard/[app name]/ which is easy to spot and delete .
those offsets are normally used in differential gps . a fix point ( station ) knows it exact location ( from manual measurments ) , calculates from the gps data the requred offset for correction and send this ( quasi constant ) offset ( ex . 2.5m sw ) to you . the assumption is that if you are close to this station the atomospheric error ( =offset ) is valid also for your position in some distance . im not too familiar with android , but you could send manipulated d-gps data maybe ? for radio those are send with rtcm ( radio technical commission for maritime services ) , ( you can get down to 2cm accuracy ) - for mobile phones you need to stitch to ntrip ( networked transport of rtcm via internet protocol ) : http://www.rtcm-ntrip.org/home most of them are non free/paid , so you need to look around ( if you really want there a ways to make your own low cost server ( raspberry pi . . ) ) would you still need offset if the accuracy is already very good ? boosting accuracy seems easier ! have a look at https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lefebure.ntripclient ==> ACCESS_MOCK_LOCATION - Used for routing external position data to other applications. but this solution has also it downsides :- (
this is application specific . for example , car navigation apps generally would snap your position to the nearest street when driving around . i am not aware if there is any way to set an offset for all applications , a rooted application would probably be able to do that .
this is caused by the sms limit in android . you can install this sms limit tool in xda to get around this issue . note : your phone must be rooted . if you are feeling generous to the developer , there is a paid version in google play .
there is a new app on google play that supports even new versions of android ( i tried all the other tools but they stop working if you are on android 4.1 or higher ) . it lets you change the number of messages you can send per hour ( default is 30 or 100 , but it lets you change that up to 2,000 per hour ) of even remove the limit completely . google play link : sms limit unlock
why that complicated ? there is no xprivacy or other tool required to prevent your device from syncing contacts with google . it is rather a question of your settings : if on account creation you decided to " backup your data with google " , you might want to re-consider this , as this might include more personal data than just your contacts in settings→accounts and sync you can define what should be synced with your online accounts ( not restricted to google ) . switch off what you do not want to be synchronized . in your contacts app , you can chose the " default storage " . using something other than " google " here would also keep new entries from being sync'ed with google . note , however , that you cannot move existing entries between the several possible storages directly ; you might need to export them , remove them , and ( after switching your default storage ) re-import them . btw : same applies to your calendar . except there i do not know of any export/import feature in the calendar app , so for this part you probably need a 3 rd party app .
i believe it is related to this issue : onsignalstrengthschanged returns unknown signal strength where android return wrong strength on galaxy s2 .
what do you mean by having a " a bar " on the sim card ? i do not fully understand your situation but i will try to give you an answer you can work with . i have checked out giffgaff and apparently this is a pre-paid network in the uk . let 's forget about internet for a second . can you make calls with the giffgaff sim card in the phone ? if you can , then you know your phone is not locked . get a giffgaff sim card . unlock your phone ( if not unlocked already ) . activate your sim card online . top it up . check out the joining giffgaff guide . when you are done with all that you need to receive and apply the mms and internet settings . i believe giffgaff will send you a special sms message as soon as you activate your sim card . this is a special kind of sms that holds your internet and mms settings . the phone will usually prompt you to save the settings . if you do not get this prompt you need to check the phone user manual . if you do not receive the sms you need to re-send it from the giffgaff website ( if possible ) or contact giffgaff to have them send it to your phone number . this covers the automatic method of setting mms and internet settings . this can be also done manually ( recommended only for experienced users ) . in that case you will need to configure the apn and mms settings . these are the details you will need to put in the phone . for internet : APN - Access Point Name: giffgaff.com Login - Username: giffgaff Password: password  for mms : you can find a more complete guide here . for settings these values in android , you will find a guide here . android might ask you for details like mnc and mcc . the details above are usually enough , but here are the more complete details you will need for manually configuring mms and internet access on android . you will find a step by step instruction here . for instructions specific to your samsung device you will need to see your user manual for the phone . you should have received a printed copy with your phone , but if you did not receive it or have lost it you can find it online here . for further assistance please contact giffgaff here . you will need to log in with your username and password . there is also a community forum here . same thing here , to ask questions you need to log in with a username and password . you are probably better off presenting your problem to the giffgaff community than asking here at android se , as these are giffgaff users who probably better understand how this network works and what the requirements are than any average user here at android se would know . if you still need samsung specific instructions for setting up internet and mms , drop a comment here below . good luck !
point 1: the error u have shown regarding cant mount **** has nothing to do with your phone bricking . its just compilation errors in building cwm recovery ( i blv this is the one u hv used ) point 2: unbricking by use of odin is by far the easiest way to get ur phone back and working . this link will help you if u follow it properly link point 3: regarding your driver issue i have a solution which will definitely solve ur problem ( as it worked with me thrice . . ! ) install samsung usb drivers software which u will find in the above link . put ur phone in download mode connect it to the pc after it fails to recognize the drivers , go to device manager and check for " unknown " device select options manual installation > select from list select samsung adb driver proceed to odin flashing . . . !
just enter these codes in dial pad . the moment you type the last # key it will automatically open a window with information . ( no need of hitting dial button ) these codes have been confirmed working on galaxy s4 models . *#06# imei number *#0*# test screen *#0283# audio loopback *#2663# firmware and update versions *#12580*369# software and hardware info *#0228# battery status *#2263# rf band selection *#9090# service mode *#7284# uart modem pda *#8736364# update settings *#7353# quick test menu note : none of these codes work on android 4.3 !
you should not trust such a list of secret codes , simply because secret codes are not only device specific but mostly app specific . secret codes are generally defined by the applications installed on the device . if you want to have a valid list of secret codes available on your device , you should use an automated secret codes crawler . i recently developped an open source app that crawls androidmanifest . xml files on your device to found secret codes , and allows you to execute the secret codes available on your device . you can get it on the play store or on the github repository android-secret codes . but keep in mind that sometimes , secret codes are just executing themselves silently ( without visual hint )
it is a hardware fault and it may be unlikely you will find one without it i have only seen one that did not have the issue and it was an early sample . returned several myself then got my money back samsung should issue a public statement about this as the camera part of the phone is not fit for its purpose with this fault . probably best to get your money back and wait until samsung come clean about what is going on with this issue . if you do decide to get a different phone with an 8mpix camera do check it out before buying as it could be to do with the sensor supplier and the same sensor may be used in other phones
i have the same problem here in brazil . last year , i bought a galaxy s , and the photos had that red color in the center . i went to the store and exchanged it for another one , which had the same problem . i went to the store and returned it . i decided for an iphone 4 . now , i got bored with iphone 4 and this week i bought another galaxy s , it has the same problem ( red color in the center of the photo ) , but i decided to keep it anyway . for what i see in your post , the red color is a general problem . i just don’t understand why the samsung has not already corrected that problem . i have made some tests with the camera , and noticed that the problem occurs in low light conditions , especially under incandescent light , but outdoors the picture is normal . maybe the problem could be correct by some software or an update for samsung . i looked over in the internet and didn’t find any solution . so , if somebody knows a solution , please post it here .
i would take the phone to where ever you bought it from and have them take a look at it . it is most likely some sort of hardware issue that they will be able to take care of .
i use appmonger by rectangular software and i love it . there is a widget that can report sales right on the home screen . the app costs like $4.00 but it is well worth it . the developer updates the app on a regular basis and is good about giving support via email if needed . also if bugs are reported , there is a pretty good turn around for the fix . there are different time spans that you can select to get reports for . you can get reports for all apps or specific apps . some information that is supplied is : daily revenue/units sold revenue/units sold by product revenue/units sold by country revenue/units sold by day of the week revenue/units sold by hour of the day order statuses orders list
try recreating it on the phone instead , maybe just enough to make a valid entry , say name and phone # ( bogus # if need be ) , then sync . if it takes , then fix it on gmail from your computer .
method 1 stop syncing with google account , check that all google contacts are gone , set up sync again . method 2 remove the google account , add it again . ( you can do both in accounts and sync from phone settings . )
try deleting and clearing your contacts storage ( settings > applications > manage applications - show all ) and re-syncing . one good thing about google 's gmail contacts - it retains backup sets , so you can restore previously modified / deleted contacts from within the gmail web interface . or you can try creating a fresh contact with the same info and slightly changed details , like adding a comma within the postal address or adding a prefix like mr . / ms . etc .
there should be an option to remove non-primary google accounts if you go to settings -> accounts and sync -> ( the google account ) , tap the three-dot menu in the top right corner and select remove account .
yes , on august 3rd 2012 google listen was discontinued and is no longer available on google play . if you already have it , it will continue to work , but on november 1st 2012 , the podcast search will cease to work . this project was very limited in functionality anyway . there are other apps out there that are updated and actively worked on . i think the last time google listen was updated was a couple months after it came out in 2009 . a lot of the podcast apps out there now can make use of the " listen subscriptions " folder that is in google reader . this is where google listen stored your subscribed podcasts . i continue to use reader to store my podcasts in this location , then i import it to the player on my phone .
generally , the answer is no . but there is a way to buy the apps first . find a friend who is willing to let you add your account to his/her phone , then you can buy the apps under your own account . edit : here 's an article i just came across .
android police has all the apks . here 's the lastest one .
if you long click on a text box , you have the option to change the keyboard to any you have enabled under Settings -&gt; Language &amp; Keyboard . maybe you accidentally switched it ; )
i had a similar question where i wanted to switch from azerty to qwerty . i think the same suggested free software ( from the answer ) will serve you well ( like it did for me ) .
swiftkey x supports the feature you are asking ( english with azerty keyboard ) . try out their demo . after you have installed the app , go to the settings of swiftkey . go to " languages and layouts " next to englush , tap on the little keyboard icon . then choose azerty . you will now have english autocorrect on an azerty keyboard .
multi-user was added with android 4.2 -- you are running 4.0 , so there is no native way to go multi-user without upgrading your system . if you have your device rooted , you might want to take a look at switchme multiple accounts , which works with android 2.1 and up . with android 4.1 , you could make use of the user management app . both would enable you to have a multi-user feature on your device .
you can use a Variable Split action with a splitter of / to get the pieces , then use %VAR(&lt;) to get the filename . if the fact that the full filename is in an array already gives you problems , copy the array element into a non-array variable first . from your comments , it sounds like you have this code : it is probably not a good idea to use %files as both the " variable " and the " items " portion of the for loop . try using %file for the variable , then replace all references to %files inside the loop with %file . please correct me if i have not captured your code correctly .
i just used the replace function but left the replace string blank . i chose to replace the directory path with nothing and that left me with an array of filenames .
via the command line : <code> $ su # pm disable com . android . providers . media/com . android . providers . media . mediascannerreceiver </code>
you will need to root your phone first and then download and install a free app from the market called ' rescan media root ' by ' aditya talpade ' . launch the app and you can easily disable the scans .
have you tried using light flow ? it does the what the same thing as the custom rom does and instagram is on their list of support apps for their pro version .
easytether is the easiest way to share your phone wireless internet with your computer . you install the program on your phone , set up the drivers ( which can be found here ) and run . to enable easytether , check the top box on the application screen . easy as that ! after you install the drivers : for ubuntu : start a terminal window type easytether connect it will connect , and give you another command that you can type into another terminal window to see status information about your connection . note : the original terminal window you open ( that you typed easytether connect into ) must stay open while you are using the connection for windows : right click the easytether logo in the taskbar ( lower right hand side , by the clock ) choose connect via (big number here) you are connected !
it worked out of the box in ubuntu 12 . while installing the deb package , i got the following error message in /var/log/syslog . but , this warning can be ignored . May 18 22:49:29 dev01 udevd[375]: invalid ENV attribute, 'DRIVER' can not be set /lib/udev/rules.d/65-easytether.rules:1  i had installed easy tether lite application in my android phone following the instructions from the application . to connect to the phone , i did : the network-manager was able to pick up the device immediately and configured a dhcp address automatically . when i check the default route , it was properly setup to the tether device . overall , it is very easy to get connected . : )
i do not know if this will work with your device , but i used to use android wired tether the couple times i needed to use my phones data connection . it does require root , so i do not know if that is an option for you or not .
do not have a windows machine handy but look in the microsoft site advises , ( for windows 7 ) : autoplay lets you choose which program to use for different kinds of digital media , such as music cds or pictures from your digital camera . show all to turn autoplay on or off when you turn autoplay on , you can choose what should happen when you insert different types of digital media into your computer . for example , you can choose which digital media player is used to play cds . when autoplay is turned off , you are prompted to choose what you want to do when you insert digital media into your computer . open autoplay by clicking the start button picture of the start button , and then clicking control panel . in the search box , type autoplay , and then click autoplay . do one of the following : to turn autoplay on , select the use autoplay for all media and devices check box . to turn autoplay off , clear the use autoplay for all media and devices check box . click save . n.b. it is almost always a good idea to turn this off as it stops malicious code on cds/dvds/usb keys/etc from being able to run .
adding on @steve 's answer : you can also disable only the autoplay action for your htc . you can access the autoplay menu directly from the start menu by writing Autoplay in the search box . in the autoplay menu , you will see ( probably near the bottom ) a line corresponding to your htc , where you can choose no action
try to connect the phone as mtp device > under the usb connection settings . should help !
the log in user is always a user . you have to invoke su to run specific commands as the root user , and su will not work unless you have rooted your device to gain access to the root account ( imagine it is password prtoected and you have to crack the password ) . to gain root access on your device , check out how do i root my device ? root explorer and similar apps will automatically invoke su when they are able to . the superuser app can be used to control access to su , so that you do not have to worry about rogue applications elevating themselves beyond your user permissions .
here you have some info about root on android device and how to get it : http://www.reddit.com/r/android/comments/dfy5x/all_how_to_root_your_android_phone/ as far as i see you have htc desire phone . it looks that easiest way to get root is to run program from this website : http://unrevoked.com/
the setting is available in google translate app : open google Translate &gt; Settings &gt; Speech Input italian would be set to Default Dialect . just set it to Italian (Italy) ( or the corresponding option ) and re-check .
open the alarm and clock application , then select the alarm that you want to change . select alarm sound and select an option , or select the music note button to select from your music files . tap done twice . http://userguide.sonymobile.com/referrer.php?region=global-enproduct=xperia-z2#!alarm-clock.html
i have a t-mobile g1 ( the first android phone ) that is a few years old now and sensitivity on the touch screen is still intact . if you do not treat your phone well it is likely that over time you are going to damage it or the screen can get so dirty that sensitivity might decrease , but it is not an issue with the touch screen technology . any phone that is badly treated will get damaged .
my motorola droid is as sensitive now as it was in october 2009 . at least i do not notice any appreciable loss of sensitivity . this is my daily carry/drop/reflash/abuse phone , so if there were going to be some loss , it would happen by now . in my palmpilot days , i could definitely tell a difference after about a year , but that was probably due more to the precise poking of a stylus .
capacitive touchscreens found in modern smartphones do not wear out , physically , because they are solid-state technology behind a piece of glass . practically the only way to destroy them is to build up a goodly amount of static electricity and then touch the screen -- if you are deliberate about this , it might zap the circuitry , but it is not specific to touchscreens and you can do that with all kinds of electronics . resistive touchscreens found in older electronics can wear out because they are basically made of movable things ; two layers of transparent conductive material with a thin air gap in between them . because the screen relies on physical pressure from your fingertip , there can not be a solid piece of glass in front of it ( even if the lcd screen behind the touch array probably is made of glass ) . when your finger presses the layers together when you touch this screen , you effectively create an electrical short that is used to signal which point on the screen was touched . press hard enough and you can damage these layers so that they do not move away from each other again . press often enough and you will simply wear out the outermost soft plastic material of the screen -- this is why it is important to use a clean stylus ( and/or a screen protector ) .
i used spareparts+ to set compatibility mode off , it really works . but , in 4.2.1 , spareparts+ seems not working . i am still finding some way to set compatibility mode off in 4.2.1
your only option is to contact the developer of the application via the contact email in its google play page . the only compatibility option ics has is a way to force accelerated rendering . this can be found under the Developer Options section of the Settings app . based on your description , though , this probably will not resolve the scaling issue you have , besides possibly speeding the app up a bit .
wifi only tablets fit your requirement of " no calling facility " but they have sound and some have camera . google is coming up with project ara , here is the link http://www.projectara.com this project specifically targets people who wants to customize their mobile phones just like " assembling components in desktop pc " . for example:- if you want to remove the camera , you can simply remove that particular module alone . but android might not be compatible with such configuration as of now . may be in coming months , probably in a year or two you might be able to do all that . in some countries they have managed to remove google services and install their own yandex , nokia has done the same with one of their models , amazon has done something similar with android .
" i do not want any app to get installed on it . . . " technically this is impossible , since there are system apps like SystemUI and framework-res that android needs to actually function . but if you are talking about non-essential apps only , then perhaps you can delete them with root . go to /system on a file manager that supports root , e.g. x-plore and root explorer , and delete the apps that you think are safe to delete . be careful though , as those apps are on the /system partition and not /data for a reason . your phone might become unstable after this . the list of safe apps varies per manufacturer , but remember , google is your friend ! good luck .
do this : boot into recovery wipe cache wipe dalvik cache wipe them again install your rom the first successful boot afterwards is going to take a while , as it is rebuilding dalvik cache . if you are not boot looping here , just let it go for a long while . if it boots a while and reboots , wait some more .
i think the problem is with the recovery . use the recommended version of cwm recovery . also check the md5 checksum of the cm11 zip file u downloaded to see if its intact .
i hate to answer my phone question on here , but finally sorted it ! thanks to adach1979 for pointing me towards a useful resource too . in the end i had to put cm10.2 onto the sd card and install that using cwm - it wiped all of my data ( urgh ) but at least the phone was working again . i then used cyanogenmod 's fantastic installer to get the latest version - http://beta.download.cyanogenmod.org/install i then had issues where the usb kept disconnecting , apparently this is common on samsung devices and i managed to fix it by using zadig and these instructions - http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/82393-samsung-devices-we-couldnt-talk-to-your-phone/ and now , almost 4 hours after i started , cm11 is finally installed on my phone ! : )
a quick google search turned up this . does it help ? have you tried re-installing the version you were upgrading from ?
just to collect more information with this question for future use of it , what recovery did you use ? maybe the zip you downloaded was corrupted or for another device . indeed , i had the same problem with my i9505 trying flashing a niglty build of cm11 . let me know ! regards , luca
samsung has changed the " pin layout " on this port so that it is not compatible with standard mhl accessories - even ones made by samsung . if you want this functionality ( hdmi out ) for your sgs3 , you will need to buy the samsung adapter that is made specifically for this phone model , and you will not be able to re-use that adapter with other devices . personally , i think it is better to avoid buying the samsung adapter . for starters , it is getting such that you do not know what you are getting with samsung mobile accessories . they have done this before ( e . g . the pseudo- pdmi connector on their tablets ) and are now labelling products as mhl that are incompatible with the mhl standard and other products . as well as causing confusion and extra expense for their users , this undermines this useful emerging standard , is inconvenient and inefficient , and it is bad for the environment as it blocks the re-use of accessories . but i do not mean to turn this into an anti-samsung post at all - i think the sgs3 is a great phone . they are , of course , just trying to increase their accessory revenues . it is up to consumers now - if this move does not increase their accessory revenue then they probably will not repeat it . answer edited to add this site about the issue : http://www.galaxymhl.com/
it is a known problem in android system . you should use a third party app . i know ( and recommend ןא ! ) the ' ics 2 android ' application . you can download it from google market : ics 2 android
from giztech . in how to accept or reject events with exchange email in galaxy s or any android mobile ?
yes , support for this is native in android . i have an exchange account added to my phone ( settings > accounts and sync > add account ) . once i snyc'd email and calendar i was able to receive meeting requests through the mail application , accept them , and then see them show up in my calendar with a different color . the way google handles exchange is really sweet . update : so i played around a bit and here is what i found . from the gmail app on the phone you cannot accept appts . but , not sure how it works with ical and such , i just sent myself a meeting notice from my exchange outlook calendar to my gmail account . i signed into gmail from my computer , got the invite , i clicked yes i am attending , and it now shows on my calendar . so from the gamil app it appears we cannot accept invites but from a computer we can . : (
the android device manager application has access to many device permissions . some of those allow it enable gps capabilities in order to find out the device 's current location . once you enable it on your phone , you can log into adm 's web site , and provided your device currently has internet connectivity , you can send a request to your phone to retrieve this information and send it to google 's servers . google then displays see this information on a live map . as described in the help section of adm 's website , you can also choose to provide the phone number to dial once you lock the device remotely ( it can be any number that you currently have access to . ) this information is then sent to the phone , and is displayed on the lock screen with a dial button . you can also choose to wipe your device , in which case google will remotely instruct the adm app that is installed on your device to perform a full factory reset ( including wiping the contents of removable storage . ) in terms of privacy issues , it is definitely a trade-off . by using apps like android device manager ( there are plenty of alternatives as well , ) you are trusting that application 's developers with your location data . in return there is a small chance that you will be able to retrieve a lost or stolen phone , or at the very least erase your private data off of it . in this case you place your trust in google , since they are developing adm .
download ical import export 2.2 from the play store and you can backup the calendar on your phone . move the file to your pc and follow the instructions here : https://support.google.com/calendar/answer/37118?hl=en to upload to your google calendar online . or maybe you can just turn sync on ? that i do not know . but create the backup first if you try it ! good luck
first of all you do not tell us what exactly apps you uninstalled there is a chance that you uninstalled some app that cannot be replaced by just adding gapps . varius gapps for all the versions can be found here https://goo.im/gapps/ please be carefull to choose the right version according to the version of android installed on your smartphone . you should not be afraid to flash . zips from the cwm , one of the reasons of root and installing a custom recovery it this one . also it will save you a lot of time . if the first line of this answer is true then you will have to reinstall the rom that is currently being used at your smartphone .
you can postpone the installation of an os update , but you can not put it off forever . just keep watching for the notification that an update is available . after some period of time , though , and i do not know how long that is , the update will simply download and install on its own . be aware , though , that if it were possible to postpone it forever , any future update will not install on your phone .
( 1 ) if you have root , you can use titianium backup , and uninstall " device management 3.0" ( or some other version ) . ( 2 ) or , [ also needs root ] , remove dmclient . apk , dmclient . odex , cmclient . apk , cmclient . odex from /system/app . back-up these files first , in case you want to update in the future ; you will need these .
if you can find a rom on a forum or website , you can easily flash it using fastboot - as long as it supports fastboot flashing . most rom makers provide both types of rom flashing mode . to flash , you should have a . img file ( most likely called system.img ) . you can flash this by connecting your device in fastboot mode to your pc and using this command : fastboot flash system C:\path\to\system.img this will then flash the image to your phone . once that is done , erase your user data using the fastboot -w command . you should then be able to use your phone with the new rom , and it should boot correctly .
no need to factory reset . just go to Settings &rarr ; Call . scroll down to the bottom and enable Show caller ID for missed calls on lock screen and status bar .
seems to support only 4g . comparison of nexus 7 2012 and 2013 versions .
the current new nexus 7 's only support wifi . they do not support any mobile data yet . but once they are released with mobile data support , you can count on them supporting older networks , like 3g ( hspa/hspa+ ) as well as supporting 4g ( lte ) . lte coverage is not wide enough for them to only support 4g .
yes , it does support 2g ( gsm/edge ) and 3g ( umts/hspa+ ) . source : https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/3248332 nexus 7 ( 2013 ) tech specs ( lte ) north america and japan : gsm : 850/900/1800/1900 mhz hspa+: 850/900/1900/2100/aws ( 1700/2100 ) mhz ( bands : 1/2/4/5/8 ) lte : 700/850/1700/1800/1900/2100 mhz ( bands : 1/2/3/4/5/13/17 ) rest of world : gsm : 850/900/1800/1900 mhz hspa+: 850/900/1900/2100/aws ( 1700/2100 ) mhz ( bands : 1/2/4/5/8 ) lte : 800/850/1700/1800/1900/2100/2600 mhz ( bands : 1/2/3/4/5/7/20 ) note that it appears that there are two nexus 7 2013 lte models , which differ in lte bands , but umts and gsm bands appear the same .
this may no longer be relevant since voice is being replaced by hangout , and you can only make video calls with hangout . you could look into using a google voice number with a voip client , like groove ip , to make calls . this is a great tutorial if you need some help getting started .
i am using ezpdf reader , and it has the features you need . but i do not know what you mean by open source . maybe free ? if yes , ezpdf reader has a paid and a somewhat reduced ( but not free ) lite version .
adobe reader x for android v10.3 now supports annotation , highlights and commenting . it is not open source , but it is free to the end user . there are currently no open source android pdf utilities that have worthwhile annotation features . this wiki page at the university of massachusetts boston lists several open source android pdf viewers , with links : http://howto.wikispaces.umb.edu/pdf+annotation+with+android ( i can not post a reply containing more than two links , my apologies . )
see if google search is somehow disabled in the list of apps . alternatively , ensure that the latest version of google search has been installed in your device . i am assuming of course , that google now is a supported feature in your country .
i am pretty sure that the order it determined by the frequency you call or receives calls from these contacts ( maybe sms messages are also counted ) . there is iirc no manual way to fix the order .
this is not a standard feature of the launcher . this has most likely been added by samsung to their touchwiz build of the galaxy note - as such , it would not be possible to get this on your galaxy tab .
this may not be exactly what you are seeing , but i have seen situations where the " home"/launcher app will be garbage collected . the next time the phone returns to the home screen , it shows a loading screen as it restarts the launcher app . depending on the model of phone , rom , and launcher you use , this initialization screen may be different , and it may go through the process of re-detecting the current signal/connection , etc . so it could be a question of which parts of the boot sequence are actually the boot sequence and which parts are the launcher startup which happens immediately after bootup , but which can occur at other times too . on my droid incredible with skyraider , i see the skyraider launcher splash screen ( which is different from the boot animation ) and then i see all the widgets and shortcuts on my home screen load from scratch when this happens .
this is a crash and restart of the android runtime , without a crash and reboot of the underlying linux operating system kernel . the uptime refers to the underlying linux , so it is maintained across the framework restart . the difference between a framework crash and restart vs . a kernel crash and reboot is not very apparent to the end user , since there is no visual console while the gui is down ; from a debugging perspective though they are very different and imply bugs in different parts of the system . for point of comparison , if you connect to a device by adb ( and i think this even works on a secured , ie not rooted one ) , you can cause a framework restart by typing stop ; start  and a reboot by typing reboot  you may or may not see any difference in sequence of splash screens , though the framework restart may be a little faster than a reboot .
you might need to reboot . your battery will not be damaged by hot removing it . it has an internal circuit to prevent overcharge . removing it while ( dis ) charging does not matter . see this post from android developer dianne hackborn .
take a look on android web developer . i am developer of this application . with this app you can see the result in application or in external browser ( e . g . chrome ) other features : support all major web languages and formats : php , javascript , css , html a lot of ways to reach your project ( ftp , ftps , sftp , webdav and growing ) code highlighting code completion error checking hardware keyboard support ( e . g hotkeys ) code beautifying with one click tablet ready ui line numbering quick preview of your page highlighting the current line search and replace with regular expressions unlimited undo/redo full screen mode recent projects periodical autosaving rename/create/delete/copy-paste files inside you project hope it helps .
sure . first find a text editor that you like , then launch the editor and open the html file . many editors will also show up as an option in the launch menu for html files if you open them from a file browser , so you may be able to just find your html file in your file browser and select your text editor when you open it . edit : per your comments , if you are looking for an " open with " style menu then i can recommend file expert . you can long press on any file and it will give you an " open with " option which allows you to choose from the list of your installed applications . there might be other file managers that do this , too , but i am not sure . astro has " open as " which is a bit more limited since it gives you a list of applications based on the file type you choose ( text , music , video , image ) .
use the touchqode app to see a nice code editor including syntax highlighting , a special keyboard and code recommendation .
i ended up finding a great app called calendar snooze that does exactly what i was looking for . you can set custom snooze times , set how often the reminders repeat if you do not snooze them , etc .
when you create an alarm using the ( stock ) clock app , under the " notification " you can set " snooze " options : the duration of a snooze and the frequency of the snooze . i do not think you can choose the snooze duration when you click snooze at the actual alarm time though .
sorry , but you cant prevent this . the developer can set in the androidmanifest . xml if the activity ( the screen you see ) hide the statusbar or not . this is the setting , if you are interested in : @android:style/Theme.NoTitleBar
please check my question Unable to connect Samsung Galaxy (Tab-2) GT-P3100 to Computer via USB and its answer too . it is defiantly helpful to you . . .
note that google play terms of service prohibits sharing of accounts by multiple person ( it allows sharing between multiple devices owned by the same person ) . with that said , the play store does support multiple accounts , however multiple accounts means that you will also share gmail , calendar , etc , which means you probably will have to create a third account specifically created for sharing .
that will not help , at least in most cases not . purchased apps are bound to the account they are purchased with , and an online license check is applied on them . so as soon as you " switch back " , and the app checks it is license , it will de-activate itself ( or at least refuse to work ) . it might work however as long as the account is still present on the device , though it is not the primary . so you could both have each other 's account configured on your devices in addition to your own . but then you also need to take care what you synchronize etc . i am not sure if that would be worth it , considered that most apps are free , and the payed ones usually come for cheap . edit : as posted at the same time , i just saw lie 's answer . to avoid syncing each other 's data , if you really want to go for it , the " third account " might in fact be the best option .
he will still have access to all his purchases . he will not be able to access the uk google play store , unless he uses alternative methods ( vpn/tunneling/market enablers . . ) . assuming he managed to access the uk play store ( 2 ) , he will be able to purchase as normal provided that he has access to his uk credit/debit card . in order to purchase a nexus device , he has to use his uk credit/debit card , and select a uk address for shipping , and then have someone forward him the package . provided that the devices he purchased was activated in the uk , he should still the books and movies apps on his android phones/tablets . some devices however will automatically freeze these apps on boot if the device was not activated in a supported country . note : devices , books , magazines , music and movies and tv are not available in switzerland without using methods that bypass the restrictions . note : the answer above is based on my experience with dealing with google purchases , market restrictions , and international shipping . i have never dealt with the swiss google market specifically , but the experience should be the same .
you find it in the options , in the " control " section . if you tap on an action ( e . g . for " shake" ) , a drop-down opens where you can select many things -- a.o. read ( text-to-speech ) . if you enable it here and then shake the device , moon+ will start to read the text to you . shake again to make it stop . you also can assign it to your dpad keys , or the headset controls ( just scroll further down on that page to see for yourself ) .
the best way to do this : at the bottom of miscellaneous options page , there is an option customize reader bar icon . tap it and check speak . now , you can easily access tts from bottom bar .
you can do so e.g. with tasker , adapting the wifi tether profile described in the tasker wiki -- provided your phone is rooted : requirements rooted device tasker locale execute plug-in ( no longer available -- but most likely no longer needed , either ) wireless tether for root users tasker-tasks tether-on : plugin -> execute script -> run shell /data/data/android.tether/tether start 1 , check " use root " ( with the locale execute plugin , prefix the command with an ! to mark it as " root command" ) tether-off : plugin -> execute script -> run shell /data/data/android.tether/tether stop 1 ( with the locale execute plugin , prefix the command with an ! to mark it as " root command" ) tasker-profiles you now can attach these tasks to any condition , such as e.g. " wifi near " with your networks name . you can also add things like " wifi on " / " wifi off " to above tasks to customize . detailed descriptions can be found in the linked wiki .
go to Settings-&gt;Sony Ericsson-&gt;Connectivity and un-check Auto connect in MSC .
i had the same problem and just figured out how to fix it . go to the screen on which you want to display your family contacts group . press the screen until the ' drag to rearrange , edit , or remove ' message appears at the top of the screen . drag the screen to the ' edit ' icon at the top left of the screen . you will get options to ' select a group for widget ' or ' edit group . ' if you choose ' select a group for widget , ' it will pull up your list of contact groups . choose the one you wish to display .
it is , if you have root access . found the following solution on l0uy blog : open /system/csc/others.xml and add the following child to the &lt;FeatureSet&gt; parant : &lt;CscFeature_Contact_SetLinkCountMaxAs&gt;30&lt;/CscFeature_Contact_SetLinkCountMaxAs&gt;  the 30 is the limit , how much contacts you will merge . choose what you want . works fine on 4.1.2 .
you should checkout mantistouch which provides an interface that is designed from the ground up for mobile devices including android , ios and windows phone . you can use mantistouch via the proxy at http://mantisbt.mobi or you can install on your owner server . the advantage of mantistouch is the it works across a wide variety of devices and its license covers all users associated with your mantisbt instance including your team and your customers . rather than having to buy an app per user . for more details checkout http://www.mantisbt.org/mantistouch.php
i have a android app for mantis bug tracker ready . i will be releasing it soon . in case you want to have a preview , do send me a message . soon i will be posting an url for android market . update : the android app for mantis has been released and can be downloaded from - https://market.android.com/details?id=greatdevelopers.mantis disclaimer : i am not advertising my app . i am just informing you that something like that is available . for more details contact me . in case the community feels this is not correct , i will
probably you can use mantisconnect . it has got a java client as well . more info can be had on here : http://www.futureware.biz/mantisconnect/downloads.php http://sourceforge.net/projects/mantisconnect/files/java%20client%20api/1.1.1.1/
this looks like what you want . basically , any rom that says it is a " gpe " rom or a " google play edition " rom will be what you are after . to get the google apps you will need to flash a gapps package such as the paranoidandroid ones - you can just choose the " stock " package . flash those after flashing the rom and you will have a pre-rooted , dev version rom .
definitely , the most unusual timing to anwser my own question ! when i picked up the phone . i accidentally held down the menu button and the on screen keyboard came up . the up &#9650 ; and down &#9660 ; buttons there will do the trick !
yes , you should be able to use fat32 with no problems . android supports fat/fat16 and fat32 , and i believe raw / unformatted cards may work with some phones . you can also use ext partitions but this requires some extra work , see for example how to use ext partition in my android ?
MTP stands for media transfer protocol . its honestly better than mass storage mode because the memory card does not need to be unmounted on the phone for the pc to transfer data . if you want to disable it , switch your connectivity to MSC mode first then enable charge only . MTP is a passive protocol that is why it cannot be turned off when it is set by default .
cleared dalvik cache and it worked .
the " classic cwm " does not even support the touch screen . it is operated solely via hardware keys -- usually the volume up/down keys to navigate , and the power button to confirm actions . on devices featuring a trackball ( as the " classic htc-wildfire for example ) , this can be used as well to scroll the menus and confirm actions . note that there is also a touch-enabled cwm available -- but that is not the " classical one " . however , if your device comes from the manufacturer , it is not equipped with clockworkmod , but with a stock recovery . stock recovery does not support nandroid backups . so you would first need to flash the recovery in order to use that . depending on the device , there may be different installation instructions ( and different requirements ) , so make sure to check that first . cwm would then replace the existing "3e " recovery located on the /recovery partition , but should leave the other parts ( e . g . your /data and /system ) intact .
need a more concrete answer - the stock recovery is very different to cwm ( clockwork mod ) in that stock recovery cannot do what cwm can do ! as for asking what can i do to install clockworkmod without touchscreen support you will have to re-flash the device with a custom boot/recovery/system , inevitably you will lose everything when that is carried out . i could suggest , let the device boot up , and try get a rom-dumper tool installed into /data/local/tmp by way of shell script or similar tool that will save the data that would be compatible with clockwork mod ( disclaimer : you are on your own here ) , you are rooted anyway at least ! : )
i am not sure if you as end-user could really fix the underlying problem . that is why it is always a good idea to send those bug reports that are ( sometimes ) shown after a force close occurs . but what you could try is to delete the application data , but this will eventually result in losing all your messages . go to the preferences -> manage applications -> choose the application -> delete application data
i have a droid bionic and i went into my contacts and at the top it says your profile and i filled it out and put my picture in there and it worked perfect .
in my case matt 's solution did not work , so i found this solution on http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/android/thread?tid=3a41f790937732e1hl=en this is caused by a few different problems . if you go into Settings -&gt; About phone -&gt; Status and the My Phone Number section is Unknown or not your number , then your problem is that the phone does not know which contact to use for you . if your number is in there and correct then it may not know which contact to use , if you have multiple contacts with the same number . unknown number in the first case ( unknown number ) you will need to use another handset to change the number . find someone ( possibly on the same network as you ) with an iphone and get them to let you put your sim card in it , on the iphone go into Settings -&gt; Phone -&gt; My Number and then enter your phone number , hit Okay and then eject the sim . put it back in your phone and it should just work , if not follow onto the next procedure . multiple matching contacts this is easier from gmail , find all the contacts you have with the same number as your phone ( with and without country codes ) and delete/merge them , if you deleted them create a new contact with your details and avatar in it and save . after syncing with the mobile your messaging app should show the correct avatar .
it depends on your device and what app you are using . on my droid 1 running froyo if i add my own cell # to my contacts the default messaging app uses the avatar that is set with that contact entry . if you add this it may take a little while for everything to sync up and for the pic to begin to display . in handcent sms you can set custom contact specific avatars .
i have a huawei ascend g300 click on your ' messaging ' icon to get a list of your conversations . then click on the menu button below your screen , click settings . you will see a title ' common settings ' look below common settings and there is ' my picture ' . click ' my picture ' to choose a profile photo from your gallery or take a photo with your camera . easy i found it by accident as i was searching how to add a picture of me . not having a profile picture was driving me insane ! ! ! ! lol
do not forget dlna using the allshare app , if your tv system supports it .
see this page for the galaxy s 's standard tv-out cable as sold by samsung , this plugs into the 3.5mm headphone port on the phone . it can also output hdmi via an adaptor that plugs into the micro-usb port , though this has the obvious disadvantage that you can not plug it into power to charge at the same time as playing .
according to this blog post , you need a 3.5mm -> rca/phono cable , and it goes in the headphone socket of the phone .
since you mentioned you were still seeing it after installing offline , i am going to assume you also tried the game while still offline . if the data was there , it could have made a folder to hold the data which you could get to and delete using a file explorer . there is a number of apps that make folders to hold data that do not get deleted when the app is uninstalled .
it is possible that the game progress is saved in the cloud , if you are using google play games . the google help page says you can clear this progress / data , but note that it will clear for all games : if you want to delete your saved data from all games that use cloud save , visit the google settings app and select menu > clear app data . this will clear all your data from all accounts . depending on your device , your menu icon may look different .
contacts , by default , that are saved on the device , will sync with the google account ( or accounts ) that are signed in on the device . if you have contacts on your sim , you can go in to the contacts application , go in to the menu and select " import/export " , then you select import from sim . this will import your contacts that are on your sim to the account ( s ) that you are logged in to on the device . finally , make sure you have contact sync enabled for your account . go in to the settings -> accounts and sync , select the google account you want to sync the contacts and then make sure " contacts " is checked . in response to your last comment about " you can save contacts to sim " , i guess that would depend on your device . aosp ( stock ) android 2.3.5 does not give you the option for phone the device and sim . below is a screenshot of all of my synced accounts , and the only option for " unsynced " . since you say you see icons next to some of them , i would be willing to guess you have a samsung device that is running touchwiz . there is a setting that you can change to " always add to ' this ' account " . do not bother " linking " multiple contacts together , it is only on the phone side , it does nothing when syncing .
i remember this . when i first got my phone i made the same mistake , setting my contacts to save to my phone instead of google . i believe i ended up using the free version of mybackup to backup my contacts , then restore them as google contacts .
open the contact list on your phone . hit the menu button from your contact list . from the list that appears hit the import/export tab . this will bring up a list of available export and importing options . once you have picked the option that applies to you the list will be backed up . what is left to do is import the contact list on your new phone . one more option , follow the guide : how to backup android contacts to gmail
it is been reported as a known issue on code . google . com . there is a long list of 79 comments which seem to indicate that rooting and adding a program called " autostarts " fixes the problem . this is obviously not something everyone is going to want to do . . . be careful if you go that route .
you can use the headset blocker widget to disable that behavior .
had this problem for the past couple days , and finally was sick of it . this morning , i tried deleting all my sms messages . after that did not work , i did this : menu - settings - applications - manage applications - all - messages , then hit " clear data " . that resolved the issue . you can try doing this before deleting your sms messages , but it may delete them when you clear the data -- not 100% sure ( it does warn it will wipe them ) . problem solved !
i have the same problem sometimes with my thunderbolt too . i deleted all the drafts and it does nothing , but you are on track because mine have been text that i typed in before either by mistake or never finished . here is the problem . the way i cleared it out before was to create an entirely new conversation since it is limited for a particular person , in my case .
on the main messages screen open the menu , then select drafts-> menu-> delete drafts . select the messages you want deleted , then press delete .
menu - settings - applications - manage applications - all - messages -> clear data worked for my htc thunderbolt .
since you mentioned text-messages my guess is that maybe you have a draft that the messaging app wants you to finish , although with my htc evo it does not do what yours is doing . try opening the message app and on the screen where you can see " all messages " open the menu and you might see an option to select " drafts " ( looks like a old 3.5" floppy ) . if you have any drafts delete them and see if this fixes your issue .
i stopped using the corporate email app that came with my droid because of stability issues and reasons like this . i got touchdown ( appbrain ) for my work ms exchange email and have not looked back . i realize this does not offer a solution to your problem 's symptoms , but it would solve your main problem by avoiding the inferior exchange app all together .
ok , this is not exactly what i was looking for , but it works . . . it is more like a preventive approach . so , my solution would was to install titanium backup ( which requires root access to work ) and backup all my apps . then , whenever i need more space , i just backup my apps before i go on . if i need them again , i can use titanium backup and restore . and this is why i consider it a preventive approach : it is all about regular backups . if anyone knows a better way to do this , please share = )
i use documento - office viewer to open xps files .
there is an app called ebookdroid
mupdf supports viewing xps and is free : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.artifex.mupdfdemo
i am looking for an xps reader too . two points . first , google docs viewer supports . xps files ( getting to know the google docs viewer ) but google docs mobile viewer does not , per my experience and this support page ( viewing files from within google docs ) . i spent time trying because this cached page ' s article title is google docs mobile viewer for android , iphone , ipad has been released and has this list of tags that made me think i would found a solution . article tags:xps android , xps viewer android , android xps , xps viewer for android , android xps viewer , android xps reader , xps reader android second , perhaps if enough people show interest there will be an xps viewer available from the android market . i added to the android market xps viewer feature request thread .
unfortunately , it does not look like there is support for reading xps documents on android products as of yet . but there are nice little utilities , like xps to image converter that will allow you to convert them to images or pdf files viewable on your android device .
did you remember to switch to swype from the default keyboard ? press and hold inside any text box ( like google search , for example ) . a pop-up should come up with one or more options . select the " input method " option and then select " swype " .
no idea about other apps but angry birds save data is stored to /data/data/com . rovio . angrybirds/files if you copy over the contents to a separate location , then re-install angry birds and move back the old save data into the same location after re-installing angry birds , you should have the same save state .
there could be various reasons for bootlooping like installing rom which has size larger than your phone 's hboot , or a bad rom .
even if you can not find a web browser with this functionality built in , it is something that would be easy to achieve by writing your own web page with a little javascript to cycle a frame between the pages you want to see ; or to add a split-screen with frames .
/data/system/dropbox is not part of " dropbox " it is part of the android os dropboxmanager ( not related at all to " dropbox" ) . this puts data from application crashes and kernel logs and such in this log directory . i know the market uses this directory ( see #4 ) as well , probably to report application crashes . you could probably remove the data in this directory , but do not delete the directory and you may see logcat errors from parts of the os/apps looking for specific files in this directory . edit : i deleted everything from this folder and rebooted my device afterwards , i had no issues with any applications , and it actually freed up some space on the device .
i finally gave up on the stock email client for android 4.0 because of this problem and others . now i use enhanced email and i love it . its screen-real-estate-efficient ui is based on the gingerbread client and the dev team is very responsive to user suggestions and feedback . and it does not kill battery life like touchdown .
the human users of the phone do not correspond to different linux users . the human users are identified only within android itself , not to apps . android provides a completely separate environment to the app for each user - a little like a linux chroot - so the app does not have to worry about separate users . when a new user runs the app , it just looks like a fresh install on a new device , because it is given a brand new data directory , separate from those it is given for other users .
if you do not want your users to download a player to show the videos , then you have no other choice but to create videos with the h . 264 baseline profile . this is because the stock android player does not support anything higher . ios on the other hand does support the main and high profile . while not listed in the ios specifications , the iphone 4s and upwards should support it . it could very well be that your samsung 's video app records high profile video and can also play it ( because samsung included a non-stock player* ) . in any case , converting to baseline profile would ensure that the video is playable on all devices . ffmpeg -i input.mp4 -c:v libx264 -profile:v baseline -pix_fmt yuv420p -crf 23 output.mp4  that should do it . you can change the crf parameter to change quality . check the x264 encoding guide for more . * disclaimer : i do not own a samsung android phone . no idea if they have a non-stock player .
as you are after a plain android &lt ; -> windows solution , apart from different hosted solutions , myphoneexplorer might also be worth consideration . afaik it can sync your android calender with different windows solutions , especially outlook , but imho also others . according to its description , this also includes – tada ! – even your favorite windows calendar : myphoneexplorer is a powerful phone management software for your desktop pc . some features : sync your phone with outlook , thunderbird , sunbird , lotus notes , tobit david , windows contacts , windows calendar , . . . manage your sms , calllists , apps , files , handle calls , create backups . . . connection via wifi , usb-cable or bluetooth . this is the client which is needed for phone , you will need also the desktop-software which can be downloaded at www.fjsoft.at. ( emphasis mine ) i think this will suit you best . myphoneexplorer is said to be a real good solution ( as a side-effect , it even helps you with backups , and other means of managing your android device ) . not being a windows user , i cannot speak from my own experience , though – but a playstore-rating of 4.6 with ~20k votes should mean something , too : )
you can use these 2 recovery softwares to recover data from a damaged partition table if this is the case : http://www.recovermyfiles.com/data-recovery-software-download.php http://www.piriform.com/recuva
maybe the media device ( mtp ) option is disabled . make sure that this is enabled , you would find this under the menu option " usb computer connection " in settings > device > storage . also make sure that " usb debugging " is disabled in settings > system > developer options .
two devices with similar names , like the sony xperia z and the sony xperia z1 , do not necessarily have the same kind of hardware . sometimes there are even devices sold under one model name , such as the samsung galaxy sii , where the variants available in different countries have completely different systems-on-ship ( socs ) and other different hardware . devices with different hardware need different drivers and c . and a lot of system integration work that can not be shared between the two . testing an unstable release to find the problems with it is very time-intensive , and of course can only be done on the exact hardware being targeted . since cyanogenmod is made by enthusiast developers , rather than by people who are paid to do it , support depends on having an interested community of people with the system integration knowledge needed , and enough such people having that particular phone to run and test the rom images . it may be that there is not much more work required to support your device , but the people who might be able to do that do not happen to have one . or it may be that none of the porters who have your device have enough free time right now to dedicate to testing and fixing roms . lots of volunteer projects like this are stopped when members have children or start new jobs . even if you do not have the necessary knowledge , there are other ways you can help get your device supported . you might be able to help by contributing some money to support the developers , devices so that more enthusiasts can spend time working on it , or by testing and reporting bugs to make the process faster . if you ask the cyanogenmod community how you can get involved and what would help , i am sure they had respond positively to that .
i am currently using screen filter . it reduces the brightness of your phone below the level of what android os provides . works for me and is a good battery saver . hope this helps .
seems your application points to the app location which was altered or moved with the update . to solve this , simply delete the existing shortcut icon ( by dragging it on to the bin icon which appears after a long press on the shortcut ) then create a new shortcut icon for the application through the customizing menu . ( which appear after a tap or with the press of menu button whipe you are in your home screen ) you may want to reboot the device beforehand .
this happened on my nexus - you just have to reboot your device , and the icon will show up . most likely niantic changed the launcher activity , so the short cut is no longer pointing to the correct activity , hence the error message . rebooting the device/restarting the launcher , and then re-adding the home screen shortcut will fix this .
it most certainly is not a hardware related issue . i would begin by rebooting the device .
your guess is wrong . anti-virus applications on android are completely unrelated . there are two ways that google finds and removes dodgy apps and malware from google play . reports by users every play store page has a " report " button . google investigates apps that are reported , whether that is for copyright or trademark issues , violating their policy about content ( e . g . pornography ) , for breaking their other policies ( e . g . invasive ads , interfering with other apps ) , or for being malware or scams . automatic scans google play now automatically scans apps that are added by developers , hoping to detect dodgy apps like these before they can hurt users or cause problems . for obvious reasons , google does not disclose details of what kind of scans they perform or how the technology works . if a user has a malware app and it is detected by an anti-virus program , the user might choose to report it to google play themselves ( if the malware came from there ) , but that is the only part that anti-virus apps on smartphones play in the process .
you can move apps that support it to that sd card , as that is the one used by android to install apps to . just go to settings apps and select the app , and then click the move to sd card button . if you want to move them all you must be rooted , and can use this app , which allows you to force apps to the ( internal ) sd card .
the best option you can use open the menu in play store and then go to settings and then mark the notification:notify me about updates to apps or games that i downloaded and then you will get the notification and update them whenever you want to . also unmark the auto-update apps so it will never update them automatically .
if you are asking about updating apps from the google play store , the latest version ( v3.10.9 as of this writing ) does not have an option for that . if you are talking about updating content within apps themselves , this depends on each app . most apps that connect to the internet to refresh their content have controls of some sort that allow you to specify the updating frequency based on time of day , and sometimes based on wifi state . it may be possible to implement refreshing based on charging state ( possibly might need root privileges ) , but that functionality is up to the developers .
there is no way to do this , except to only select to manually update apps , and them update them when you have your charger connected . there is no way to automatically restrict them .
these sites also proved quite helpful in learning to manually flash a rom to an android phone device , in case anyone ever has to that him or herself : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.com/wiki/nexus_s:_full_update_guide http://wiki.yobi.be/wiki/android#restoring_.28most_of.29_factory_rom_.282.3.3.29_with_fastboot the first is particularly useful for learning some critical " . /fastboot " syntax and the second one is primarily useful for learning that to flash a complete android system , you must , after backing up your old one , flash the system . img , recovery . img , and boot . img that are created from the android code buidling process . note : from my quest to learn how to do this , i learned there are actually many ways to actually flash to your phone ( including the solution presented by ce4 )
it is possible to inject your system . img into a previous nandroid backup done from clockworkmod and then restore that backup with the new system . img . prerequisites : installed clockworkmod recovery desired system . img saved onto sdcard do a fresh nandroid backup to install the new system . img : boot to recovery create a nandroid backup to let 's say /sdcard/clockworkmod/backup/ [ currenttimestamp ] / replace /sdcard/clockworkmod/backup/ [ currenttimestamp ] /system . img with your new one compute the md5sum of your new system . img update the md5sum in the system . img line in /sdcard/clockworkmod/backup/ [ currenttimestamp ] /nandroid . md5 file with the value from [ 4 . ] restore your altered backup if needed , do a wipe
your phone can have a lot of different ip 's on different interfaces but that one is not yours . it is internet gateway of your mobile operator . if i am wrong consider the point of describing to customers why they should pay for some pings or face the hell of icmp incapsulation of freebies masters .
either your phone silently drops pings , or the router it is behind , either your wifi router , or the 3g network 's router that nats your phone drops them .
i do not have a motorola atrix 2 at hand , but as far my memory goes , you can go past the " no sim/emergency dial only " screen if you boot the phone while holding the camera button pressed .
try putting the device in discovery mode before you sync it on your phone . i ran into the same issue and that is how i resolve it .
another way is , go to settings -> apps slide to " all " category and choose " bluetooth share " scroll down a bit , click " clear defaults " this way you can reset any " do not ask me again " or " use this as default " of any app .
not sure which task manager you are using -- but some devices/android versions distinguish running apps from services . on my droid2 running gingerbread , i find running apps at apps-> apps in the " running " tab , while services show up at apps-> active services . parts of google maps ( which is the navigation app you probably refer to ) are implemented as services , as e.g. the " location service " which keeps checking your gps or wifi based location in the background . i never used navigation itself , but i imagine this is handled similarly .
several apps are available on playstore for ram cleanup . the cleaner is one of them .
the files ( if they are considered as such ) to which logs are written by the device are not in /system but in /dev/log . these " files " are reset at every boot , so unless the device you have has a boot-time script that automatically saves logs to a file in , say , /sdcard , there is sadly no way to retrieve the logs you want while in recovery .
android 4.0+ officially supports bluetooth tethering in both directions ( and allows bridging to whatever the internet connection is ( wifi/usb/3g ) ) . you need : 1x device as tether host running android 4.0+ that has wifi/3g/usb internet 1x client device running android 4.0+ both devices are bluetooth paired enabled ' bluetooth tethering ' setting on the host device : settings => wireless and networks : more => tethering and portable hotspot => bluetooth tethering you then can connect to the tethering profile : settings => bluetooth => paired devices/gn => profiles/internet access the gnexus fulfills all of that , however your p1000 cannot officially upgraded to android 4.0 though , so you are out of luck or you have to install an aftermarket firmware ( e . g . cyanogenmod9 , which is based on android 4.0.4 )
not sure what you mean by " stock " , i have a t-mobile g2 , it has android 2.2 out of the box , and flash was pre-loaded . there is flash handling enabled in the browser and ( i presume ) in the youtube application .
you can download the flash player 10.1 app from the market or by going to http://adobe.com on your phone and clicking on the get adobe flash player button .
there are apps that let you look at the system log , like catlog . what i would do is start logging before you charge it at night and then take a look at the result in the morning . the log will probably be staggering but the errors should show up in red .
try to flash another firmware . find it here , it has flashing guides too . follow the instructions strictly tell us about your success or your failure : )
i do not think there is one i have not seen one however you might try a third party tablet maker some times they have some
from wikipedia stability improvements better camera performance smoother screen rotation improved phone number recognition
it is just a maintenance update for bug fixes . this is the best i can find : revision 3 ( march 2012 ) maintenance update . the system version is 4.0.4 . note : this system image includes support for emulator hardware graphics acceleration when used with sdk tools r17 or higher . ( more info ) http://developer.android.com/sdk/android-4.0.3.html unofficial change log revision change log and more details
save a copy of the original . apk file and keep it backed up . a bulletproof way to get cut off from google play 's update mechanism for that app is to re-sign it with a different key , then reinstall the newly signed apk file . google play ( maybe ) will still offer updates** for that app , but installing them will eventually fail because of the different signature . apktool will do it for you : zipsigner2 might also help you do it ( just found it on google play ) .
recent market updates did break the detach . a solution is to freeze market updater and then uninstall updates of market . if the original version of market in your rom is old enough , this will downgrade it to a version before the relevant update . whether this will eventually make things not work in market , i do not know yet .
i do not think you can do this with your stock player . after some digging i found a good app for you . it is called voice action music player see if this suits for you .
theres a torch app in the market that toggles on open . do you want a single button on home screen ? then you need to shortcut it . do you need it on your lock screen : swipe for widgets . do you need it on voice activation ? " ok google , open app flashlight/torch " do you want it on your shortcut bar ? drag it from programs . im not really sure what you want .
try adding it as a widget to your devices screen
are you using a case ? please do not block the upper part of the screen because the proximity sensor that turns the screen off when on call is located there . there is no option in settings because it is fully automatic
try installing the app powertutor , it is a power profiling application that can measure the amount of power that applications and other phone 's subsystem takes . install powertutor , let the profiler run , and use the phone/tablet normally for a few days . powertutor gives a much more detailed power profile than the built-in battery use . using powertutor , i found that the biggest battery sucker in my spica is the stock home app , pantheon ; i found a noticeable battery life improvement after replacing pantheon with launcher pro . the biggest drawback of powertutor is that , it is itself a power sucker , it is frequently showing itself as a top power hungry applications .
the key was to delete the telephony application . this tables has no phone . after deleting the following built-in applications , telephonyprovider and phone , a new icon appeared in the top box , it was a signal bar strength icon with an x in it . now the " cell standby " no longer appears , and the battery lasts 3-5 hours depending on what i am doing .
background to understand the issue , you will need a little background on how this works : for almost everything , android broadcasts " events " -- such as e.g. boot_completed , sms received , sd card inserted/removed , battery low . . . nfc signal received . apps can register so-called " listeners " with the system , which are bound to specified events . in your case , mentioned apps have registered for nfc events . now , when an event is broadcast , and there is no listener to it , nothing will happen . is it a single app that registered a listener , this app will be called . if multiple apps registered listeners , the system looks if one of them is set to " default " by the user ; if so , this one is called -- otherwise a popup appears fot the user to chose which app should handle the event . usually , this popup also holds a checkbox to make that app the default for this given event . solutions as said , usually there should be a checkbox -- which in your case does not seem to be the case . so it seems there is no possibility to define a default action for this event , whatever the reason . you could try apps from the playstore which do handle default apps ( e . g . default app manager ) -- but most likely this will not work either . a second point to look would be in settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps , pick the app of your choice , and see if it has the corresponding checkbox not grayed out -- if so , simply check it . most likely , this will be grayed out , so you cannot do anything here either . next step would require root -- so if your device is not rooted , it is purely informational to you . as described above in " background " , all related apps have a listener registered with the system . so we should be able to un-register it . this can be done e.g. with autorun manager pro ( yes , it will need the pro version -- as with the free you only can change 2 entries ) . as the screenshot shows , this app can enable/disable listeners , so you can avoid having apps started automatically in situations you rather do not want them . which would apply to yours : find the corresponding listener , disable it , fine . without root , the only remaining possibility is to get rid of all but one of the apps . you could uninstall the others , or , if you had rather keep them ( and you are running android 4.0 or higher ) , rather simply disable them in settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps , so when needed , you can simply re-activate them at the very same place .
you can adjust that in in-game options and if that does not work in settings in developer options there is something to adjust resolution ( at least on the galaxy anyway )
this is subjective my friends . . no exact answer . is definite answer . scenario 1 - you have a good wifi reception - phone dont have to try hard to fetch network , so battery life is longer . but if wifi is tough to connect then offcourse the phone needs to work hard . . so battery drain quicker . scenario 2 - you using data network , but in bad reception area then it would have same affect on your battery - drained faster . . in the end , depend on your area 's connection in order to have longer battery life . . who knows which connection is the best in tht particular area . just simple logic . no technical wonders can save your battery life i say . .
it depends on several things as matthew read mentions , the hardware , your location , and the other fiddly bits about actual communication are important to the discussion . but , you also need to consider what you are doing with the phone . are you retrieving largish amounts of data often ? if so , wifi may be less drain on the battery by letting you finish sooner - remember the screen drains power while you are waiting for 3g to finish what wifi may have finished much sooner . ( but that depends on what brightness level you have your phone set to . ) in short , set your phone up the way you like to use it , in the place you like to use it . then run the best test you can to see which uses more battery . keep everything as much the same during the tests as possible . ( know exactly which apps are running , plan what data to use , and time how long you use the data after it is retrieved . )
i can not remember where i read it but i read that 3g will use more power when transfering data but wifi will use more when idling . i tend to keep wifi on , but if i am running low on power i will turn it off to avoid the power requirements of scanning for new networks . also as others have posted , 2g will use less power than both unless you are downloading large files !
i never really did a precise comparative test but it is clear that wifi uses way less power than the 3g data connection . so i would recommend to use wifi whenever possible if the goal is to extend battery life . the only exception i would see is if you often use the phone but for a very short moment at a time , the delay it takes for the wifi to connect can be a hassle . in this case only i would deactivate the wifi .
if your phone will let you do it , use 2g . it uses less power than 3g or wifi . i believe it only works on gsm network phones .
in my experience ( htc hero and now htc desire hd ) , wifi uses way less power than 3g . my first port of call for power saving is to turn off 3g on my handset if i either do not need mobile data or there is wifi available .
while it was true in previous generations of phones that wifi used more power in idle , it is less true in later generations ( think htc desire z and up ) , with latests wifi chips . if you are using data , wifi is then preferable : uses less power , and can have more bandwidth and less latencies depending on the provider… although public hotspots tend to match latencies and bandwidth of 3g networks… ( on purpose ? )
the main battery drain happens when there is actual data transfer . since the speed of wifi is much faster compared to 3g , it uses less power to download the same amount of data since it finishes downloading faster . also the transmuting power of wifi is usually smaller than this of a 3g radio since the access point is much closer and the signal much stronger than the usual 3g tower . they tend to be less dense than 2g towers and the phone will need to transmit with more power in order to keep reasonable signal strength with 3g .
i can confirm the experiences of 3g using more power than wifi , and i do believe it is , in fact , stated by google somewhere in the android faq . the technical reason probably has to do with the fact that there is much more negotiation going on for 3g , where there could be many radio towers involved , and where they will actually instruct the phone to beef up transmission power if needed . also , it goes without saying , that there ought to be a difference considering wifi has a coverage area limited to some 20-100 meters depending on equipment and obstacles ; whereas 3g operates over a much longer distance up around several km . both operate within a fairly similar frequency band of 1.9ghz to 2.4ghz . in general , the higher the frequency , the more data can be transferred but it also takes more power to get a signal through obstacles . this is also why it is sometimes recommended to turn off 3g ( rely on only 2g ) in order to conserve battery , since 2g networks usually operate at a much lower frequency band around 800-1000mhz .
it depends . try with your particular phone . maybe download a large file and see how much the battery drains , then repeat for the other data type . factors include how many cell towers are nearby , how many packets your wifi drops , your specific chipset and radio hardware , software drivers , and the like .
take a look at the choosing your google number page in their help section . specifically , have a look at the " learn more about the difference between the two options " expandable link . the gist is that unless you have sprint , choosing to use your mobile number will simply allow you to port your mobile number and turn it into your gvoice number or continue using gvoice lite . this means you lose your mobile number for your cell plan , which is probably not what you want in most cases . if you have sprint then you can choose to have your gvoice number be a copy of your actual mobile number , allowing gvoice communication to essentially appear as though it originated from your mobile phone ( among other things , explained more at about google voice on sprint ) .
i do not know much about eclipse . but for your goal , it all depends on how the external stylesheets are defined . if they are using full-qualified urls ( e . g . http://www.example.com/example.css ) , there is no way you get them working offline . if they are using a relative path ( easiest : just their file name , residing in the same directory as the html file ) , you can simply copy them next/relative to your html files , and it should work . examples , assuming the html file is put to /sdcard/html/myfile.html: &lt;link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css"&gt;: simply copy style.css to /sdcard/html href="../style.css"&gt;: copy to /sdcard href="foo/bar/style.css": create /sdcard/html/foo/bar and place style.css there href="/style.css": sorry , nogo without root , as you cannot write to /
you need to open the html file on your browser , so that you can see the actual styling . you can also open a browser via eclipse . ps this really sounds like a dev-related issue . probably off-topic .
as for being hacked , it is possible , but there could be a simple explanation . when using mobile data , the actual interconnection point with the internet or the servers handling the ip address assignment may be in a different physical location than you , resulting in your connections showing from a completely different town . heck , with verizon , i would frequently get a different state . as for the login issue , have you tried logging in on a pc to verify and/or reset your password ? you need to isolate if it is the phone or the account first . if it is definitely the phone , you can try clearing app data for all the google apps ( it will wipe settings for those apps so you will need to reconfigure them later--data will be re-downloaded from google . also , though i have not seen any reports today , yesterday there were issues accessing some google services including logging in . just in case that is the issue .
pixel colors looks almost the same as pixelated on screens .
is colorised what you are looking for ? this is a demo , but there is also coloroid and color flood if you are still looking : )
usually the " status 7" error means that the update is designed for a different phone model ( could be a completely different phone , or just slightly different variant of the same device . ) this check is performed against the existing build.prop file that resides in /system partition . now since the file was missing due to you having formatted the phone , you are stuck in a " catch-22" situation . the work-around is to manually remove the above mentioned check . open the rom 's zip file in your favorite archive program ( winzip , 7-zip , etc . ) within the zip , navigate to META-INF\com\google\android\ folder , and extract only the file named " updater-script" . open this file in a text editor . it is important to use an advanced editor that will not modify the unix line endings on the file when you save it . notepad++ , programmer 's notepad , or ultraedit are good choices , while windows ' built-in notepad or wordpad are not recommended . in the updater-script file , delete the first statement that begins with " assert..." . this statement may span several lines , so delete all of them . e.g. for galaxy s3 it looks like so : assert ( getprop ( "ro . product . device" ) == " m0" || getprop ( "ro . build . product" ) == " m0" || getprop ( "ro . product . device" ) == " i9300" || getprop ( "ro . build . product" ) == " i9300" || getprop ( "ro . product . device" ) == " gt-i9300" || getprop ( "ro . build . product" ) == " gt-i9300" || abort ( "this package is for \"m0 , i9300 , gt-i9300\" devices ; this is a \"" + getprop ( "ro . product . device" ) + "\" . " ) ; ) ; add your edited updater-script file back into the zip file , overwriting the original in the same location . depending on the archiving software you are using , it may be as simple as dragging and dropping it in . now you should be able to flash the modified zip file without it erroring out for model number mismatch . note that these " assert " statements are there for your own protection . you should remove them only if you are absolutely certain that the zip file you downloaded matches your phone 's model number . flashing a rom made for a different phone ( even if it is just a slightly different variant such as at and t galaxy s3 vs . verizon galaxy s3 ) may render your phone inoperable .
the problem that i have faced was caused by trying to install update of android 4.4.2 for my galaxy s3 while the update requires the previous version which is mk3 ( android 4.3 ) . as i mentioned in the question , i have formatted and deleted the whole system that is why status 7 error showed up because "system/build.prop" was already deleted . the only possible solution i made was downloading and flashing the stock rom from the official site using od3n software .
i use the built-in mp3 player ( samsung galaxy s2 ) . i went into playlists > right button > delete > select all > delete . whatever the playlists were there , they will get deleted
long tapping on a playlist brings an option to delete . looks like you do not want to use it because you have gazillions of playlists . so , do this : simply , clear data of winamp from Settings ~> Applications ~> Manage Applications . it'll make your winamp install fresh like when it was installed . the only thumbs down thing is that settings of winamp will be reset to default and you will need to re-configure them , but its not a big thing . update : after some brainstorming , i found that winamp stores playlists in a database externally . on my smartphone its : /data/data/com.android.providers.media/databases/external-xxxxxxx.db where xxxxxxx are numbers which are different on two devices i checked . use root explorer to delete this database after mounting /data partition with r/w access ( root access is required ) .
if it cannot be done with native support ( as described by bassmadrigal ) , there are several 3rd-party solutions available . take a look at e.g. slider widget - volumes , which seems a solution you might love : slider widget , second screenshot with open slider ( source : google play ; click images to enlarge ) as the screenshots show , it gives you a widget bar with " buttons " for all the different volumes your device supports . tap the corresponding item once to bring up the slider . or double-tap to toggle ( "that is my favorite song -- no phone calls or notifications now , please ! : ) " ) . the playstore offers a lot of similar things , just check it for volume widget if this approach seems useful to you .
when an app is playing sound , android will only adjust the volume for what is actively playing the sound ( in this case the media volume ) . you can manually adjust your sound volume under settings -> sound -> volume if your rom supports it , you may be able to enable expanded mode for volume under settings -> sound -> volume panel style -> expandable . this will give you a button to the right of the onscreen volume indicator ( when you press the volume buttons ) . press that and it will show all the adjustable volume levels and you can change it through there .
it sounds like your hunch is correct - it is basically a small process monitor . go to settings -> developer options and uncheck the setting labelled " show cpu usage " to disable it .
the best option would be to tweak the low memory killer 's minfree parameters . some background : the low memory killer is the mainstay of android memory management . it is a more elegant approach than the linux oomkiller and it works proactively to maintain the free pool rather than only kicking in when you are completely out of free memory . it separates apps into several categories for killing if the free memory pool gets below certain points . they are generally in the following order , from first-to-die to last : empty_app - these are apps that are not doing anything , nor waiting to do anything . they are just sitting around in memory . content_provider - these are background apps that content to active apps ( e . g . the play store uses one to check for updates periodically . htc facebook sync is another common example ) . hidden_app - these are sitting in the background , not doing anything , but are still alive and possibly waiting for something . secondary_server - a server running in the background to provide services for a currently running app . visible_app - this is an application that is in the background , but it is presently doing something . foreground_app - this is what is presently running and on-screen . if the free memory pool drops below a certain amount ( e . g . 80mb is the default on my gs3 ) , the system will first start killing off anything listed as an empty app until the pool is back above that line . if after it kills off all the empty apps the memory is still below the next line ( e . g . 64mb ) , it'll start on the content providers , and so on , until eventually if only the foreground app is taking up all the memory ( on my gs3 , if everything except the foreground app has been killed and there is still less than 32mb of memory free ) and threatening the system , it'll get killed off eventually . coming back to your actual question , what we want to do is adjust these values down , so the killer will kick in later and hopefully not kill the browser when you are still wanting it open . the app minfreemanager will allow you to adjust these values . alternatively , they can be edited directly in /sys/module/lowmemorykiller/parameters/minfree where the parameters are in pages ( 4 kilobytes , so a value of 8192 means 32mb as ( ( 8192*4 ) /1024=32mb ) , and listed in reverse order from what i listed above . both of these will require root . if you do not have root , there is basically nothing we can do to help . in your case , the hidden_app parameter ( 4th item in the minfree file ) is probably what we need to change . for example , this parameter is by default 56mb on my gs3 . cutting this in half to 28m or using the mild preset in minfreemanager would be a good starting point for tweaking .
presumably , the device is using wifi to access the internet - it might be worth a shot to try this : settings > wifi hit on menu to bring up advanced tap on that menu option keep wifi on during sleep , check that , make sure its set to never in that way when the device goes to sleep , wifi is still active and running and the web app should still work and when a new job arrives we are notified with an audible alert edit the above answer is not the correct answer , rather from the comments below , this is definitely the one , in which i quote , . maybe , the approach to managing the jobs is done the wrong way , especially in context of android - a custom app that has a service using a partial wake-lock to " ping " checking on jobs , send an event to the app and the app wakes up . imho , a browser is not the right tool for the requirements in your case . in short , there is nothing that can be done to keep the web-browser " alive " while the device is sleeping , as android , behind the scenes , when the kernel is not in sleep state , is tracking what apps are running , and depending on power and memory constraints , especially in the case of a web-browser page , ( if it has a lot of styles , the more elaborate the page , the more resources hogged up as a result , especially if it has a lot of javascript behind the page ) this could be the job for the kernel to shoot it down and eject it from memory hence not reliable route to take . tl ; dr : a proper application instead of just web-browser will resolve the op 's problem . off-topic : there was a piece covered by the technology section under the bbc news in respect to mobile web browsing and how it can affect the battery due to the way web pages are designed , rather , they were designed incorrectly for the mobile platform , too much styles , too much scripting , not to mention flash as well , they all had adverse affect on how android displays/renders the page which in turn meant a lot of cpu cycles consumed to do just that .
use android-vnc-viewer to mirror the desktop pc screen , and control the desktop i had another question on android[dot]stackexchange.com: ( in using a vnc to control a computer , is it possible to have the cursor go to where you touch ? - android [ dot ] stackexchange [ dot ] com/questions/34668/in-using-a-vnc-to-control-a-computer-is-it-possible-to-have-the-cursor-go-to-wh ) in the question , i included a video : remote control of ubuntu with android-vnc-viewer - www.youtube.com/watch?v=stkx6qmbgck#t=0m30s android-vnc-viewer “see and control your computer 's desktop from your phone , from anywhere . androidvnc is the open source ( gpl ) remote desktop program for android devices . connects to most vnc servers : incl tightvnc , realvnc on win and linux , x11vnc , and apple remote desktop on os/x . ” . in the video , i do not know the input mode that is being demonstrated at 0:30 , but it looks like the mouse cursor goes to where he touches . http://code.google.com/p/android-vnc-viewer/ i am guessing that the input mode in the video was either : touch mouse pan and zoom this is the default input mode and is designed to work like the android browser . you can both pan the display and control the mouse using the touchscreen and gestures . you pan by dragging or flicking on the touchscreen ; you click the mouse by tapping on it . you right-click by double-tapping ( or by holding down the camera button while tapping ) . you drag the mouse by doing a long press on the display , and then dragging . in this mode the trackball or dpad ( if your phone has one ) can also be used to control the mouse ; this may give you finer control . you can zoom the screen size with the +/- buttons , or , if your device supports multi-touch and has android 2.0+ , you can pinch to zoom out and spread to zoom in . or : mouse control mode in this mode , use the touchscreen to control the mouse . touching the screen generates a mouse click at that point ; dragging on the screen creates a mouse drag . keyboard events are sent as normal . the trackball is used to send arrow-key events to the vnc server . pressing the trackball toggles between mouse pointer control and desktop panning modes . port forwarding if the pc you are connecting to accesses the internet through a router , this will be the wan address assigned to the router by your isp ; you will also need to forward the vnc port ( 5900 ) from the router to your pc ( exactly how you do this depends on the details of your router , so i can not give more explicit instructions here ) . hacker 's keyboard - use a full soft keyboard on android from what i have read , the stock android keyboard does not have buttons such as ctrl , alt , esc , arrow keys , home , end , and delete . you can use the free , open source , app call hacker 's keyboard to gain access to the buttons of a full keyboard : “are you missing the key layout you are used to from your computer ? this keyboard has separate number keys , punctuation in the usual places , and arrow keys . it is based on the aosp gingerbread soft keyboard , so it supports multitouch for the modifier keys . this keyboard is especially useful if you use connectbot for ssh access . it provides working tab/ctrl/esc keys , and the arrow keys are essential for devices such as the xoom tablet or nexus s that do not have a trackball or d-pad . ” http://code[dot]google[dot]com/p/hackerskeyboard/ a patch that allows android-vnc-viewer to recognize all the keys of hacker 's keyboard in “frequently asked questions” of hacker 's keyboard , there is a section called “android vnc viewer does not recognize the extra keys” . it directs you to an issue called “issue 238: support additional keys , fix modifier handling” ( code [ dot ] google [ dot ] com/p/android-vnc-viewer/issues/detail ? id=238 ) . the patch there will make it so that android vnc viewer recognizes buttons of a full keyboard . update : bvnc bvnc is a secure , open source vnc client . tested with hackerskeyboard . using it is recommended ( get hackers keyboard from google play ) . play [ dot ] google [ dot ] com/store/apps/details ? id=com . iiordanov . freebvnc and hl=en github [ dot ] com/iiordanov/bvnc update 2: jump desktop vnc i currently and personally use jump desktop vnc because the “bring-out-the-keyboard” is close , and easily reachable . with bvnc , i have to tap near the middle of the screen , and then i press a keyboard button on the right to bring out the keyboard . jump desktop vnc also lets you use a google account , so you don’t have to deal with addresses .
i think you found a solution to your source problem . however your question went unanswered . the information in the battery usage screen is found in /data/system/batterystats.bin https://plus.google.com/u/0/105051985738280261832/posts/fv3lvtdvxpt
if sheharyars answer does not work out : boot to recovery-menu . how to do it depends on your device , which you did not specify ; usually it is done by powering it off , then holding the vol down and power buttons at the same time for a couple of seconds , until the recovery menu appears . in the recovery menu , select factory-reset ( sometimes labeled " reset to factory defaults " or similar ) . this will wipe all user data ( including settings and the apps you have installed ) from the device , and thus also your preferences for the lock .
i am not sure i understand you correctly , but i assume that you have accidentally locked your phone using the Android Device Manager . i suggest you try these steps : open android device manager website . login to the same google account set up on your locked device . select your locked device on the website . explore the ' device lock ' options and unlock from there .
it is now the case that all developers can reply to reviews on their apps . the reply shows up publicly next to the review , and by default , the user who left the review gets notified by email ( but users can turn off being notified in the settings on the web ) . there can only be one reply per review . the reviewer can only respond by editing their review , and the developer is not notified when this occurs . it is still not helpful to use reviews for reporting problems with the app , because solving them generally needs several messages back and forth to narrow down the problem , and sometimes needs the user to tell the developer how they were using the app or what they wanted to achieve : something you might not want made public .
android does not support dolby ( digital ) / dts dont compare beats with dolby / dts beats is just an equalizer software layer in between your mixer in android it doesnt encode audio streams from applications , applications have to have build in support for that for music dolby playback its useless , for video playback it is impossible since android needs to have encoder support in the kernel itself then the application for playback needs to support it dolby digital is not giving licence to android platform , they are very picky ipad and macs have encoder support and licence for it for example cinexplayer for ios has exellent support for dolby/dts cinexplayer has also an android app , but no dolby/dts support duo android limitations i am android developer and tried all sorts of things by using code hacks in custom roms to get some kind of dolby playback if the music/video app doesnt support build in dolby/dts then obviously you cannot encode the audio stream for dolby/dts so it doesnt matter even if you have support in the kernel and beats audio and all that crap
though i found no concrete specs saying all ( or which ) android devices might ( or might not ) support it , there are strong indications that it is possible ( and at least partly supported ) : jabra advertizes its app for dolby sound . no explicit mention of " dolby digital , though . xda has a thread titled beats audio with dolby digital advanced audio ; as you can see , this explicitly mentions " dolby digital " . as this discusses an android app , this pre-supposes the technical possibility . androidayuda . com has a spanish article on this topic , which also implicates the availability there are about 5 million hits for a google search on ' android " dolby digital"' , which you might want to check some more from . the few i have picked did not state any restrictions as to the device ( though there are probably some , for what use does the support make if you have no appropriate output , such as hdmi ) . but it is clear that the android os is no hindrance to it . tl ; dr : android itself can obviously deal with it , if the device supports it .
verified that this bug does indeed exist on the razr maxx hd ( running 4.1.1 )
it primarily means that the boot loader is unlocked so it is much easier to upload rom 's for testing . additionally the default installation will be the original aosp version of the code and include root access to the phone 's software . it does not mean that the hardware is a " test " model . it is a fully developed phone . what it does not have is more important than what it does have . what it does not have is the additional locks and proprietary junk that a carrier modified phone normally has .
it does mean that you will have a stock aosp android on it , and you will not have to do any tricks to get root access on your phone .
you can use an alternate dialing app like dialer one or gocontacts . what you are looking for is a t9 dialer .
have froyo here running on samsung europa , latest version on this is , 4.1.6 . perhaps you need to let the old market run for a bit , then back out of it , it should auto-upgrade itself , provided you have a valid account and signed in .
it is not a built-in feature on nexus devices , but samsung devices have this in the accessibility settings . inverting all colours is not much use , as some apps have light text on a dark background , and some apps have dark text on a light background . making text easier to read is better achieved by increasing the text size , which is an option on all android devices ( also in the accessibility settings ) .
gtalksms is worth a look ( not http but does also what you want , even easier accessible ) . it is an open source xmpp bot ( google code project ) that you can add to your google talk friends list or communicate to with any xmpp client . you need to find a suitable commandline/scriptable xmpp client for your solution yourself however ( as the ' curl ' replacement in your question ) , not sure what you like to use . here 's an excerpt from the feature wiki on its google code project page : further commands send and receive files to/from the phone : " send " , " ls " enable disable bluetooth : " bluetooth " [ . . . ] take a photo and send it via xmpp : " photo " [ . . . ] geolocalize your phone - it will send you google maps links : " where " [ . . . ] get help , using " help:all "
the best solution if you are willing to write code is sl4a . this will give you the most flexibility . you could use the python module with a lightweight web framework ( like : bottle . py ) or your favorite scripting language . as a side note , get requests should not change state . also make sure you implement some sort of security as this would make it possible for anyone to control your phone remotely .
apparently , in the sdk the 7" form factor has the phone layout and tablet apps . the 10" form factor will still be tablet layout and tablet apps . i also heard that in 4.1 they expanded the functionality of the notification area so that notifications can do more ( e . g . reply to sms from notification area ) . i do not know how true that is though .
when talking about gaining root for a given device , it usually means obtaining it for the first time by developers . there are generally two ways of doing this . you can either find a software vulnerability that can be exploited to elevate permissions and sneak in the su ( superuser ) binary into write-protected system area , or you can flash an image of the device with root already in place . needless to say , exploiting vulnerabilities is a lot more difficult . this is where fastboot comes in . on some devices ( mostly htc and motorola ) fastboot is a special start-up mode that allows you to flash pre-made images onto various internal memory partitions . it is similar to samsung 's " download " mode , except instead of proprietary software like kies or odin ( and heimdall ) , it uses the fastboot utility that comes standard with android sdk . however , flashing can be , and usually is , restricted by device manufacturers to only images signed by the manufacturer themselves ( or the carriers ) . this is what is referred to as bootloader locking . most new phones ship with locked bootloaders , which makes it impossible to flash custom roms . you are back to having to root via the other , more difficult method . nexus devices come with unlockable bootloaders , so that you can flash roms easily and without restrictions . unlocking a bootloader of a nexus device is very easy as well . a pre-rooted image usually surfaces very quickly for these devices after they are released . it is worth noting that with android 4.3 ( jelly bean ) and even more so with 4.4 ( kitkat ) google has changed some low level os security policies , which renders old rooting methods obsolete . unlocking the bootloader and flashing a modified image of the os that circumvents these new policies will soon become the only way to really achieve root . you can read more about this here .
screen filter changes brightness below what is possible using auto or manual settings . it works on android 4.4 . great for bed time reading . correction - ( and contrary to the down vote ) it does let you set the auto brightness level to a level below what it normally would be - without rooting . i just tested it .
it is perfectly possible or you can use one of existing solutions on google play ( for example lux ) edit : ofc it works with 4.4 , using it myself .
neither of the system-e-mails apps ( e-mail and gmail ) on my nexus4 is able to accomplish that task - very annoying indeed . so the basic answer is propably : you can not . but there are mail-apps capable of doing so . one of it is k9-mail .
i remember this being asked before this should do
the verizon network uses a technology called cdma2000 , or cdma for short . there are different types of cdma2000 connections . the first is 1x , or 1xrtt , which has a potential throughput of 153kbps , but will likely be lower depending on signal strength . when '1x ' is displayed in the status bar , this is the connection type your device has . cdma2000 1xev-do , or ev-do for short , uses multiplexing to increase throughput . the rev . a version of the ev-do standard has a potential throughput of around 3.1mbps . this is the connection type when 3g is displayed in the status bar . verizon is in the process of rolling out a technology called lte which the carrier will market as their 4g service . this new technology will allow much higher throughput ( estimated 12mbps at launch with the specification capable of delivering rates as high as 50-100mbps ) .
currently this functionality does not seem to be possible using voice search . there is a free app in the market called navigationpro which is a little funky to figure out at first . it allows you to save locations and name them in the app . you can then enable the feature in the preferences for the app so that whenever you run the app it automatically prompts you for a name you can speak . once it recognizes the name it automatically goes to google maps and starts navigation for the address .
try starring a place in google maps . sometimes when you say the name of a starred place it will work . however , it can be a bit patchy at times .
this is one of the reasons mtp was introduced for : independency of the file system format used " behind it " . you can compare it to using " standard sql " to retrieve data from a database via an odbc driver : your application does not need to know whether there is a mysql , oracle , postgresql , or whatever database behind it . as long as it sticks to standard sql commands , it simply works . similar issue with mtp . other than with using ums , your computer does not access the file-system directly , but uses a kind of " command layer " . on the android device , mtp then plays the role of our above odbc driver , translating everything to the underlying file system . so as long as your computer knows how to deal with mtp , you do not have to even think about what file system is used . it should simply work . but on the other hand , mtp has proven tricky sometimes : it requires extra drivers on windows , and does not work out of the box on macos or linux systems ( also extra installs and adjustments required here ) . so there are alternatives you might wish to take a look at for file transfer , such as using apps like airdroid , ftpserver , davdrive , or similar .
people who designed mtp and those file formats had in mind that in the future , it woudnt be cheapsakes like me with a android device . i mean windows xp and no sd card im a cheapsake indeed . answer to my question is using the wifi transfer app from the playstore . then using this method refered here do you know an app that can split files on the computer and then assemble them on android device ? . now i will be able to transfer whatever i want on my android kocaso tablet .
it might be worthwhile to invest in a charge only cable . i use one for my tablet at home and in my car . the quality of the usb cable will also make a difference . cables do go bad . it sounds like you have ruled out all the other options so this might be worth trying .
i just checked charging details of my phone through this app : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.playfulgeeks.chargingreport
take a tooth brush and clean off the battery connector points in the battery casing of your phone .
charging is a simple process and can be represented by the below ( simplified ) equation : rate of charge = rate of electricity flow - rate of depletion to maximize the rate at which your phone charges at , you want to reduce the rate it is using up your battery as far as possible , and increase the speed at which current is flowing into your phone as much as possible . reducing battery usage this is pretty standard stuff , turn off all unnecessary toggles and apps . disable wifi , bluetooth , gps , and any constantly running apps . if you happen to be charging your phone in an area with poor or no cellular signal , the constant searching for mobile networks could be a significant contributing factor . go to settings-> battery usage ( or something similar , i do not own a samsung device so i can not be sure ) , and look at what is using up your battery . if possible , consider turning on airplane mode , or even turning your phone off completely to minimise battery usage . increasing speed of current flow look at the thing you are plugging your usb cable into . if you are charging it via your computer , chances are the current flow is around 1a or lower . that is okay , but not great . look around your house , or see if you can get your hands on a tablet charger . those often provide current at 1.5a or even 2a at times . that is twice the speed of a 1a charger . also , look at where you are plugging your charger into . if the socket is already heavily overloaded , consider plugging it in somewhere else , for safety 's sake at least still very slow . . . if at this stage , it is still charging very slowly , your battery may be the issue . since it seems to work fine in your friend 's phone , it may simply be your phone providing inaccurate information . try calibrating your phone 's battery and see if that helps .
using a 5v-2a charger will reduce the charging time . it works for me .
when i choose one mail source - instead of the " combined view " - the folders menu option shows all the other folders . guess the " combined view " shows only a smaller common ( sub ) folder list .
click on the inbox and a drop down box will appear with all your folders
i just had the same problem and i found a way of seeing the subfolders on my galaxy . on the pc , open your inbox and create a new subfolder ( eg foo ) . on your phone , open email and open your inbox . in options , select ' folders ' . you will see your inbox with a small green arrow icon . click the icon ( not the inbox title ) and your folder list will expand . note that this only worked for me after i had created the extra dummy folder . before i created the folder , i could see the green icon , but it would not expand the list of subfolders .
what i did is to go to the inbox , click the option , then folders , and click in the inbox icon ( the folder drawing , not the inbox word ) , and it showed the sub-folders .
you can click your inbox to show the folders and also change sync options by long pressing each folder in the default ics mail client .
first , try to contact google and/or lg . if they determine that warranty does not cover this , their own repair service might not be as expensive , compared to buying the parts and swapping the screen on your own . if you are not comfortable with taking apart and putting back together small electronics , i would advise against doing it yourself , as you may end up accidentally damaging the replacement parts , thus wasting your money . see if there are any local electronics repair shops that can do it for you instead . they may cost slightly more , but at least they will have more experience with phones . if you do decide to go the do-it-yourself route , there are many guides and walk-through videos available with a simple google search . the parts themselves are also easily found using google . keep in mind that depending on the damage , you may need to buy the lcd with digitizer combination , as opposed to only the glass panel .
if you open a file as context . mode_private , then the file is created in /data/data/app_packagename and is only accessible to your app . you can see the permission and owner of these files in command line . adb shell ls -al drwxr-x--x 1 app_28 app_28 2048 Dec 6 2011 com.android.mms  but files in sdcard is public to all user , so you cannot find out which folder belong to which app . files saved to the external storage are world-readable and can be modified by the user when they enable usb mass storage to transfer files on a computer . see this link for details .
i thought that i may get some answers here , as it is , after many hours searching and trying various apps out , i have found a few apps that provide solutions myself , the best two of which i will list below . i was looking for an app to show " call " and " sms " " history"/"logs " , so using these search terms i found many , the best stand alone one i found is called " my log " from " intangible solutions " which is able to search and list all calls and sms for any given number or multiple numbers in a very clear and easy to read format . the drawbacks is that it is heavily add supported and takes a little while to specify all the contact 's numbers , as you have to select them one at a time , having said this , the results are brilliant . the other i found via an associated app call " call log+" which i tried and initially dismissed as it only gave me call log similar to the one found in the standard " phone " dialler , however i later went back to it is associated app " contacts+" , which includes " call log+" , " messages+" and " dialler+" , and then also installed " merge+" , " emoji for conacts+" and the " contacts+ widget " to get the full collection , which can replace the standard " phone " , " contacts " and " messaging " functions with much better versions , that do far more . the " contacts+" , which includes " call log+" does everything i wanted , in that i can instantly see a call log for any contact . the fact that " contacts+" does a whole lot more beyond this is also fantastic , but it does exactly what i wanted , so job done . i hope this may help others looking for the same missing ( removed ) feature , which because of how i use my phone , i would find hard to live without .
ok , so after some extensive troubleshooting i found the issue , long story short , you need to have the snapper application installed . snapper application the issue was confirmed to be the combination of the snapper sim and no application when the sim was switched with a different network , non-snapper sim , the phone started working correctly . next the sim was put in a different network , vanilla htc one x , the exact same symptoms occurred . leading me to the conclusion that it was the difference in the sim crashing the process . after installing the snapper application the process instantly stopped crashing .
charging my samsung galaxy note 1 ( gt-n7000 ) since 2 months with my nexus 7 charger without problems . the nexus 7 charger provides enough output and the phone manages this . but vice versa : most phone chargers have less output ( 1a ) so it needs longer to charge your nexus 7 tablet .
in short : yes , you can use your nexus7 charger to charge your android phone . if the connectors are compatible , it will work without problems . i always use a single 2a usb charger for every phone , tablet and ereader that i have at home , and also for the raspberry pi .
that is decided by google , more precisely by the google play team . google today announced editor 's choice for android market , aimed to help you find the best applications on the android market . google 's also going to begin awarding the " top developer badge " to help show users who are the best , and most trustworthy apps . for consumers , it is a way to help find new apps . for developers , it is another way of promotion and to monetize .
the missing piece of information is that play music ( and most other music apps ) do not go round looking for music files . it would be a waste of battery if every app had to scan the storage for files ! instead , there is one built-in app , the media-scanner , that looks for music files and makes a database of their metadata : that is , the app reads the id3 tags from each file and stores the track name , artist , album and so on . any app on the device can access this database to find music files . ( it works the same way for videos and pictures . ) the app has to know to update this database , so when an app downloads new files , it has to tell this media scanner the new files are there . obviously btsync is not doing this . on older android versions it used to be possible for an app to just tell the media scanner to scan everything . this was a useful workaround for when apps like btsync did not do their duty , but it also meant some lazy app authors did this instead of telling the media scanner what files to scan , wasting the battery . for this reason , it is not possible to do this on android 4.4 . in the first instance , you should ask btsync 's author to tell the media scanner when it downloads a file . then there will not be any problem at all . until they fix their app , you should try one of the workarounds in this question .
it is a stupid setting of galaxy s sms ' app . to resolve this you have to replace the mms . apk into /system/app with that attached in this thread of xda forum http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=891667highlight=mod+sms if you look all the thread , you can also find the complete installation guide !
there is an app called sms timestamper that appends the received time to incoming text messages . worth mentioning for those not comfortable with fiddling with the os 's internals , or those unsure if it would work on their version of the firmware . i am on jpo so i did not want to chance it .
if your samsung lcd tv does not have dlna certified software or its not a dlna certified device , you will need allshare dongle . check your tv 's manual . if your tv is dlna certified , look its menu to use it . dlna was designed for simplicity . its truly plug-n-play . to use it , first connect both devices with same wi-fi network . make one device server and other one client . done !
first , i would start by ensuring that the apn settings are correct . a different sim card from another carrier could have overwritten them . you can access these by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Wireless &amp; networks -&gt; Mobile networks -&gt; Access Point Names and then tapping on the selected one to edit it . the correct settings are sometimes listed on your carrier 's website . at worst you may need to call their support line . while you are there , make sure under " network operators " option your provider is selected . after making the changes toggle the airplane mode on and off to re-connect to the mobile network . try dialing the following number in the dialer app : *#*#2432546#*#* ( spells out " checkin " between the stars and pounds ) and see what it comes back with .
you can read here . i think it is useful for you .
have you tried this guide from rootgalaxynote ? this answer is pending an edit . site is currently blocked at my location .
if the displayed detailed would be complete , you had be correct : 1.28g + 7.28g + 200k + 282m + 762m = 9.6 gb total space -- while the summary says 13.24g . explanation is easy : the details list is not complete . it e.g. misses cache , temporary files , log files , tombstones , and probably some more . where to find those ? in the file system , and for completeness this requires root . for some more details , please take a look at corresponding questions by following the tags internal-memory and storage . a good source to start with is the question something is secretly eating up my tablet memory and i need help finding it .
from your contact list , select the facebook contact that you would like to edit . click the menu button and choose edit contact . you will see an indication that the user is a facebook contact and may not be edited . now click the menu button again and choose new contact . this will create a new contact in your address book and merge the facebook profile information with that contact . you may now edit the contact to have additional details , such as a phone number .
depending on the set up of your profile use the following : in the task step add the if statement : %CNUM ~ 9*/8* this means that the step will be executed only for number starting with 9 or 8 . alternatively , set up the whole profile to only activate if the caller 's number starts with 8 or 9 . in event ( like incoming call ) settings : caller ( normally says optional ) specify 9*/8* this means the profile will be only activated if the number starts with 9 or 8 . hopefully , this will work for you . for more info see : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/userguide/en/matching.html
try solcalendar . it worked for my droid phone .
use jorte calendar on your android . it will sync with yahoo calendar . play store links : jorte calendar jorte sync
there are several ways you could use to sync your yahoo ! calendar with your android device . using a CSV file . you can export your yahoo calendar to a csv file and import it into your google calendar . this method is somewhat manual and you will have to do this each time you create an event in your yahoo calendar . more details use yahoo ! app for android you can use the official app for android developed by yahoo inc . to access your yahoo calendar as well as your mail , news , im , videos and more . download from the play store use third party apps to calendar syncing there are many apps in tur play store which can be used to do this . calcsync is an app which syncs yahoo caoendar with the stock calendar .
i just downloaded caldav-sync beta and it took some fooling around , but seems to be working now .
i had the same issue , however , i use yahoos webhosting for my own domain . you can not sync , nor view domains the mobile site or app . i actually had to move to googles calendar . bad thing is reminders only show up in your google email . so i had to set a email filter in gmail that will forward all google calendar email reminders to my other domain . this is working but a pain to set up .
i use a calendar app called acalendar and sync it to my yahoo calendar with another app called smoothsync . you have to set up both apps once , but then smoothsync runs in the background and syncs acalendar ( or the native calendar app ) with yahoo . it has worked very well for me .
you can silence the call without rejecting it by pressing and/or holding the physical volume down button . note that some phones accept a single momentary press , whilst others require you to hold the button for a moment or two . it seems samsungs tend to fall into the latter group .
enhanced email claims to support outgoing html emails .
the reason for the bluetooth icon being disabled is that you have not paired the phone with a device that supports the headset profile . bluetooth uses profiles to categorize which services a device supports , and macs do not support acting as a headset , only connecting to a headset ( see list of supported profiles ) . to use this functionality , you had need additional software which enables the mac to act as a headset and connect to a headset gateway ( which your phone most likely supports ) .
the issue is not with your device but with the wireless provider . that is the typical behavior when connecting to a defective hotspot , either over capacity or just a tad too far for a reliable connection . . . sadly there is nothing you can do about it . it happens a lot to bt hotspots in the uk , in london most of them are overloaded during working hours .
offline browser app sounds exactly like what you are looking for . you can specify a list of web pages to download for offline reading , along with a per-page configurable link depth ( so that it does not just pull down the home page . )
its too late , but might help somebody landing on this page . i using android paperspan app for this and it downloads original whole page ( no article/pdf ) . so can click on a link from offline page if internet is back . to read them on computer , i copy from phone to computer , then can read as any saved web page . hope this helps .
yes , you can , as long as your phone has an option called “unknown sources " under the option " applications " of the " settings” and the option is marked . go to the application launcher , click on settings then on applications and then check the option " unknown sources " to activate this functionality . if your phone does not have this option , then you can not install applications from outside the market .
i do not own a samsung galaxy s , and certainly not a user of at and t , but on my samsung spica ( samdroid mod ) , if i dropped an . apk file in /data/app/ or /system/app ( warning : you need to be rooted to write to these locations , so you will need terminal emulator or root explorer ) android will immediately recognize and install the apk . assuming at and t has not blocked this method of side-loading , then it probably will work on sgs as well .
how was the package installer " stripped out " ? on my galaxy s , you can just use a file manager and click the . apk file , and you will be prompted to install . do you not have the unknown sources option checked in Settings -&gt; Applications ?
if the app you want is in the market but blocked by at and t , you can do this : turn off your phone . pop out the sim card . turn your phone back on and connect to a wi-fi network . open the android market , search for , and install the previously carrier-blocked app . turn off your phone . pop the sim card back in . turn your phone back on . enjoy ! ( source : http://lifehacker.com/#!5758134/how-to-easily-install-carrier+blocked-apps-like-pdanet-from-the-android-market )
no , on stock at and t rom you cannot install applications from unknown sources . you have to root your phone , and install a 3rd party rom . this is because at and t removed the " allow unknown sources " option in the settings . the only way around this is to install a rom that allows unknown sources . ( or you can use adb as you mentioned in your original question )
turns out i was right to suspect that this has been done before . the fix i was looking for was super one click . it has a fix to allow non market apps . i think what it does is to change the config file that the settings dialog ( "allow non market apps" ) normally sets . my guess its that at and t just took out the ui for the option . anyway , works perfectly and i strongly recommend it for anybody stuck under at and t 's thumb !
if you are running a stock rom , i suggest you root the phone ( the warranty 's way gone ) and upgrade it to cyanogenmod 4 ( android 1.6 ) or cyanogenmod 6 ( android 2.2 ) . battery life is very good on 4 ; 6 is more recent version of android -- however there are some additional hoops to jump through to get it installed . the first step in most dream rooting instructions is to downgrade it to a vulnerable version , so you will lose data stored on the phone . you might have luck with one of the " one-click root " programs but if you can not kill the " power options " dialog every few seconds , you may just need to flash it with the rc29 dreaimg . nbh .
disabling fast boot may resolv the problem as it did for my brotrher
you google apps will work exactly the same as before ; either they will be prepackaged with cm or you will download an update pack that will install them for you . battery/radio/gps issues are mostly related to specific hardware . you had have to check the cm forums and wiki for your phone model to answer that one . compatibility is an issue for some apps , but in the vast majority of cases the answer to this will be no ( and in fact , some apps are compatible with cm but not with stock roms ) . you can most definitely still use the phone to develop apps : ) the nice thing with flashing a new rom is that you can go back to the stock experience anytime you like , either by making a backup or downloading the stock rom and keeping it around to flash later if you want it . so you are not really risking anything except some time invested in fiddling the roms .
without root you only have the control the app developers give you : if an app allows you to configure this behaviour , you can do so -- otherwise you can not . if your device were rooted , on the other hand , you'ld have several possibilities : use droidwall to define which apps may use 3g , which wifi , which both , and which none ( 1st pic below ) use lbe privacy guard to do the same , and more ( 2nd pic ) use autorun manager to disable certain listeners of apps , so they no longer get informed about network changes ( 3rd pic ; experienced users only ! ) this is just a selection , and thus the list is very incomplete . as you already wrote your device is not rooted , it does not make sense to put all those details here ; it is just to give you an idea what would be possible with root , not to elaborate all options ; )
automatic call recorder works great on s3 , but it is not free . if you have rooted device , custom omega rom has this feature on board already ( just enable in the settings ) .
yes , it is . there is no specific need to flash a custom firmware but you can get the job done with a mod which you can flash from recovery preferably clockworkmod . it is always advised to backup data before flashing . here 's the link for the mod at xda . but i am not sure if two-way call recording is supported in this . you can record the other person 's voice but not your voice .
i used to use auto call recorder as well ( before my s3 ) , and i was highly unsatisfied when it stopped working ( when i switched to s3 ) . just yesterday i found out this another great app that just works . and seems like much better than acr : record my call - the solution ! no idea how that is even free ( even if it does have ads ) . and , i do have root , but i think this does not even need it .
smart call recorder mp3 is a fantastic free call recorder . it offers extensive call recording features and it is neatly integrated with google drive for automatic backup of your mp3 voice/call recordings .
if you do not want to root your phone or flash a custom rom , the only solution is boldbeast call recorder for android . just install the app and go . no need to root . no need to " set speaker on " during call recording . both sides sound in the recorded call are clear and loud . the developer said " optimized for galaxy phones " . take a look at what their users said ; they all said " great " .
different wallpapers drain the battery differently . it really depends on how many different factors the wallpaper is paying attention to . is it just being pretty or is it altering itself based on every movement of your phone ? the best way to find out is to simply test it yourself . spend one charge of your phone running a live wallpaper . when you get near the end of the battery charge , open up your phone 's settings . go to " about phone " -> " battery " -> " battery use " . this screen will show you all services that have used up more than 2% of your battery 's charge . your first reaction will probably be that it is taking up a lot when you see " display " draining the most but that is not taking into account wallpaper . the live wallpaper , if it has used more than 2% ( some do not ) , will show up as it is own service . they will pull more than a normal wallpaper ( that is a given ) but some will not effect it the battery charge nearly as much as say your widgets or the brightness of the display . turn down the brightness and you could probably offset the difference in battery charge of running a live wallpaper .
same problem here . with 2 nexus 7s , one did not sync and the other did . the google drive app seems to be the curlpit . after uninstalling and reinstalling drive sync started working properly .
i have a similar profile for nighttime and i do not use an exit task . since the task only runs during the time span you specify , it should shut off by itself once it is 7:30am .
there is a known hardware issue with the htc g2 . mine used to be hung at a black screen randomly when i tried to turn the screen on and unlock it . if your warranty has not already expired , start the process to get a replacement . the replacement i got has not experienced any of those issues .
if it is not rooted and not running a custom rom , a factory reset will reset everything back to stock and wipe the internal sd card . if you also wipe the external sd card , you will have a clean slate . checkout chapter update and reset , section resetting htc evo 3d , ( page 209 ) of the manual : http://www.htc.com/managed-assets/support/user-guide/user-manual/htc-evo-3d/110803_shooteru_htc_wwe_um.pdf quoting the manual : resetting htc evo 3d do a factory reset to return htc evo 3d to its original state before the first time you turned it on . if you’re passing htc evo 3d on to someone else or htc evo 3d has a persistent problem that cannot be solved , you can perform a factory reset ( also called a hard reset ) . factory reset is not a step to be taken lightly . it’ll permanently delete all your data and customized settings , and will remove any applications you’ve downloaded and installed . be sure to back up any data and files you want to keep before you do a factory reset .
if you are talking about when your phone uploads to google+ automatically using the built-in instant upload , then you can just switch that off in the google+ notifications . in fact i think that you must have switched that on at some point because i am sure it was off by default for me . open the google+ app , press menu , select settings , press notification settings , and then scroll down to the photos category and take the tick out of " photos added from instant upload " . you will still get the red notification box at the top inside the google+ app , but will not get notified in the standard android notifications bar any more . the other notification settings are there too , if you want to tune any of the others .
it is impossible to tell , the effect of overclocking varies depending on the specific software and hardware . however it likely will not make any notable difference if you are only getting 7fps in a game . overclocking is highly unlikely to make an unplayable game improved to the point where the game becomes playable , except in very rare circumstances such as with games that have a speed budget to decide whether to frame skip and your phone is just barely below the budget which causes it to consistently frame skips and the extra processing power manages to push it to be consistently below the budget . some argue that raising clock speed alone does not really guarantee better performance , since microarchitecture and bus speeds are what determines ultimate performance . performance is a complex thing , but one thing for sure is that cpu is rarely the bottleneck in many applications . booting , for example , is io bound , the bottleneck of booting is how fast it can marshal data from the persistent storage to ram . in short , you will have to try it yourself .
just did all the necessary steps on my n7: download the factory image from google unpack the downloaded file ( e . g . by tar -xvzf nakasi-jdq39-factory-c317339e.tgz ) boot your n7 into the bootloader ( hold the power and both volume buttons ) have fastboot installed ( comes with the sdk or for ubuntu , just install android-tools-fastboot ) connect it to your machine flash it using flash-all . bat or flash-all . sh ( needs installed fastboot ) here 's the transcript ( using ubuntu ) :
please read the main how do i root my android device from this site . this is a blog on rooting the device and installing gapps on the device ( if necessary ) . this is the xda thread on the root apk this should be a one click rooting process . this is a recovery / rom for the device as always the disclaimer to this applies : rooting your phone may void your carrier and manufacturer warranty . you accept all responsibility if you brick your device . if you are ever in doubt stop ! this is not something to take lightly . read this also as it relates to the risk of rooting a device . and once more i have to emphasise : always backup everything , all the time . then back it up again .
you could try android bot maker which can automate taps at particular co-ordinates . . swipes etc . . but root access is needed for this app . . .
cyanogenmod nightly builds are development snapshots . anything can be broken in them from one night to the next . you should not try to use a nightly for your " everyday " phone as problems like the one you describe are common . report the bug to the developers and switch to a stable release ( or , if you are feeling brave ) a release candidate or milestone release .
as you did not root or install any custom rom , this leaves one the apps you have installed as a possible cause . if you contacted samsung support , they probably would recommend a factory-reset to rule out software issues as well , so this is a working approach . yes , a factory-reset would delete all data and the apps you have installed . you might wish to take a look at our factory-reset tag-wiki and its most frequented questions for details . if a factory-reset indeed solves your issue , start re-installing your apps one-by-one with enough time to check in between . see also our backup tag-wiki for hints on how to save your data . helium - app sync and backup might come in handy here , as it allows you to backup apps and their data , and even restore them separately ( one-by-one ) in an easy way . of course , if you can live with the current state a little longer , you might want to wait for alternative answers first , so maybe a factory-reset is avoidable after all . if you want to use this approach , you find an appropriate item in your device 's settings , as well as in the recovery menu . again , you will find more dtails via the mentioned tag-wiki .
my phone has spontaneously changed to this configuration on the lock screen . i would like to get back to the previous configuration of the clock at the top and the full size pattern lock . it is impossible to drag or otherwise change the position of the widgets or pattern lock dots on the lock screen . once unlocked , there is no interface to adjust the lock screen widgets . galaxy s4 sgh-m919 , android 4.2.2 , touchwiz . does anyone know how to configure this aspect of the lock screen ?
it was added in a recent update as a pro-only feature . Edit schedule -&gt; when finished -&gt; Sync to Dropbox 
in my experience , titanium backup didnt work like what i wanted it to do . so now i use realsync pro , witch automatically syncs all photos from phone to dropbox each time i am on my home wifi network . works great ! get it here .
titanium backup does not have this feature yet . but , you can do this to automate it : install dropsync . link titaniumbackup directory ( whatever it is ) with a folder on dropbox . configure auto sync interval of dropsync to whatever you want ( scheduling ) . done ! free version of dropsync allows only one directory sync which is enough for this job . i have been using dropsync for 5 months and i have not faced any issues yet .
provided you are rooted and your rom supports changing the boot animation , there are a number of apps in the play store . here 's one - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jrummy.apps.boot.animations
beats audio is anadvertised as an outstanding feature of top htc phones . why should htc remove an advertised feature with a software update ? of course will it continue to work . i fail to see why one may question this .
i would try ( volume down + power button ) . you need to press them at the exact same time , otherwise it will not work . also make sure you hold it down for a few seconds .
there is another way to take a screenshot without an app according to this article . open settings -> motion scroll down to hand motion enable palm swipe to capture
the privacy guard is not available on stable builds , only on nightlies . source : privacy guard probably will not make it to the stable build until the next major release ( 10.2 ) .
from your situation , the most likely cause is that the message centre is not set correctly . first , find out the correct setting from your carrier : it is probably on their website , or you can phone their support line and ask . once you know the correct setting , find the message centre option in the settings for the stock sms app , and set it correctly .
you can open a telnet connection to the avd : telnet localhost 5554  then once connected : power capacity 100  or power status full  source : android developers : using the emulator
i have nexus 7 with stock jelly bean 4.2 . wallpapers are stored in /system/app/launcher2 . apk/res/drawable-sw600dp-nodpi as wallpaper_01.jpg to wallpaper_14.jpg but your picture is not here . i checked wallpapers in version 4.1.1 online here : https://bitbucket.org/neuralassembly/jcrom_packages_apps_launcher2/src/bd231599ae9f/res/drawable-sw600dp-nodpi and your picture is not here too . what android version do you have ?
its actually the wallpaper from golauncher ex . you can download it in the play store .
google now is guessing , based on where and when you spend your time . if it is wrong , simply edit it . once manually set it will not guess anymore .
i do it with tasker . note : needs secure settings plugin w/ system+ enabled start hacking ( 11 ) a1: secure settings [ configuration:input method/hacker 's keyboard package:com . intangibleobject . securesettings . plugin name:secure settings timeout ( seconds ) :0 ] stop hacking ( 12 ) a1: secure settings [ configuration:input method/swiftkey package:com . intangibleobject . securesettings . plugin name:secure settings timeout ( seconds ) :0 ] very straightforward - 1 profile linking desired apps with the enter/exit tasks above . over here someone generalized it to return to whatever the previous input method was : https://groups.google.com/forum/m/#!topic/tasker/gmkpiqy6l7c but , like op , these are the only keyboards i use so " hard coding " swiftkey was alright with me .
currently , there is no stable solution available , but you can try keyswap to associate specific keyboard to an app . as android does not allow an app to change input method programatically , your device needs to be rooted for this to work .
is that for the cm9 rc1 that was released yesterday ? :d there is two things you need to do : remove the simlock first ! ( flashing a rom with simlock on could spell disaster ) unlock the bootloader to enable you to run custom roms . as for the way things are , there is no true cwm recovery for the sony due to the inherent nature of how sony does it ( its different ! ) - when you unlock the bootloader , you are also unlocking recovery but , the boot and recovery are residing on the one partition so do not try flash cwm into it otherwise bam , goodbye ! there is an app on the market , for a cwm which is not a real cwm ( it dumps its binaries into the /system directory ) which by the way , must remind you need root for this ! you will need se1tool ( iirc ) to flash the latest rom , you could also check out the freexperia project for information on this , freexperia is by jerpelea , which is now what you are seeing , as cm9 .
rotation locker says that it supports this : lock your screen 's rotation in landscape , portrait or auto . when you launch the app , you are faced with these three options . for doing this quickly , it does also include a widget to lock whatever your current orientation is : a widget is provided so you can lock into whatever your current orientation is . ( useful for reverse landscape for example ) .
depending on the device ( and root method ) , the su binary ( which gives your device root ) is usually located in /system/xbin/ or /system/bin/ directory , while the Superuser.apk ( which acts as a gate keeper , presenting you with a dialog when apps request root permissions ) is always in /system/app/ . the /system partition does not get cleared by the factory reset process , so it is safe to perform while still retaining root .
this is a power consumption thing . most time when you are not using a smartphone it is in suspended state . i.e. , as many as possible components are off and do not consume power . awake means the cpu is in the running state . this usually means you are using it and the screen is also on . android devices also regularly wake up to check email , push notifications and so on even when thescreen is off . also playing music or using navigation both with screen off forces the cpu to be awake . hence your finding : more awake -> more battery drain
i use an app called delayed lock . you can set it to stay unlocked for a set time after last unlock or after screen off and then it will enable the pin/pw again . it can also be used to unlock the device on specific wifi networks and lock when it disconnects ( you still have to use your pin/pw the first time ) . and there is a plugin for it that uses location to disable the pin/pw as well .
first of all try booting it into recovery mode . to enter recovery mode turn the device off and hold vol up , vol down , home and power . when the phone vibrates let go of the buttons and it should boot into recovery mode . now using the volume keys to move up and down the list and the power button to select , go to wipe data/factory reset . select yes . wait for it to reset . now select reboot system now . if you still get stuck on the splash screen you will probably have to re-flash the firmware using odin . there are plenty of guides on youtube and xda for using odin to re-flash firmware , just watch any tutorial but use the firmware for your device , which you can get here http://www.sammobile.com/firmwares/ . simply search for your device ( s7562 ) and download the firmware for your country . i would tell you how to use odin but i have not used it for quite a while but it is pretty simple , all you really do is press a button , good luck .
no , there is not . the official product website does not offer this as a feature , and i have tested with its little brother , the moga pro . incidentally , i have never noticed any lag or unresponsiveness when using a moga pro with a nexus 10 on 4.2 or 4.4.2 . perhaps your lag can be blamed on a specific app you are running ?
no , you do not have to reload or delete anything . however do make sure you take a nandroid backup before you install one of those kernels . you can potentially get into a reboot-loop that can only be broken by flashing another ( lower mhz ) kernel or restoring to a previous nandroid backup . i went from stock kernel to now running the ultra low voltage 800mhz chevyno1 kernel . i could not get it go any faster with ultra low voltage without a reboot-loop . basically you will start with the lowest processor speed kernel at a certain voltage and work your way up . so try ulv 800mhz , if it runs stable at 800mhz , try the 1ghz , then the 1.1ghz , etc . if you are wanting to conserve battery , then try the ulv kernel . if you are wanting processor speed , the lv kernel should be just fine . your mileage will vary because no two droid processors are made exactly a like ( because these kernels are going outside of the processor 's design specifications ) .
meridian media player has support for lyrics - i believe , embedded as well as . lrc files , but you might need the payware pro version for that functionality to be enabled . update : you are right ! turns out i had . lrc files in my music folder which is why i was seeing lyrics .
i have not actually researched this answer , so take it with a grain of salt . basing it off of other development work i have done with mp3s in the past . i do not think there would be any reason that android would limit an application from reading the embedded lyrics ( or , rather lyrics from the id3 tag ) . because the tag supports this , really all you would need is a java library that you can bring into your android app that will read the lyrics . with that said , the lyrics tag tends to be a little more in the " advanced support " for many applications . everybody reads the title and artist tags . most people will even display the album art ( which is also part of the id3 ) . i have not researched any recent libraries , but if you are curious about the id3 tag in general , read this id3 easy article . so , the short answer is : no , nothing is stopping anybody from supporting it other than library support . either a library does not exist , or nobody cares to utilize that feature within an android media player . hope that helps !
is there something in the android architecture that prevents people from creating mp3 players that read embedded lyrics ? apparently the answer is " yes . " there is an open issue in android 's issue tracker on this very problem . only users with commit permission may comment , but you can star and follow the issue and perhaps help it get more attention .
everything seems to be working fine now . even before the upgrade , it worked intermittently . but since the upgrade , it seems to be solid . running version 2.3.2 .
well , like the other forum i would also say there is just no problem with using two or more devices over a single gmail account . i remembered you said that " local mail servers and gmail server"data gets deleted . i think that might happen because of something else i.e. not related only with the gmail account . do one thing try factory resetting your device and then try putting the gmail account back in place and see if that again disappears or not ! ps : make sure you backup your data before moving forward with the factory resetting .
1 : yes , android does have many partitions as mentioned here 2 : by default it is locked unless you unlock it as mentioned here 3 : yes , it must be unlocked as mentioned in xda-developers 's flashing guide 4: a : no you do not have to b:it depends on your vendor . 5:yes , it can as mentioned in xda-developers 's root i9100g 6:it might brick your phone but for me it stopped in the middle and it did not brick .
to answer your questions individually : not all handsets have those partitions - sony has boot and recovery combined into one . most bootloaders are locked by the appropriate manufacturer . some are willing to allow you to unlock the bootloader through their website ( check with that first ) yes , the bootloader must be unlocked , that is to enable the overwriting of the boot loader with a custom kernel , in some cases , see sony above , if overwriting the boot , you are hosed ! see 3 above . for 4 and 5 , the ics has a different method of exploiting root unlike previous versions , zergrush is the latest for gingerbread , as for ics and later , not 100% sure . as for bricking , now , let 's clear up something , bricking is a wrong terminology to use . the only true way of bricking is , doing a firmware update , and halfway through that process , pull the cable . . . you are well and truly hosed . by firmware definition , i am not referring to rom updates mind you , its more of hardware update - think of bios updates on desktop pcs , then you are not far off the mark there , such as radio firmware . the problem is the word brick has become a common parlance among new beginners to android and often associated with the ' rooting process ' , and that is fud . think about it , a brick used to build a wall , that is a brick . phones can be brought back from the dead so to speak with specialized jtag cables and stripping down the phone to the circuitary level ( some have it accessible to avoid stripping down ) . that is a hardware-brick - can only happen with the above scenario in firmware update - pull the cable halfway through or even , attempting to do a firmware update when the battery is &lt ; 5% and the battery dies , that is another way . that is why it is recommended to have the battery have sufficient charge capacity > 85% prior to doing a firmware update . soft brick on the other hand - is commonly associated with boot-loops , incorrect rom flashing . that is salvageable . you will know if a brick has happened , phone is dead , no power , not responding with a fully charged battery . if on the other hand , you see a boot logo appear , and responds to power , leds lights on , its not bricked . that is a very simple but important concept to understand to aid in distinguishing when doing the procedures such as rooting it , updating roms .
i am also using a asus transformer prime tablet but the play runs very well in that . i would suggest the following , restart the tablet . try to charge for atleast 8 hours also did u install the latest firmware that is being provided by asus , that firmware is a bug filled update . do not update that . if you have updated it then it could be because of that .
i was on the verge of packing the tablet up and returning it to amazon and thought i would try one last thing . i took the tablet to a friends house and tried it on their wifi just to double check it was not my network . the table worked first time and i used google play to install a number of apps . i then took the tablet back to my house and google play continued to work and i installed some more apps . i have no idea what my router was blocking that prevented google play from working but it seems fine now . if the problem returns i know the issue is with my router now , not the tablet .
it should pop up when you hold the menu button . i do not know if this works on tablets with android 3.0 or higher but it will work on android 2.1 , 2.2 and 2.3 . good luck !
it should pop up when you tap on a text box . if it does not , does there appear a small keyboard icon in the bottom right corner ?
the dialog you mention is nothing to do with usb debugging : it is because the device 's storage is mounted ( via mtp or usb mass storage ) , and some app has a file open from that storage . it could be that you have a file manager window looking at the device 's storage , or that your music player software is automatically indexing files on it , or something else . to avoid the dialog , you need to find and close whatever software on your desktop computer has files from the phone open . on linux you can use the lsof tool to help ; on windows you just have to guess .
from command prompt you can enter the following command adb kill-server  and then try ejecting .
unfortunately currently there is no way to make a pure voip outbound call via google voice on android . previously , you could initiate a free call from gmail on your pc , then press the * key on the keypad which would transfer the call to all other numbers connected to your gv account , and then you had pick up the " call " on your cell phone and continue the conversation on your mobile which was still voip . once google wised up to this feature being used too widely , they changed this functionality to only allow this transfer for incoming calls only .
i found this answer useful . it might help you with what you are looking to accomplish : log file locations as an alternative , there is an app that can help you analyze logs : alogcat ( free ) - logcat
are you sure that the problem comes from the handset ? sometimes , it is only the time required to be paired with the closest bts ( or nodeb in 3g ) , and you can not do anything but require explicitly the network by placing a call . the most common way to do this is to call your answer machine , which is free and always instructive : )
the easiest way is through rom manager ( you can find it in the market ) . after installing it , open it and select the . zip file for the rom you want to install . the phone will reboot into recovery mode . hit " reinstall packages " or something similar to replace this recovery with clockworkmod recovery from rom manager ( may have to do this twice ) . then your phone will go into this new recovery and install the rom . note you can also use a windows tool call odin , but you must have a rom specifically designed for odin . you might need to flash a " clockwork compatible " rom through odin before rom manager will work .
some file systems are pretty robust , if you used ext3/4 and yaffs2 , the chance of getting caught in situation where the filesystem cannot recover is scarcer than winning a lottery . these file system utilizes logging to revert inconsistencies ; at every startup , android will check the filesystem 's log , if the log is not empty that means the file system is not unmounted cleanly and it will automatically perform a quick recovery ( you usually will not notice anything , just a 3-5 seconds longer startup ) . there is small chance that the last data that have not been " committed " may be lost , but it is -- for all practical purpose -- impossible to lose the whole file system . unfortunately , some filesystems commonly used in certain android devices are not so robust , many manufacturers partition their sd cards as fat , and with fat every time your device crashes , you are playing a game of russian roulette . samsung phones had a proprietary variant of fat , which they called rfs ( robust file system ) , they claim rfs is compatible with fat but is robust in the event of crash ; so far , i had not observed any data corruption on my samsung phone , though it is still better to be wary since samsung is bad at writing software .
there is always a risk with not cleanly unmounting a file system . by pulling the battery , you are not allowing the system to finish up what it is doing on the sd card , and if you catch it at the right time , it can sadly screw things up pretty badly . with some luck , you may be able to run a diagnostic on the file system and recover some of the data , but it all depends on the specifics .
did you guys checkout the updated amazon 's official help documentation ? how can i delete an app from the my apps list ? visit your apps from a web browser . select " delete this app " from the " actions . . . " drop down menu to the right of the app you had like to delete . confirm you had like to delete the app and your app will be removed from the my apps list on all android devices registered to your account . if the app has been downloaded to a device , it will have to be manually uninstalled .
just fyi , they have instructions posted on their site under the " your apps and device " section of amazon.com/apps , support should have been able to respond to that very quickly . uninstall is definitely lacking in the app itself . note : if you uninstall the amazon appstore itself , some apps downloaded through it may no longer function , this was confirmed with angry birds rio by droid-life .
from the homescreen hit the menu button and select Settings . then select Applications , and then Manage applications . find the app you want to uninstall and select it , then clear the data associated with it by tapping Clear data and then tap Uninstall . voila ! edit : i actually just noticed this in amazon 's official help documentation for their appstore ( from june 14th , 2011 ) : . . . amazon tested to ensure the highest quality apps in our catalog , we take all submissions through a series of tests . in this process we screen the apps for known viruses and malware , test the app to check that it actually does what it claims to do , and test whether the app affects the stability of the other functions of your phone . these tests include ( but are not limited to ) : installation : the application installs and opens , upgrades can be installed and the application can be uninstalled by following the phone 's regular uninstall method . . . . ( italics added by me . ) clearly they intentionally left out an amazon appstore-native method of removing apps you have downloaded and installed from them .
you need root access for it , so if you are not root you can manually move the apps to the sd card ( when it is possible ) in the config> applications ( i dont have my phone here ) menu and go one by one ; or you can use another app for it like app2sd or similar .
i have the same problem . i am using apple wireless keyboard and android ics 4.0 . i can pair and connect them both , but there is no additional ime in the input list . checking and unchecking the use as input option does not change anything . i am not sure if there should be one but some say bluetooth keyboard is supported out of the box in ics . also , some youtube videos show users who managed to connect them and typing right away without choosing any ime or anything . i am using bluekeyboard jp ( works well for me ) for the time being until i find a way to get it work natively without a third-party app .
found a possible solution from android central questions give it a shot . specifically , this post says to do the following : when pairing the keyboard with your device , it will prompt you to enter a pin and say " try 0000 or 1234 . " you need to : step 1 ) enter "0000" on your android device ( tablet or phone keyboard ) step 2 ) hit " okay " step 3 ) type "0000" and hit enter on your bluetooth keyboard
russian keyboard is a free app that allows you to choose different layouts ( languages ) for the hardware keyboard and the combination for switching between them ( alt+shift , alt+space or shift+space ) . works perfectly on my samsung with android 4.4 kitkat . note that selected layouts and the switching combination works as long as the app is selected as a current input method .
you can try ctrl+shift . this option better works for the xp . may be it can also work with you .
option 1 . i will explain the setup i am using for past couple of years over various devices . i use swiftp in android to make a ftp server . this project is abandoned now , but the apk works on 4.2 jellybean ( not sure about 4.3 ) . or as an alternative you can setup a ftp server via most file managers these days , eg solid explorer . setup a username and password for the ftp server and start ftp server in the phone . then i use filezilla in the pc ( which is on same wi-fi network as the phone ) and connect with the credentials to the ftp server set up on the android phone/tablet . this will enable you to transfer files from pc to phone and viceversa . option 2 . use airdroid . simple to setup and easy to use . i will recommend this over ftp server . good luck .
try wifi file explorer ( also available in pro version with more features ) . it reads your sd card just like astro does , allows you to view it from a computer browser , and does not require root . you may be able to view your files from here , and if so , you can download them via wifi network . let us know if it works ! : )
simple painless can be with dropbox application where you can share files between various platforms . no need for cable just wireless access ; )
you may try install the android sdk and use adb-pull under command-line .
apparently android versions 3.1+ support mtp for file transfers . this is a better protocol than usb mass storage for media files ( music , photos , videos ) but will not necessarily work with all files as well . probably since this mode is meant for media transfer , the system and data folders are hidden from the user .
i guess these issues are solved as i have never encountered such on my desire hd .
there are solutions if you encounter problems ( which i did myself ) . one thing to try if you get " laggy " or " jagged " video is to disable usb debugging or uninstall the flash updates from market . i would imagine this issue does not occur on the latest batch of devices ; my friend 's just got the dhd and it is working fine .
same issue on an htc desire ( android 2.3.3 ) i had a crazy scrolling when tapping a text input field ( the field get the focus but was scrolled out of the screen ) and even worst : when entering values from the native keypad , each keytap was creating an arbitrary scroll . . after seeing this article i looked for some specific -webkit-transform tags and after removing them the issue is gone ! the lines were not even used , it was leftovers from previous attempts staying aside in a css file ! ! !
try way2sms.com. you have to subscribe or create an account with them , but then you can send unlimited messages through their gateway .
the only way to accomplish this is to use an online sms gateway , which means you send the message to the service provider via the internet , and they forward it to the recipient over sms . there are several service providers for this , but mostly they require a subscription , i.e. they are not free . just google for " sms gateway " to find them . some service providers have android app support , but this depends on your region and the selected service provider . note that most service providers do not allow you to use your own number as the sender , therefore the recipient may have a hard time replying to you .
sms messages ( aka " text messages" ) do not go over wi-fi , so it is not possible to track them that way . if you do not think you can install anything on the phone , the only way is through the carrier , and since intercepting other people 's communications is against the law in most places , they are not likely to help you do that .
i have found that if i am using another app in the background that polls for location ( e . g . latitude in maps ) i tend to get much more accurate geo-tags in photos . ymmv , but perhaps if you know you are going to be shooting photos you can open up maps or similar first to start the process going . wrt your battery life question , leaving maps open tends to destroy my battery in a few ( 5-7 ) hours ( dinc 1 , known for horrible battery life anyway , even among android phones ) , especially if i am shooting a number of photos . when i know i am going to be using my phone in that manner i typically bring a second battery along , so that when i am done i can still make calls .
i am starting gpsfix before any app that use gps https://market.android.com/details?id=com.androidlab.gpsfix
you can try the browsers that do not use the internal webkit rendering engine , i.e. opera mobile , firefox , opera mini or skyfire . for android 2.2 there is also persian browser which uses webkit and connects the letters after loading the page .
android does not have great arabic support , although this has supposedly been improved in the latest version of android . this is currently the number one most-requested android issue . an upgrade to android 2.3 probably would not make a difference , but as power-inside mentioned , cyanogenmod does have improved arabic support . because the support is not built into android , improved arabic support must be built into the apps using libraries such as the better arabic reshaper . arabic text reader is an app that claims to support twitter in arabic . you could also contact the developer of tweetcaster and ask them about improving their arabic support . here 's an overview of arabic support in android by version : the evolution of android arabic support
firstly , you need to write here model of your phone and firmware version . some examples from practice . lg optimus one . i did not realize very long time how to make google contacts from phone . it is simple . when you create contact there is on top of windows drop-down box , where are three items : Phone ( or PC Sync ) , SIM Google . it is obvious where each item saves contact data . default item is Phone . video how to create contact and select it is type . htc inspire 4g . default behavior is to create google contacts . but there is also drop-down menu where i can select SIM or Phone items . please look through your phone menus more thoroughly . also you can make contacts directly in web-interface of gmail . after small time they will be available in phone . and when you edit such contacts , they are edited on google server too . one thing you need to make such functionality available is to connect your phone and your google account .
google only keeps track of your google contacts . the contacts app on android allows other apps to provide data to it . that is how you get your skype etc . contacts on your phone but google can not know what they will be and can not sync them .
if you do not mind transferring files wireless-ly , you can always go for an option like wifi file transfer as explained in this answer . you can try updating the mtp drivers of your pc and installing device drivers if any .
i have been tearing my hair out with this one as well . the one thing i wanted most , and it did not work . i found the missing info at whirlpool forums . you actually have to turn usb storage on , not merely enable it in the settings . also , what you really want is for the phone to autoplay . here 's the process i went through ; do not know which step actually fixed the issue : go into settings and check usb debugging and usb tethering . when you connect the phone by usb and the two dive icons appear , right click on them , go to properties and select autoplay , change the drop down menu from music to mixed content and check the prompt me each time to choose an action . this is for win xp , mind you . when you next connect the phone to usb , tap the top of the screen where the battery and usb icon is . slide down to reveal your options , and a message saying connect as usb storage will appear with the android robot icon holding his arm up as a usb connector . press turn on USB storage when it connects . autoplay will automatically open a removable disk drive box asking you what you want to do . click open folder to explore files and voila - cut and paste what you want . i only got this far after i put in the micro sd card . before that , i never saw the android robot appear with turn usb storage on/off after sliding the screen down , only the connect as USB storage setting . the checkbox would be there , but it would not connect and merely charge even though there is another selection for that . hope it works for you . good luck .
an easy low brow way to do this that i find the best for investment/reward ratio is . . . . . drum roll , flourish of hands , magical passes over sequined leotard clad assistant 's body , . . . . . copy the mp3s onto a microsd card that is plugged into a usb port on the pc . and then disconnect the microsd card from the pc and insert it into the microsd slot next to the sim slots of the phone .
i could not get usb transfer to work either ( windows 8 , nexus 4 and nexus 7 ) . as a workaround i am using airdroid ( google play ) .
german wikipedia notes that windows xp supports mtp only with media player 10 installed , so this is one thing your could try . a second pointer is provided by how do i install the mtp drivers for windows xp ? in the ms help center , which points you to download and install the media transfer protocol porting kit from their website . number 3 advice : you wrote you tried connection as a usb storage . that should do without any specific drivers even on windows , as the device then poses as " usb disk " . it should present you at least the sd card this way . you wrote it shows with a "0 byte size": if that should mean how much data is in there , that could be normal ( card still empty ) . last one : if all other fails , take a look at apps like e.g. airdroid , which lets you remotely administrate and manage your android device , and also includes a file browser with drag-and-drop support . you start this app on your android device , and it will show you an url to type into your browser on the pc . then you can handle everything else from within your web browser .
firmware update a firmware update usually brings to your device bug fixes or new features . this is good because insures your device security and readiness for a stable usage . after spending one hour trying to find a changelog for samsung firmwares , the best i could came up with was this website : samfirmware what is this ? the firmware page of sammobile is specially for the die-hard samsung owner . since firmware are country related , and i do not know yours , you can try to locate the firmware there : your new version : pda:lpd / phone:lpb / csc : lpd ( tmu ) marked at bold what is relevant to find that firmware . enter lpd in the search box and look at the column " csc " , than locate the row with the firmware released for your country . note : nonetheless , there is not much information available . there is also : this two websites provide a comprehensive list of the firmwares released : samsung galaxy s2 firmware updates via kies official releases compiled list how to update samsung i9100 galaxy s ii firmware locate your current firmware touch menu ; touch settings ; scroll to and touch about phone ; the software version will be displayed .
is orbot a reasonable option ? does not do what you are describing but does protect your content . guardian has a decent number of encryption apps .
lifehacker suggests an app called ssh tunnel : ssh tunnel is an app that allows an android phone to connect to the internet using an ssh tunnel for a completely secure connection . it is great for those times when you have got no data signal , stuck at work or a coffee shop that only has public wi-fi available , and you need to be sure that nobody is snooping your sensitive personal information as you connect to sites .
i am using cyanogen 10 mod and there is an option to set " always on vpn " . i did not test it but it says " select a vpn to always stay connected to . do not allow any network activity unless vpn is connected . " not sure what version this was added in . i am on 10.1 on motorola xoom tablet cdma .
as for the " automatically connect to wi-fi nodes " part , the wi-fi ruler app is very good . it will automatically connect to aps , then it will actually try them to see if they have internet connectivity ( and blacklist them and try another one if they do not ) , automatically approve clickwalls ( panera , starbucks , . . . ) , save aps under different priority profiles , etc . combined with something that keeps a persistent tunnel going , this should be a solution .
set yor language by clicking on ' einstellungen ' or navigate directly to the english localized version : http://www.google.com/preferences?hl=en to set it there ( you can switch the ' hl=en ' for english to hl=hu for hungarian or any other you want in the link ) . setting your start page is not what you want : this will not affect searches from the widget or from the omnibox ( the auto completion , aka instant search ) . edit : seems like the keyboard language sets the default . . . switched from en to german and back .
not necessary . . . no need to downgrade . . .
if your device is rooted/unlocked , and you already use a custom recovery ( like clockworkmod or twrp ) , there is no need to downgrade first . flashing the custom-rom will either replace the complete system , regardless of the installed version : usually , the images contain complete " disk images " for all relevant partitions . if , on the other hand , your device is not rooted , and there does not exist any rooting solution for the currently installed android version , but only for ics : then yes , you might need to downgrade so you can gain root access to your device , and flash a custom recovery . on some devices it might be sufficient to simply unlock the bootloader in order to install a custom recovery or flash a custom rom . if that applies to your device , i must leave for someone else to answer .
no . there is no auto off-road mode in opera . my suggestion is that you keep both opera for android and opera mini on your device . when you are on mobile data , use opera mini . else , use opera for android with off-road mode off .
i will answer my own question in the hope in helps others : i just had to reboot my device , and now when i start kindle the mobi files which i had copied to the kindle folder are present in the main screen . so obviously the kindle application must be restarted when you add ebooks to its folder ( without downloading them via the kindle store ) . update added the kindle folder : /sdcard/kindle  force closing and/or clearing the data , does not bring up an epub file i just copied to the folder . will let you know after some more testing . update 2 for those interested : the calibre software , can convert any e-book between numerous formats ( including epb and mobi ) . so , if the epub format is not recognized , just convert it to mobi and use the converted file .
well , nobody seemed to be able to answer this question , so i went ahead and applied the update . overall , i am glad i did . i have not noticed any significant change in performance . i could take or leave most of the ui changes included in touchwiz , but there are a few things in the new ui that are very nice . one is that toggles for things like bluetooth , wifi , and auto-rotation are now immediately accessible in the notifications pop-up when you touch the notification tray . another nice thing is a dedicated screenshot button that appears next to the regular android buttons in the control bar at the bottom . press it at any time for an instant screenshot . i have not noticed that any features have been disabled . i do not have a 3g-capable tablet , so i do not know if the " portable wi-fi hotspot " functionality would be affected by the update . but everything else i have tried functions as it did before . also , an unexpected bonus to the upgrade is that samsung released a bunch of new apps bundled with the new ui , some of which are very useful . the ebooks app especially is nice for me , it reads epub and pdf files , and it formats epubs better and performs faster than some of the other apps i have tried ( like fbreader ) . there is also an app for making adjustments to photos , and a few others that i have not really used . the new touchwiz ui also includes a handful of mini-apps that can be launched from the android control bar at any time . these apps appear in small windows that float over whatever other apps you are running , and they can be moved around . none of these apps are really awesome , but some are useful . for example , you can bring up a mini-view of your calendar , a small music player , or a note pad you can type into or draw on , without leaving the app you were using before . it is kind of a neat idea , although i am glad this is not a standard android feature or there would be way too many apps written this way , and android would lose a lot of its ease-of-use .
the information comes from the misc partition . . /dev/block/platform/sdhci-tegra . 3/by-name/misc if you dd if= . . . . of=/sdcard/misc . img then do an adb pull /sdcard/misc . img you will see . . i stuffed up a root and had cdma crap in there from one of the updates . . now no 3g either : ) but that is where it queries the information from . . doens't do an mdm_ctrl commands to extract it or anything .
i could have found the solution by myself . not sure because i have not tested it yet . for the backup/restore : titanium backup ( tutorial ) for the downgrade/unroot thing : first i could restore acer 's original recovery via acer recovery installer , then i could downgrade to hc3.0.1 with this i will give it a try it works perfectly ! ! !
overclocking should not actually damage your battery but it will make it drain quicker and as a side effect of that have a shorter overall life . overvolting ( giving the cpu more volts ) could however damage your battery ( overvolting can be common practise when applying a generous overclock ) but of course this all depends on what device you are on and what processor it has in , some processors that are understood by devs better can be overclocked more safely .
here is a tutorial how to fix your alcatel the tutorial is a video on youtube its in spanish but dont worry i fixed mine even thoght i dont understand spanish ok here is the video link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxzycs6msma and here is the files you need to fix your phone https://www.mediafire.com/?gyhxb15ojb6dq6t try to watch the video first after you download the file unzip it to your desktop first thing you need to do is to shutdown your phone remove the battery and put the battery back into your phone press and hold the volume up button and turn on your phone then connect your phone to pc using the usb cable now open the folder you unziped to your desktop and double click romeo . cmd now you can see som thing like this type 1 and hit enter once you see press any key to return to home type 2 and hit enter again . . . . . . do that for all rest steps once you reach the 7 step your phone will restart unplug your phone from usb cable dont worry if it looks un usual now try to enter recovery mode and select recover user data once done reboot your phone and enjoy i hope this was helpfull
i think this link would help you out : http://lifehacker.com/5853519/how-do-i-fix-my-bricked-android-phone
first , make sure the apn settings on your phone are correct for your carrier . next , try cleaning the sim card 's and phone 's contacts . you should also try a different sim to rule out a broken card ( also try your current sim in a different phone . ) if the problem persists - then it is most likely a hardware issue with the phone 's sim card connector . you may want to get in touch with samsung to send the phone in for service . the sim card contacts on the phones are notoriously fragile , and can be easily damaged by using an adapter ( micro-to-nano for example ) that is either defective or simply improperly manufactured . if the adapter is not an exact fit , the contacts can get " caught " in the gap and bend or even break off during removal . it is possible this is what happened to the previous owner of your galaxy s4 . this type of damage is usually not covered by manufacturer 's warranty , but it will not hurt to try anyway . worst case - there are sim housing kits available for sale for the galaxy s4 , and ste-by-step replacement instructions on youtube . it is fairly easy to replace this module on your own .
from the email app , press the menu key , then choose settings . pick account settings , then click the account you want to change on the next screen . after that , you have to scroll to the bottom to get more settings , and to the bottom again to change the incoming settings and outgoing settings . samsung appears to have taken lessons from microsoft on hiding important settings behind " advanced " buttons !
android magic not found in boot . img . giving up . i got similar error , when i tried with the rom . zip . then i extracted the zip file " unzip rom . zip " . which gave the following structure . then i extracted the boot . img . drwxr-xr-x 3 vramaraj sw-team 4096 oct 9 2011 data/ -rw-r--r-- 1 vramaraj sw-team 70 may 16 2012 installbusybox drwxr-xr-x 4 vramaraj sw-team 4096 oct 6 19:03 sdcard/ drwxr-xr-x 16 vramaraj sw-team 4096 nov 28 22:14 system/ -rw-r--r-- 1 vramaraj sw-team 4073472 dec 2 22:27 boot . img -rw-r--r-- 1 vramaraj sw-team 302938 dec 3 21:14 logo . bin -rw-r--r-- 1 vramaraj sw-team 236601691 jan 31 22:18 rom . zip -rwxr-xr-x 1 vramaraj sw-team 6773 jan 31 22:18 split_bootimg . pl* drwxr-xr-x 3 vramaraj sw-team 4096 jan 31 22:19 meta-inf/ -rw-r--r-- 1 vramaraj sw-team 3477896 jan 31 22:21 boot . img-kernel -rw-r--r-- 1 vramaraj sw-team 591679 jan 31 22:21 boot . img-ramdisk . gz drwxr-xr-x 2 vramaraj sw-team 4096 jan 31 22:21 ramdisk/
after reading the comment , i spotted the error . . . anirudh@kat ~/downloads/mkboot $ . /unpack-bootimg . pl /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img kernel written to /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-kernel . gz ramdisk written to /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-ramdisk . cpio . gz gzip : . . //home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-ramdisk . cpio . gz : no such file or directory cpio : premature end of archive extracted ramdisk contents to directory /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-ramdisk/ for the boot.img-ramdisk.cpio.gz - this needs special handling . . . try this : gzip -dc boot.img-ramdisk.cpio.gz | cpio -i  the way to do it is after unpacking the boot.img , create a directory called something like ramdisk , go into that directory and use gzip -dc ../boot.img-ramdisk.cpio.gz | cpio -i , the reason is , to organize the structure and files with minimum clutter . gzip decompresses the ramdisk archive to stdout , pipe it into cpio with the -i switch to read from stdin and it will correctly extract the data . to do the reverse , say after making a change here and there within the ramdisk directory : mkbootfs ramdisk/ | gzip &gt; my_new_ramdisk.gz 
setting the status and navigation bars to have the transparent gradient is handled by applications/launchers themselves in stock 4.4 . some apps and launchers provide a setting to turn the gradients on and off . the aosp launcher always uses opaque bars , google now launcher always uses transparent bars , and certain 3rd party launchers such as nova give you a toggle . regardless of the launcher 's setting , apps can and will override it .
that depends on multiple things : if you remove your account from the device , the paid apps most likely will stop working ( if they use google license services to verify their validity ) . so concerning this it was a bad idea to buy those apps specifically for your parents using your account if the device is running at least android 4.2 , you can create separate accounts for your parents , with your own account staying the " owner " ( which means , you would administrate the device for them -- certain actions as e.g. factory reset are limited to the " owner account" ) . in this case you would need to re-install all apps with the new account -- but it would be a " fake-reinstall " ( they will not be doenloaded another time ) . still , above mentioned license issue will remain : each user must pay for the app separateley . no issue for free apps , however -- though if changing the account they might no longer update , as they are " registered " with the old account . this update issue could be fixed using the appbrain app market , which lets you sync the list of apps you have installed with your account ( just one example , there might be other solutions i am currently unaware of , or which might require root ) i know it is possible to have multiple accounts on a device ( see e.g. multiple google accounts and the market ) . but never having tried this , i do not know how that works out . i think it is your parents , so you probably trust them enough to keep your account on the device , just adding a new one for them to use . this might solve the issue with the license stuff for the apps you already bought for them . but keep in mind that , depending on to which account the playstore app defaults then , they might still ending up buying apps with your account . and , of course , they can read your mail -- not only those mails you explicitly send them , but all mail on the bound gmail account : ) however : transfering payed apps between accounts is ( currently ? ) not possible . update : if your tablet is rooted , take a look at multi-user app share . this app permits the " owner " ( first user of the device ) to share apps with other accounts without having them re-download those from google 's playstore . as for now , it is not tested thoroughly with paid apps , but should ( at least partly ) work . check the app 's description and comments for details .
angel browser has a virtual page down button
hacker 's keyboard has page up/down keys which default browser and chrome handles properly . you can even make it appear outside of input context with " use permanent notification " option . that does not help much since having keyboard open all the time is a bit absurd , but proves the point that an app for having global page up/down could exist . ps . dolphin browser also has an option for mapping volume up/down to scroll by page and that is what i am trying to use right now .
uc browser has two kinds of tap scrolling . you can configure it to scroll up if you hit a non-link portion in the upper half of the screen or vice versa to scroll down . you can also elect to display two arrow buttons ( that you can drag around the screen so you can position them to your liking ) for tap to scroll . you can get it here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ucmobile.intl note : as i write this , the uc browser hd ( specifically for tablets ) does not have this capability .
google now has a device manager as part of google services where you can do a remote wipe : https://www.google.com/android/devicemanager at least put a pin lock on your device so that it will be harder to access . do not enable developer options / keep adb on all the time .
if you have tried to clear it from the apps settings for dropbox and google drive , you will find there are no defaults set , because the default is set with the app that opens the file , not the app you open it from . from apps in the device settings , go to office suite pro 's settings , and click clear defaults there .
there is a modified version of the play store that removes device restrictions . see this xda thread for more info and the download link to your version of android . it also disables self-updating of the play store so your modified version wont be replaced by a newer official one . cheers
i have not used it but a quick search on the play store suggests this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.birdapi.android.dpipro it specifies that : this is the only lcd density app that can fix the " this device is not supported " error message in the android market when using an unsupported dpi ! note : i am not affiliated with this product
actually there is plenty android anti-malware solutions . here 's a list ordered by the best results according to av-test - the independent it-security institute and the latest test results performed during february and march 2012 , where were reviewed 41 different solutions . detection rates of 90% and above : avast ! free mobile security dr . web anti-virus light f-secure mobile security ikarus mobile . security lite kaspersky mobile security lookout security and antivirus mcafee mobile security myandroid protection nq mobile security zoner antivirus free to quote : the best products in our tests ( with detection rates of 90% and above ) come from the following top 10 companies , listed in alphabetic order : avast , dr . web , f-secure , ikarus , kaspersky , lookout , mcafee , myandroid protection , nq mobile and zoner . users of products made by these companies can be assured that they are protected against malware .
sounds like this is one of two things to me . either a faulty screen / hardware . or depending on the severity of this flicker it may be that the device has a light sensor that is trying to change the screen brightness based on the ambient light surrounding the device . you could rule out the second option by going to your screen brightness in the settings and make sure that it is set to a static amount and that " automatic brightness " is turned off . if after you do this you still notice the flickers i would lean more towards faulty hardware . i have seen on some devices ( do not have nexus 7 so never on that ) that the automatic brightness feature will sometimes cause the brightness of the screen to flicker somewhat wildly from all the way low to all the way high within a few seconds .
there just was a blog on land of droid covering this issue . the author summed up a few conditions under which this " flicker " occurs : back-light is dimmed under 30% a weak wifi signal the device is accessing the net according to that report , these 3 things are " and-connected " ( i.e. . the flicker occurs when all of the 3 conditions are met ) . he is also hoping for a fix to come soon . you might as well want to read the comments there , some seem to indicate possible solutions ( including flashing a new stock rom ) , but so far none of them are yet confirmed .
as a recent ( christmas time ) buyer with a new device , i can acknowledge this issue with android 4.2 . as per the bug report and the user tests here ( under brightness heading ) , it looks to be a hardware problem rather than software . new devices even after warranty and replacement have shown the same issue ( 4 out of 4 replacements ) disabling wifi optimization/keeping brightness above 30% is seen to fix it only temporarily which is disappointing . as per report update , 4.2 made it worse which could also mean that a software patch can fix this for good in future . but on the other side , there are users who never faced this issue with a fresh buy and 4.2 update . new nexus 7 users may be better off with 4.1 until there is a fix .
turning off auto brightness worked for me .
when you download an app , it is downloaded into a cache on the internal sd card . so the 40mb app you downloaded is already taking up 40mb of space on your internal storage : ( there are a couple things you can do : sideload the app . download just the apk to your external sd card , and install it from there ( there is a chrome extension you can use to download apks to your computer , which you can then transfer to your phone - i have done this , works like a charm ) . you do not need to be rooted or anything for this to work - you just need to go into settings and allow app installation from other than the play store . delete the caches for your system ( and possibly some apps ) to clear up more space on your internal storage . if you are not comfortable finding and deleting the caches manually , such as /cache/download , there are many cache cleaning apps you can download from the play store to do this for you . you will probably need to be rooted for this to be effective , depending on your phone .
that is because normal move to sd card does not move every thing there . if you want to move apps completely to your sd card you will have to root your phone ( i am not responsible for doing something wrong to your phone , although it is rare to brick a phone during rooting ) . rooting ( android os ) -wikipedia how to root your android phone with superoneclick after rooting your phone you will have to partition your sd card ( as you need ) to make it two partitions . sd card partitioning - xda-developers then you will have to obtain one of the following apps to move apps completely to sd card . s2e ( simple2ext ) link2sd although i use link2sd many people prefer simple2ext . optional : if you are going to use link2sd some problems may occur , sometimes it tells you on first to choose your ext partition to create mount scripts so it could mount your ext partition on startup then it tells you to restart your phone and then it tells you the same message . the reason is that mount scripts are not compatible . solution:you must mount it manually using terminal emulator by typing these commands : su mount -t ext* /dev/block/mmcblk0p2 /data/sdext*  note : replace ( * ) with the number of your sd ext partition then you should quick restart from link2sd by pressing the hardware menu key then more then at the end of the list choose quick restart and then confirm . you are done .
when you move an application not everything is moved . namely the application 's data stays on the internal memory . as for your issue , go into settings -&gt; applications -&gt; all  and select clear cache for the listings : " play store " and " download provider " . than reboot .
according to the gingerbread user guide , under settings -> wireless and networks , you should have an nfc option that you can remove the tick from to turn this on or off .
this does not really answer the question , so just for the record if anybody else has the same issue : i do not know about other phones , but small sony ericssons have an interesting feature . they have small buttons in the corners of the screen . one of them is muting the microphone . and . . . as the user rises the phone to his ear , the screen that was turned off for the call turns on because the phone is moving , and the ear hits the mute button with an 50% chance . the other side swears and hangs the phone , so when i finally see the screen turning on again , the button and the mute sign is not there yet .
it turned out that the usb pin of the phone had become faulty and needed to be replaced .
if your froyo is rooted , the hotspot works great-my wife uses her macbook with no problem .
the only tethering methods currently supported on blackberry services are via usb and bluetooth , and even then the only supported method relies on the blackberry desktop software . they do not currently support any wifi tethering or wifi hotspot functionality . i am not aware of any third party software for wifi tethering either , unfortunately . now if you had a froyo android phone you had have no problem :- )
it seems you cannot achieve this on built-in nook app . fortunately , you are using two android devices since there are many solutions for reading on android devices . install moon + reader under the assistance of dropbox on your android phone and nook color . you can also keep the same reading progress in this method . guide
i do not believe that functionality works yet . i have tried to sideload pdfs and plain . txt files and they do not register in " my library " or under " my files " and obviously they do not sync between my devices . i also can not find a web interface for loading non-nook files . i did a little searching around a couple months ago and i found a few unsubstantiated forum posts that claim that it is planned functionality but the android app currently only supports sideloaded epub files . if not , any ideas how i could accomplish this ( other than doing it manually which i currently do ) ? i would say your best bet right now is to do this outside the nook app . sideload ( or wait till jan for the market ) a pdf reader and dropbox or sugarsync onto your nook color to keep your pdfs synced and accessable . * for full disclosure : those dropbox and sugarsync links are my referral links so if you do not already have them and you use those links both you and i get some free extra storage ; o )
evernote will allow you to add pdfs to your notebooks . evernote is available for the nc as well as for android and ios . once the pdf is in a notebook , it'll sync via evernote .
there is currently no way to set a system-wide policy for this . some apps do support doing things on wifi only , however . here 's some info on the apps you mentioned : you can go into the browser settings and uncheck load images . gmail does not load images unless you view a message and click a button to display them . i believe the touiteur twitter client allows you to disable images .
i believe this could be done with tasker but it would be a very long and complex setup ( actually several ) and you had need to know the specific intents that turn the images off in each application .
i got an answer on another forum . the part keeping the phone awake was shown here : mLocks.size=1: PARTIAL_WAKE_LOCK 'com.commonsware.cwac.locpoll.LocationPoller' a ctivated (minState=0, uid=10069, pid=14026)  and by grepping the process id like so : ps | grep 14026  i found the name of the app that was causing the problem .
you could create a tasker profile that sets the ringer volume when a bluetooth headset is connected . i am not sure how to handle the case when you disconnect the headset , though . you would only want to set the volume back to zero if it was zero when it was connected . edit : tasker gives access to current ringer volume via variable %volr in a profile with condition bluetooth connected : set a variable %savevol to %volr set ringer volume to desired level , if %volr = 0 exit task : set ringer volume to 0 , if % savevol = 0
it seems that the messaging app has its own contacts app , with no way to configure it . how about using 3rd party alternatives ? i use go sms pro as replacement for the messaging app , and go contacts ex as replacement for the contacts app . with this combination , you can hide the sim contacts .
there is always the possibility of a vulnerability in some app that could cause your computer/phone to be hacked . browsers are notorious for having bugs that allow the computer to be infected with a virus simply by viewing a page . in fact , one method to jailbreak an early apple ios device was to simply browse to a page that delivered a payload via a bug in pdf ( source ) . android mitigates this by having apps run in their own sandbox . thus , an app that is compromised can only ( theoretically ) compromise its sandbox , which includes any permissions it originally was granted . if compromised , it could not send an sms unless it had that permission originally , nor could it modify other programs ' data . but even sandboxing is not foolproof . if your phone is plugged in to a computer , it can be ' hacked ' . this is proven by most rooting methods that use a bug to get root . programmers could just as easily create a virus for computers that detects android phones and installs a malicious app silently , or even roots them and takes over the phone completely . this talk has some great details on app permissions . it is not necessarily hacking , but it does show how an app with very few , seemingly innocuous , permissions can actually track and do a lot without you knowing . in the end , your android device is a computer , with all the same inherent flaws that come with it . so like a desktop , if you are careful about where you browse and what you install , you will likely be fine .
the browser is a big security risk especially for older android versions . for example : http://threatpost.com/en_us/blogs/researcher-publishes-android-browser-exploit-110810 http://news.techworld.com/security/3250255/android-browser-vulnerability-exposes-user-data/ http://www.livehacking.com/category/vulnerability/android-vulnerability/ for older devices ( on 2.2 or older ) it may be best to use firefox or opera mobile browsers , which you can update regularly , unlike the built-in browser .
the phone is normal hacks are hard to avoid . but i limit this to happen , you just find a way for your phone to install a good antivirus software and download limit applications of unknown origin .
you can indeed . disclaimer : rooting may brick your device and invalidate your carrier and manufacturer warranty . i did not write the guide below ( full credit is due to the poster on xda developers , and i have left the words ' my ' in place but it is his work ) , and it is your responsibility to check you are happy to proceed . here be dragons . this guide was written in july of 2013 and i can not say for sure if it will work on android 4.3 and your particular bootloader at all . i have not tested this method . rooting form a pc is easier and has less scope for human errors and is liklier to work in general . this xda thread is relating to the sprint version but should apply to the s3 general . prerequisites the following files are attached to this post for convenience . download and install the apps , download and extract the zip file somewhere convenient . superuser by koush ( must be this one . you can change it later if you so desire . ) terminal emulator by jack palevich ( must be this one ) zip file , extracted somewhere convenient the goods these generic names will be used : /path/to/motochopperdir - this is the full path to the extracted motochopper-mobile directory or folder . example : /sdcard/motochopper-mobile ( will vary depending on where you extracted the files ) . note : after running the script , motochopper may or may not print " failed " , but the exploit does indeed work regardless of this . make sure you reboot for changes to take effect . download the attached zip file and both apps . install terminal emulator and superuser ( use a file manager , navigate to the downloaded . apk files and click on each file to install them ) . open up terminal emulator and type the following commands . press the enter key after each command . code : from there , my setup . sh script will handle the rest of the process . if you are still unsure , see my sample run below . sample run ( files were extracted to /sdcard/moto ) the links : android term . apk super user motochopper
to my knowledge , there is no computer-less method of rooting the samsung galaxy s3 unfortunately .
i have not tried it but i think it should work just like the app market enabler fakes the sim id .
as far as i know there is no standard for sending coordinates ( such as a uri scheme like gps://[latitude],[longitude] ) , but you could use direct links to google maps . the format is https://maps.google.com/maps?q=[latitude],[longitude] . this enables most phones to create a link from the text , and the coordinates are easily available for copy/pasting to other apps as well .
you can encode your location in message by using locationmanager and smsmanager . check out these questions : stackexchange-url stackexchange-url
unfortunately it is a known bug introduced on nexus 7 with jelly bean 4.2 . in previous version 4.1.2 auto-brightness was criticised as slow in reaction on light changes and now in 4.2 it is just opposite , over-reactive . from one bad to another bad . but i agree with you that even previous not so good behaviour was better than what we have now . someone cure it by sticking small semi transparent tape over light sensor . but it is only temporary and ugly workaround , we can hope for correction in the next version , or downgrade to previous 4.1.2 version .
i am not sure if you have a first question , or if i understand your first question . but , if you are looking for an app to read nfc tags , just search for " check nfc " in google play . there are a lot of apps there . if you want to enable the nfc on a device , go to Settings &gt; Wireless &amp; Networks &gt; More... &gt; NFC . this is also how you check if the device can read nfc . to answer your second question , please look at conor 's answer in this question : is it possible to use android beam between an android device and another nfc device ?
some phones just can not support call recording because of how the hardware is designed . if you have tried several apps , and none of them work correctly , that is probably the case here .
i have the same problem and also installed many callrecoders , but all gave the same problem . i downloaded the audio files from my phone and loaded them into a sound editor ( i.e. . sony soundforge ) . i played the file 5.5 times slower and noticed that they played well , i could understand the conversation perfectly . so it seems that all is recorded only played back 5.5 times too fast . this is a problem which can not be corrected within the phone . my advice : download all audio files to a computer , convert and save them with the new speed . they will work fine !
if you are not sure if you need root , you do not need root . there are any number of alternative launchers you can install that will give your device a custom look-and-feel and add/adjust functionality from vanilla android . heck , there are launchers that can simulate the look-and-feel of iphone and windows phone . have a look on the play store for " launchers " or " home screen replacements " .
using the llama app , you can set up a “silent” profile with ring and notification volume set to zero , then add some people to the “noisy” contacts list in the profile to be able to hear rings from them ( not sure about sms ) . you can either select the needed profile manually , or add rules to switch them automatically ( according to the current time or any other events supported by llama — there are lots of automation possibilities there ) . note that in this case people who call you will just get no answer ( although your operator might support some form of call redirection after a timeout ) . other call blocking apps may have different behavior ( e . g . , immediately redirect unwanted calls to voicemail ) , but llama cannot do anything with incoming calls except silencing the ring .
i think ultimate call blocker free might be what you are looking for . you could also try some of these : call control call blocker
i used z4root on samsung galaxy 3 , and it was quite smooth . the easiest way to root ( unroot ) android .
the xda post for z4root says that it is 100% compatible with samsung galaxy s and will provide a permanent root option . v1.2.0 : unroot support , fix for devices with small max file size such as i5700 , binaries in xbin rather than bin so it says it will unroot ? i have not used this method to root any phones , so i can not vouch for it .
z4root was a very nice simple app ( at least , v . 1.3.0 worked for sgs on froyo 2.2 ) , but after i upgraded samsung galaxy s to gingerbread ( 2.3.5 ) , this rooting method became nonfunctional . the phone can be rooted with superoneclick though .
i have rooted my sgs with z4root and it was a very smooth process ! i can highly recommend z4root ! and while you are at it , continue with installing one click lag fix to make your sgs lag a lot less ! i did it , and have not looked back since . oclf is made by the same guy who made z4root , but for some weird reason , oclf can , by itself , only root pre-froyo phones . but that is not a big problem , you just need 2 apps instead of one : )
android supports moving apps to the sd card since version 2.2 ( only for apps which allow it ) ; however , this feature can be disabled when building the rom . apparently samsung decided that about 9 gb of user-accessible internal memory should be enough for apps , and disabled the “move to sd” function in their stock roms for the 16 gb galaxy s4 model . however , there are recent news that samsung heard complaints of 16 gb galaxy s4 users and enabled the “move to sd” function in a software update .
just to answer this question in case future users have it . i believe in htc sense when a call comes in and the screen lock is there it should say slide up to reject the call and down to answer .
if you can not turn the phone on , you are screwed . i am not sure what you think the internal storage is apart from " electronics": it is a chip soldered to the main board of your phone . next time , try to make a backup before you get your phone wet . it is much easier that way .
internal storage does not not use the circuitry in the phone . there is no telling what is been fried , but an audible sound is not good . next time you drop your phone in water , let it dry before you try using it . plug the phone into a pc using it is data cable . if it mounts , extract the data . if it does not mount , check the pc 's device manager and see if any devices are showing up in the list that are not being recognized by your os . if there is nothing there , then you are pretty much out of luck .
i have noticed that when i connect my phone with high voltage socket for charging it always shows charging percentage , but when i use a low voltage socket ( using extension box , spike or similar things ) it shows only " charging " .
open the phone app . tap the number *#*#4636#*#* before you can hit dial , a screen with some info will pop up , including an option for battery info . tap that and it will list . source : droid incredible
the database file obviously is not encrypted , see : browser webview . db does not store hotmail password , but i can still auto log-in hotmail . why ? which shows the user was able to read data from its tables . but they are protected using " file permissions " -- so aside from root only the owner ( i.e. . the app ) has full access to them . you now will probably argue you said having rooted your device . so far , so fine . but did you use your " root powers " when trying to access those databases ? just having your device rooted does not mean all stuff automatically runs with root permissions ( see : do all applications run as root on my phone after rooting ? ) . the app you are using to open those files must itself have requested ( and be granted ) root permissions -- or they might get either no or only restricted permissions on files they do not own .
using ashell and asqlitemanager you can open and view this database and any others that are on your device
the wifi password imho is only setup once , when you configure your device 's hotspot . lateron , you simply activate/deactivate it . to automate the latter , you could e.g. use tasker : profile " autohotspot " : condition : " device boot " task : " wifi tether " &rarr ; set on with this profile activated , your hotspot would be automatically be enabled as soon as the device has completed booting up . for the " bonus point " you mentioned : there is a free 7-day trial available on the tasker homepage . you can download the .apk to your computer , and use adb to install it on your device ( adb pm install ) . . .
while i can not help you with the copy-paste , i do recommend using an automatic solution to convert the files . conversion to pdf might help if adobe reader for android will let you copy newlines , or you could have a &lt;br /&gt; tag inserted after every paragraph , etc .
have not tried , but this seems to be the solution : if you use titanium backup , after you have re-synced your gmail/facebook/etc . contacts , restore the " [ contacts/calls ] contacts storage " , reboot and done . this of course assumes you also back this same setting up prior to wiping/loading a new rom
yes it should work . if you look at your contacts in gmail you will see an extra piece of data that stores the link information . at least mine have that for my htc desire . this is what i see . &lt;HTCData&gt;&lt;Facebook&gt;id:123456789/friendof:123456789&lt;/Facebook&gt;&lt;/HTCData&gt;  this means the sync data is not stored on your phone at all , just as part of the contact info in google .
i believe backing up the data for the contacts storage and restoring it should restore linked-up contacts . you can do this with an app such as titanium backup ( requires root ) .
go into your contacts tab . press menu > display options you can then select ' display only contacts with phones ' also there is a list of accounts with ' choose contacts to display ' above it . if you select each one of these you can choose which groups to hide or show , this may be were the numbers are being hidden . also within your text messaging app , you can press : menu > settings and there is a setting that says ' only mobile numbers ' deselect this as sometimes it hides numbers thinking they are not phone numbers when they are !
i finally found the solution for this problem . follow these steps : backup all your contacts open appmanager and goto " all " tab search for this app " contacts storage " and clear its data reboot device restore your contacts . . . done .
this may sound dumb , but have you tried to scroll the view ? or if there is really no space left to view the text list , just hide the keyboard ( return key ) .
no . unlocking the bootloader will do nothing for google play . even rooting will not do anything by itself as far as phone compatibility goes . to get access to the apps without device restrictions , you must have a rooted phone . you then must edit the build . prop file to change your phone model to one that can install the app in question . see this android . se question . to get access to the apps without country restrictions , no root is needed . you must instead have a proxy whos ip address is inside the particular country desired ( generally the u.s. ) . or you could create an account via a u.s. proxy on your desktop , then push the apps to your linked device despite it is out-of-country location ( see this explanation ) . alternatively , you could have a rooted phone and download market enabler .
unlocking the bootloader will have no affect on the play store and what apps you have access to there . the main benefit of unlocking the bootloader is to be able to flash a new kernel and/or rom to your phone . in the past i have seen people post modified versions of the play store that have the country restrictions removed from the app itself . i am unable to find a current one at this time . as far as device restrictions go , they are set by the developer . a developer can specify certain device parameters for the app to work on within the code itself or can specify it from the google play store developer console . this is why you may find apps outside of the play store that may say in the play store that they are not compatible with your device , but that will still install and run from a sideloaded apk .
place in every directory , you want to be excluded by the media scanner , an empty file named " . nomedia " . then restart your phone and the ' marked ' directories should not be indexed any more .
just rename the folders with dot in front . eg : newfolder to .newfolder and restart the phone .
i recently ( two nights ago ) installed skype on my xoom , and it appears to work fine , with chat , video , and audio calling available . this was on the uk market , wifi version ( so no provider issues ) , stock 3.2 . this is the market item i have installed .
please , give some more details . a quick guess . . . if skype is unavailable in market , then probably you need to uncheck " settings-> application-> fast boot " option .
there is a checkable/uncheckable option called block offensive words under settings → voice input and output → voice recognizer settings . for samsung phones , the settings are named slightly differently : from the settings app , try language and input → voice search settings → block offensive words . this of course only works with the integrated google voice recognition . for android 4.3 ( and possibly earlier versions ) : settings → language and input → google voice typing ( settings ) → block offensive words
settings , language and input , voice search settings , then uncheck " block offensive words " ( thats for samsung phones )
actually , with 2.3.5 . x version of gmail app , google added more notification options , although well hidden within the settings . in the main screen of the gmail app : press the menu key , go to more -> settings . tap on your google account , scroll down to the Notification settings section and ensure the Email notifications option is enabled . on the same screen , tap on the Labels to notify option . here " inbox " and " priority inbox " are always listed , as well as any labels you have created on the gmail 's web interface . for each label that you want to specify or change notification options , tap on the label , and in the pop-up window you will be able to select the following options : email notifications : whether or not to display the icon in the notification area when new e-mail comes in . ringtone : allows you to specify a custom ringtone , or set to " silent " for none . vibrate : specifies options for when/if to also vibrate on new mail . notify once : when checked , will only display notifications ( and sound/vibrate ) once for new mail until you dismiss it , otherwise will notify for each new e-mail . tap OK button , exit out of the settings , and you should be all set .
i finally figured out how to fix this . what i did i did a double factory reset : nothing happened . downgraded to android 4.2.2: nothing happened . downgraded to android 4.1.2: nothing happened . upgraded to android 4.3: nothing happened . factory reset : gallery appeared ! upgraded to android 4.4.2: gallery did not disappear !
in settings , see if you can find something called " application manager " . when in that , find the " all " list . see if the deleted app is still listed there . if yes , there should be a few options to clear the data it stores , use them . i am not sure how your android looks like , but they should generally be the same . if that does not help , you can use this app : clean master - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cleanmaster.mguardhl=eng i use it on my private phone , and it seems to do good when it comes to free up memory . however , i am unsure if it work on your phone , as it does not list all versions it supports . it is also free . you can also connect the phone to your computer again and see if you can remove the app data manually , however , how this can be done differ between phone models , and it can be risky as the data you want to delete might not be found so easily .
you are probably sol since the battery is dead by now . still , on the off-chance it is not , check out plan b ( described at http://www.digitaltrends.com/mobile/how-to-track-a-cell-phone/ ) . when you install an app through the play store on the computer , it is automatically installed on your phone . if you used some service that syncs photos or other data somewhere else ( e . g . syncing photos to picasa ) then you could find everything you backed up there . if you did not , then you assumed this risk by placing all your eggs in one basket and never transferring data off of your phone . perhaps your service provider had some automatic backup software running ( e . g . verizon backup ) in which case you could contact them to ask how to recover data . the fact is , if your data was that important , you should have taken steps to protect it ahead of time , and you should not have waited so long to try and locate the device ; and now you are faced with the consequences of that negligence . if you choose to keep all of your critical data on , say , a thumb drive , or an external hard drive , or a cd/dvd-rom , and you have no backups and you lose that device , then , whoops , that is the risk you assumed by keeping it all in one place . it is the same with your smartphone . steps to protect it include anything that generally backs up your data elsewhere ( be it specialized software that syncs photos , or general software e.g. mybackup pro ) , and any software that may help you locate the phone if it is lost ( see the link above for more tips there ) .
after moving the app off the sd card to the phone i did not even have to take the sd card out , it updated fine . check with following links 1: http://www.androidpolice.com/2011/04/19/fixing-the-couldnt-install-on-usb-storage-or-sd-card-problem-on-android/ 2: http://www.newbiehelper.net/2011/05/solve-install-on-usb-storage-or-sd-card.html
you can find the file smdl2tmp1.asec in the folder /mnt/secure/asec/ . as dario said erase it : )
a fix i have found and that works is to mount the sd card on a pc , open the * . android_secure* folder and delete a file named smdl2tmp1 . asec . it seems that it is a leftover file from a previous ( failed ? ) installation/update that prevents another update to run correctly .
since this is getting a lot of views , apparently , i will answer my own question about how it was fixed . the other answer is a distinct possibility , and it seems that quite a few problems cause this behaviour . i wound up contacting samsung , and the rep promised resetting the cache would fix it , and it seems to have done that , so now i have a heat free phone that i charge every 1-3 days .
on these phones , the behaviour you describe can be caused by a corrupted sd card filesystem . the media scanner runs all the time , trying to read the sd card . this problem immediately suggested itself as a possibility as it would be natural to move the same sd card to your new phone , transferring the problem there . that would explain why it started right away . you can check if this is what is happening by going into the device settings , then battery ( on the more tab ) . if this is the problem , media scanner will be at the top of the list . once you have confirmed the problem , take out the sd card from your phone , put it into an sd card reader in a desktop computer , and use the computer 's filesystem check ( i.e. . fsck on gnu/linux , scandisk on windows ) to repair any problems . even if you checked the battery stats and it was not the media scanner , that might give you a hint of what has been causing the problem .
first of all you should download the stock rom : xda forum - micromax canvas juice a77 [ root , recovery , roms , etc ] [ mtk6572 ] after that , if you only changed that file , you can extract it from stock rom and replace it in your phone ( check to assign the right permissions ) , factory reset and your phone should work again . if it is still not working you can flash the whole rom . btw factory reset only resets your /data partition it does not change /system because that is not supposed to change at all , so factory reset will never restore files in /system . it is always better to backup the original files before you change anything .
i had this problem too for a long time but have found that the key to stopping this glitch is to turn off the predictive text option in the keyboard settings every time you experience the 1st character input only problem . personally , i like the predictive text being on 99% of the time , but some web pages ( email providers mainly ) are not configured for predictive text to be used , so i keep predictive text on and just turn it off whenever i come across a web page where i experience the 1st character input only problem . to turn it on/off simply hit the cog button on the keyboard and where it says predictive text , just swipe the slider to the left , to the off position . this will allow whole words to be typed instead of just 1 character at a time . then , once you have finished typing , you can hit the cog again and turn predictive text back on .
not really , no . it is generally up to each individual app to control how often it checks for updates and raises notifications . not all apps allow you to control that ( except , of course , for turning off notifications for that app altogether . )
i downloaded a free app called timezone changer to fix this problem . still do not understand why samsung disables this .
i had the same problem and network-provided values are locked/disabled and i am not able to change them . however using clocksync works for me .
you can go into the calendar app and under settings there is a checkbox titled " use home time zone " . check that box and then you will be able to adjust the time zone .
the problem is that the " automatic time zone " setting on the samsung galaxy tab defaults to on , and the preference to disable it is missing from the built-in settings application . there is an app on the android market specifically designed to correct this issue called galaxy time zone fix . it mimics the " date and time " section of the built-in settings application but adds the missing preferences .
uncheck " automatic - use network-provided values " . it should be the first entry in Settings -&gt; Date and time .
i could not get it to change timezone or time either . could not make it stop using network time either . i did a factory reset ( from settings | privacy ) , correctly set my timzeone this time before saying use network time , and that worked fine .
put the sim in another htc mobile like wildfire and go to settings &gt; call &gt; cell broadcast &gt; uncheck it and delete any subscribed channels like 50 .
if anyone got problem with cell broadcast sms or service messages , just first save the channel in any name and just block that channel in message block list . if can not block in default sms application , just download any sms application from android market ( i used handscent sms ) and block the channel
put the sim in any nokia handset and deactivate the cell info to stop the irritating broadcast messages .
i managed to fix the problem myself in the end . the solution : i has to flash the boot . img file . to do this : download the cm update from here that matches the update you installed . make sure you choose the correct device as well . ( htc one x is " endeavoru" ) unzip the file , and copy the boot . img file to c:\android\android-sdk\tools ( or wherever you have the android dev stuff installed ) . boot your phone into the bootloader ( power button + volume down for htc one x ) and choose fastboot from the menu , using the volume buttons to go up and down the list and the power button to choose . connect your phone to your pc via usb . it will install fastboot drivers . open a command prompt window and cd to the \tools directory mentioned above . run the command fastboot devices to make sure your phone is connected . if it shows , run fastboot flash boot boot.img to flash the boot . img file to your phone . finally run fastboot reboot to restart the phone . your phone will go through the " android is upgrading " process and you should be back in business once that finishes . you will also need to flash gapps or any other custom mods/addons you had installed before upgrading . there are plenty of guides online explaining how to do this .
have you tried to wipe data/factory reset and wipe cache partition ? this worked for me when i flashed the rom on my galaxy s3 .
a faster way odo it is download the cm rom to yu micro sd card and istall the update ( by the waythis only works if you have a clowckwokod or teamwin recovery ) then install then go to installupdatefromsdcard1> downloads ( or whatever folder it may be in ) > yes and let it insall , the n re-root the device after update is installed then after root file is complete reboot into recovery and reset device and reboot after that it works
it does not look like you can control the data connection for your facebook notifications . you can have notifications on or off . you might consider increasing your notification interval to reduce the impact of the notifications . ( i see no need to receive fbook notifications every 30 minutes . ) there may be a tasker ( et al . ) " recipe " which can turn on/off facebook notifications based on location , existence of wi-fi , etc . , but i do not have any knowledge there .
try installing an app firewall such as droidwall ( needs root ) and disallow 3g access for the facebook app .
switch the sim , answer no when whatsapp asks you to switch numbers . ref : stackexchange-url if you switch sim after installing whatsapp , you are good to go with the old number . the servers " save " your activation phone number during that initial sms . i tested it on my own phone ( it is a gingerbread p1000n - all hail the venerable p1000 ) with a borrowed sim card , the app just kept sending messages with my old phone number . whatsapp did not ask to switch numbers . there is a " change number " setting . if you reinstall the app while switching sim , then you have to restart and get a new number . about what is usually done when travelling , i can say from the world cup visitors we received , several just bought a new temporary sim card after arriving here in brazil . the local phone companies even set up special and attractive prepaid plans for the football fans . ymmv anyway , and you should check your home carrier overseas fees and the local fares . usually you can get a better deal buying a trowaway sim . here in brazil we even do it when traveling to another state . if you want to keep your number and still enjoy the reduced local mobile internet fees , you can try and get any old android device that can do tethering ( or buy a unlocked mobile hotspot ) , and then insert the other sim into that device , then tether the internet to your main phone using the old phone as a mobile hotspot . just turn off data and use wi-fi . on verizon 's global ( not really global ) plan , i urge you to read what peter shankman wrote of his personal experiences with that . my advice , is : do not . or if you do , monitor closely your fees .
from the question comments , you have not calibrated your battery ( in a long time or ever ) . you need to do a proper calibration : do a full charge of the device 's battery . use the device until it turns off on its own . do a full discharge of the battery . one neat trick is to get some game that has wakelock ( does not let the screen turns off ) and leave it running with the device on a well-ventilated place . after the device dies of low battery , wait for it to cool down and turn it on and use it a bit more . when it refuses to turn on at all , its fully discharged . plug it in and let it charge to max . this will set the flags for full and empty battery , and the meters should be accurate . if the problem persists , your battery may be damaged . if the device 's battery is still under warranty , take it to the service center .
click on the handle ( a solid dot ) on the right side of the red horizontal line above the orange line , and drag it down to 500mb . that adjusts the scale of the graph . look for the lime green arrow at right to see the handle .
you can always hide the exchange contacts if you do not want to see them . in the contacts app :
install battery monitor widget , and the companion app process monitor widget . these will display and log the battery temperature and cpu usage respectively . process monitor will also let you see a list of the most active processes . this may help you learn what is happening on the phone before you go as far as restoring factory settings or flashing .
hacker solution : root it and flash a new kernel . mainstream consumer solution : restore to factory settings and see if that helps , or go to your wireless carrier store and have them flash your phone .
it is device internal codenames . reasons : device specifications is secret before release . after release , firmware not renamed , to exclude misunderstanding for developers . one device may have different firmware versions , depends on target market and hardware configuration ( modem , nfc , wi-fi settings ) .
for galaxy nexus these are different builds : takju : devices sold through the play store in the us . contains the google wallet aplication . yakju : devices sold through google outside the us . yakjuxw : devices sold by samsung . if you buy yakjuxw i would recommend that you update to yakju with factory images provided by google . this way you will get the updates in time . i was not aware that there are similar builds for the nexus 7 .
this is an exert from a guide to manually install android 4.2 takju on non-yakju galaxy nexus written 14th nov . 2012 available at : http://webtrickz.com/guide-to-manually-install-android-4-2-takju-on-non-yakju-galaxy-nexus/ following the availability of nexus 4 and nexus 10 , google has begun the rollout of android 4.2 jelly bean ota update for galaxy nexus and nexus 7 as well . android 4.2 is currently available only for takju variant of gsm/hspa+ galaxy nexus and luckily google has also released the android 4.2 factory image for takju galaxy nexus . apparently , non-yakju galaxy nexus users wont receive this new update anytime soon as their phone is updated by samsung whereas yakju and takju firmware are updated directly by google . however , users with adequate technical know-how can easily convert their non-yakju ( yakjuxw , yakjuux , yakjusc , yakjuzs , yakjudv , yakjukr and yakjujp ) device to takju to receive prompt future ota updates from google . install yakju or takju ? takju , the firmware that ships with google play store version of galaxy nexus ( in us ) apparently receives updates faster than the yakju variant . so , it’s better to choose takju over yakju .
have you tried plan b ? you can install it from the market after you have lost your phone and use it to find it is current location . for your next phone , i would recommend cerberus - i reviewed a bunch of security apps , and it is definitely the clear winner .
if the data was not encrypted : everything . the data on the removable sd-card can be easily accessed , just like a lost usb-memory-stick . the internal flash storage can also be read out via some , admittedly sophisticated but practical possible , approaches . afaik no data that you sync with the google cloud is encrypted . it is always wise to install some remote wipe tool , like pyko said . even if they are not foolproof and can not provide a " secure delete " functionality , they provide some security and raise the bar to read out your data . hint : the an . sx security tag provides some further related information for such cases .
you could do that using e.g. tasker , the mighty automation tool : condition : monitor start ( i.e. . , tasker was started ; alternatively : device boot , i.e. boot process finished ) task : run shell , with your command as parameter if you like it more fancy , you could even use variable randomize to generate a different mac each time . . .
i feel like this could be done with a bash script or editing the init file to include the command you have here .
use chainfire 's app called pry-wifi which does exactly that .
how about chainfire 's tool pry-fi over at xda , works great : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2631512
there an app developed to deal with that issue , smart timeout keep screen on by guidology available from google play store : smart timeout allows you to specify apps that will keep the screen / display on . once there are no specified apps visible on the screen the normal screen timeout is enabled . works great while reading articles in web browsers , email , or any app you specify . you will no longer need to worry about touching the screen to prevent the screen from sleeping , dimming or timing out . ain't free , costs 0,76€ , but " saves " you from the described annoying situation : )
if you are connected to wifi , then it may be set to turn off when the screen is turned off . you can use the video linked below to explain how to do it , in essense : go to the system settings select wifi press the menu key select advanced change wi-fi sleep policy to ' always ' video
i saw this issue on my moto x . i also had the wifi sleep policy to always and the download would freeze once the phone went to standby . i found that if i put the play store in the background , it will continue to download and install .
though i do not know about any " official way " ( did i miss some option in the playstore app ? ) , i can think of a work-around using tasker ( or a similar automation app ) . as a long-term tasker user , i can best describe it for this app , which is the most feature-filled and complete automation solution for android ( but for sure not the cheapest and easiest one ) . you might be able to adapt that to a different tool . tasker combines " conditions " with " tasks " to so-called " profiles " -- so let 's create a profile " appupdates": condition : app ( select the playstore or whatever market app you use ) task : display ( disable timeout ) that should do it : as long as one of the selected apps ( you can select multiple entries there ) is running in the foreground , the display will be kept alive -- and thus the device from going to sleep . mission accomplished .
there are quite a few apps that can show the pid of running apps and services . one which i use to find a lot of info about what is going on in my phone is the android system info app , you can see the pids of some built-in services in this screenshot :
you can install it , but not everything will work properly . most things should work , but not all . read the forum / thread from where you are downloading the rom . if you are okay with a few things not working you can get it . otherwise , you might want to wait till a rom is ported out for your particular device . you can read the xda forum thread what is the difference between 3110 and 3113 ? to know what people have got working and what did not work for them .
you can download this app ( adbwireless ) and connect to it via wireless , using the wifi without the cable you can connect directly via a address as shown by the widget/app . usually its the following : adb connect 192.168.1.x:5555 
you have to tell adb to use tcpip adb tcpip 5555 adb connect 10.0.0.2  then to go back to usb mode adb usb 
in order to get a font of the regional language you will first need to root your device . follow this in order to understand what does rooting a device mean and this question on how to root . there is one more site which is providing rooting specific to your device after you have rooted the device then you need a file manager application like es file explorer now download the font file open es file explorer ( give root access open the file explorer> config > give root access ) copy your font file and paste it to ( root ) /system/fonts set permissions as 644 or rw . reebot/restart your device . now if you want to give gujrati as the input font download the keyboard app from the play store . rooting your device will void your warranty and you will be doing on your own risk . please understand the risk 's or data loss involved and go ahead only when you have the complete knowledge of it .
root the mobile first . then install the app " font installer " from play store . download some gujarathi font , keep it in sdcard and install through font installer app .
you need this soft which capture packet on android http://lost-and-found-narihiro.blogspot.ru/2012/11/packet-capture-on-android-tpacket.html
first , please make the question match your description ( in description you wrote s3 , in question s4 ) . to your question : i think it can be disabled in wifi menu . press the hardware " menu " button , then go to settings .
you can construct a mount out of something like sugru . your mount will remain stuck to the dashboard and you would have to make it in such a way that the nexus would slot into it . for the elimination of doubt : i do not have any association with sugru . i use it to mount my iphone on the dashboard .
is this a sd card that you have used for a long time on other devices ? do you , or have you , done a lot of writing to it ? sd cards have a limited lifespan , so the less amount of writing you can do to it , the better . you might want to do a chkdsk on it to see if it finds any bad sectors . if you find any , that would be your culprit . i have had sd cards last for about a year and then files start disappearing , etc . that is when i would use it for everything - as the main sd card ( swapping it ) , which means a lot of writing as apps save their data , backing up nightly with titanium backup , saving photos , caching , etc . once i learned about the limited lifespan of sd cards , i finally retrained myself to not use it as the main sd card . now , i do weekly backups , once a week and i only store my music on the sd card , and photos that i take with the camera . the latest sd card i have has now lasted over a year which is longer than the others before it . also , quality of sd cards is a given . do not go for the cheaper , off-name brands . they do not last long . it is better to shell out a few extra bucks and get a name brand .
this happened to me both with my samsung galaxy s4 and with my galaxy note tablet several times . samsung products in particular are very specific about which microsd cards they can work with . the general advice for this situation is to buy a samsung brand memory card for the phone , as there should be less issues with it . before you try that , make sure to format your current card on your tablet . formatting it on your pc will result in a slightly different memory format that may not be as compatible with your tab . here are instructions on how to format your card : http://eguides.sprint.com/support/eguides/samsunggalaxytab3/index.html#samsung_galaxy_tab_3_ug/format_a_memory_card.html this will delete all data on the card , so make sure to back up your important files ( if any still remain ) before you format the card . best of luck to you !
there are other apps which allow users to view whatsapp conversations without starting the official whatsapp application . whatsapp also performs a backup of your conversations and stores it on the sd card ( internal or external , depending on device ) . it is possible that when the new user entered his credentials , the app detected a previous backup and allowed the new user to import the old conversations in . afaik , whatsapp authenticates the app with the sim card that is present in the device . so , your new chats should not be visible . in any case , prudence dictates that when selling a phone , always perform a factory reset and wipe the data off the internal / external sd card ( s ) .
how about this ? information from here
my tablet was connected to my home wifi and then stopped . sitting in the same room as my router it reports the connection as out of range . i am using an old router set as an access point and everything else ( android phones and laptops ) connect to it just fine . to correct the problem i went in and reset the channel on the ap from 13 to 11 and voila instant connection .
it is not easy to know , but : 2 posibilities : check that the ip address configuration is correct . dhcp is properly configured , if needed . if you can not connect , try to change the security of your wi-fi . . . check if the mac access is enabled . good luck !
this is a quite old d-link wifi router . it likely needs to be either replaced or a firmware update . it may need to be re-configured to use different channels , to be compatible with the samsung galaxy ace .
llama ( free ! ) can also do this for you , and some say it is better than tasker . with llama , you can configure certain " areas " that trigger " events " when you enter them , or leave them , or are in them . you can also trigger events by time of day , or combine areas and times . a trigger can change the sound profile but also turn other services on or off - for instance , it could turn off wifi while you are neither home nor at work except during weekends .
you need to install tasker and then install profile 4 tasker which will allow you to manipulate your cm profiles via tasker .
another good app for changing the volume is  audio mode switcher . there you can do everything according to automatically switching the audio-profile in one app . you can define a weekly schedules to switch to a given profile . you can schedule multiple start and end times ( i.e. . when you go to sleep etc . ) . it also offers a calendar integration , where you can choose to switch to a certain mode at a defined event . these events can be chosen according to their calendar and/or keyword based - i think this is very useful i.e. i can mute the phone if the word " cinema " is in the title and mute at all events in my work-calendar . furthermore location-based switching is also possible .
i have not tried it , but circlealarm mentions : handling an alarm that rings during a call .
i believe i have one of these device ( mine is branded as something else but the us brand is the viewsonic gtablet ) . i cannot recall if i have tried to do a screenshot with ddms or not . i do not know why the forums you read would say adb would work becuase adb uses the same method as ddms . i will try my device when i get home from work today , in the mean time , i have read that these apps should work with the device . all of these are paid apps , they may have a free/lite version but i dont know if they will work for your issue . screenshot er - requires root screen shot it - requires root no root screen shot it - no root required ( but i am not sure if this works )
go to the people application , then press the menu button , choose View , and fiddle with the checkboxes . you need the first one " only contacts with phone numbers " , but the others could also be of use if you have a lot of different data sources . this is on htc desire with 2.2 froyo .
i do not have an htc phone but on my samsung spica running rooted eclair ( 2.1 ) , here 's how i restrict a particular group of contacts . start the contacts app . press menu > display options select " show only contacts with phones " ( personal prefs ) below that will be a list of google accounts linked to the device - each one will have system groups like family / friends / coworkers / my contacts etc in addition to user created groups such as " archived " like you have created . just select those you wish to display and leave unchecked the groups you wish to ignore . hope this helps .
boot into recovery mode , and connect your device to your computer ; then mount your device 's internal memory/sd card and download the corresponding firmware for your device ( ensuring that you have the correct firmware , or you will brick your device ! ) . after this , flash the firmware via the recovery , bearing in mind that it will wipe the current version of android from the device . samsung devices are usually very good , as they keep personal data such as music and photos separate from the system partition , and so your personal data should remain intact . with this in mind , attempt to back-up your device first ( your recovery function may have the ability to do this ) . try and establish a connection with adb using the ramdump mode ( usually volume down+power+home ) , and it may work . otherwise , adb requires a fully functioning device to work ( for security reasons ) . before installing something that modifies the way your device works ( such as chainfire 's mods , beats ' sound driver , etc ) , always back-up your device first ! only you can be blamed for not taking a backup before you installed the mod .
it " should not " change anything other than adding permission to su , and perhaps adding superuser permissions app and busybox . it really depends on what method you use , though , there could be glitches that might delete something .
i am doing this rooting and all day long . . . . rooting does not erase anything or delete anything but if rooting method does not apply properly you motherboard can be locked or damaged . it is always prefer to take backup before doing anything . . you can get your contacts from your email account but notes , tasks are stores in phone memory by default . but after rooting you can install clockwork recovery but do not wipe anything . . . .
will that erase anything on the phone rooting itself should not erase anything ( except for , maybe , temporary files created during the process ) . however , on some devices rooting requires to first unlock the bootloader -- and that usually includes a factory-reset ( which means : all data and user-installed apps are gone -- which you can work around on android 4.0+ performing an adb backup \u2013apk \u2013shared \u2013all \u2013f /path/to/backup.ab before performing the unlock , and adb restore /path/to/backup.ab afterwards , as compro01 pointed out in below comment ) . will it change anything other than the ability to run app ( s ) as rooted ? yes . as the necessary binaries ( usually su , SuperUser.apk/SuperSU.apk , and busybox with all its symlinks ) are pushed to the /system partition ( which otherwise is mounted read-only ) , it will change that partition . might sound trivial now , but the thing is : some ota-update s ( and other updates shipping directly from the manufacturer/provider ) first compare the partitions checksum . if that does not match ( and it will not after rooting ) , updates might be refused/failing . on the other hand : if those updates would not fail , you might lose root when they are applied . if they include a full /system image , that is .
i have rooted before and it does not erase anything .
no rooting does not erase anything in most of the cases , it instead provides you with extraordinary backup capabilities . when you are rooted , you can backup almost anything ( user apps , system apps , all app data , call logs , sms , game progress , wi-fi access points , . . . ) that can be easily and seamlessly restored in case of a factory reset or otherwise so loss of the data . i have listed some aspects of rooting at my blog- http://www.androidandrooting.blogspot.in/2013/05/all-about-rooting.html
you can obtain the apks for flash for all versions of android directly from adobe in their old version archives . http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/archived-flash-player-versions.html scroll down a bit and you will find " flash player for android 4.0 archives " and " flash player for android 2 . x and 3 . x archives " . these include the last versions of each released before abode dropped flash for android .
how long have you used the feature ? on my gnex , it took roughly 2 work weeks for the feature to adapt to my work hours , which are 8:00-16:00 , so not that complicated . if you are working in shifts or by some other schedule , it might take longer for the feature to learn when to show which destination .
the reason you are getting that error is because your /datadata cache is filling up . the way i solved it on my phone was to get the marketfix app from the market , and run that . it is a small app , so you should not have any trouble downloading it . this probably does the same thing you found , but you only have to run it once .
always the way , innit ? 5 minutes after i ask , i stumble across this . it is not super elegant but its success is in its simplicity . simply replace the dedicated /cache partition with a link to the internal sd card , and bob 's your uncle . has to be repeated on reboot , so not perfect , but way better than not installing at all !
summing up the solution from the comments and expanding : this process basically includes two steps : create a backup transfer it to the windows pc wirelessly a further pre-condition for the following is that the device is rooted , which is the case here . create the backup depending on what you need to backup , there are different good solutions available ( you can see the backup tag-wiki for more information ) : with a custom recovery such as clockworkmod , you can create a nandroid backup helium - app sync and backup can be used to create an adb style backup of all your apps including their settings titanium backup does backups of all your apps , data , settings , etc . , and has proven well over all the years all three options store their backups on the sdcard . so if your device features a microsd slot , you could even simply take out the card , and attach it to your pc using a card reader . this generally works without a cable , and such could also count as " wireless " : ) one thing you might need to care for manually are the media files , and other downloaded/manually created stuff . usually , this is stored on the sdcard as well – but that could be the internal one , so in case of the " card-reader option " you might need to copy stuff to the external card manually , which can be done with a good file manager such as es file explorer . transfer via wifi now for the wifi transfer . this can be done with the just mentioned es file explorer , which includes a " samba client " to access windows shares : just share a drive from your computer , and then copy all files over . this also can be done " the other way round " , pulling the files : with e.g. airdroid you can access your device from any web browser . airdroid includes a file manager , and lets you upload and download files . another more elegant variant , especially if you want to automate things , is to use a sync tool . here you might want to take a look at foldersync : as the name suggests , this app lets you synchronizes files and folders . like with es file explorer , you can use samba/cifs here to access a windows share . elegant permanent solution : set up scheduled backups with titanium backup , and set up a matching sync interval for tibu 's backup directory with foldersync . that way you always have an up-to-date backup off-board your device , in case of brick/loss/whatever .
it seems you have lost your folder structure ( "albums" ) due to the bluetooth transfer . a possible solution would be to copy not over bluetooth but rather with a computer ( usb ) or over wifi and a network share , to retain the folder structure . there are many file managers available in the play store which can use network shares . you may also consider using dropbox or that kind of service .
if both the devices have nfc then try that or else as @markus has said you can only do is transfer only through the usb cable . usb cable is a better option for faster data transfer and the best part it retains the file structure in the way it was stored on another device . for that first you need to store the file as it is on the system later connect your xperia and transfer the same file . usb transfer is best for moving files > 10mb ( more then 5-6 photos ) to reduce time whereas nfc is best for single or couple of photos
according to an enlightening blog post by nikolay elenkov the master password is derived from your screen lock password or pin . these screen lock passwords are limited to 16 characters but do not have any rules by default ( unless you have a device administration policy enabled that enforces something different ) . assuming you have not done anything different than the normal encryption process , these should be the password restrictions you are bound by . as an aside , according to nikolay , there is no character limit or rules on the master encryption password fundamentally .
if your device is rooted go to the terminal after each boot and enter <code> sysctl -w net . ipv6 . conf . default . use_tempaddr=2 sysctl -w net . ipv6 . conf . all . use_tempaddr=2 </code> for automatic activation you could also add these lines to /etc/sysctl . conf <code> net . ipv6 . conf . all . use_tempaddr = 2 net . ipv6 . conf . default . use_tempaddr = 2 </code>
what you are looking for is http://code.google.com/p/market-enabler/ " market-enabler is an application to fake the phone 's location and access markets from other countries . android market is separated into regions ( country and carrier specific ) and some apps are just enabled for a specific country and not available to the other countries . "
i think slideme is the best android alternative market available right now . there is an app that you need to install in order to buy apps directly via your phone . there is also getjar - a number of devs are releasing their products on getjar before or along with releasing them on the android market .
the amazon appstore for android lets you buy apps via amazon , but apparently you can only do so if you have an american account ( i have not tested that ) . there is also pdassi . it does not have all apps ( for example autodesk 's sketchbook ) , but you can buy some apps with paypal .
your old mobile phone was not really " off " when you turned it off .
i did an " experiment " with my phone ( samsung nexus s , android 2.3 ) : settings --> date and time --> automatic --> off then i manually set the time to a wrong value ( real time + 5 minutes ) . i switched the phone off . with off i mean really off , not standby , the status when the alarm does not work . after a few minutes i turned it on again . the time displayed was still the wrong value i set before , i.e. the updated current real time + 5 minutes . this means that the phone should have an internal clock that works even when it is off . in reality it may not have one , but it should store the delta between the current time obtained from the network and the time i set ; however this seems to be quite unrealistic . so , this makes me think that android phones have an internal clock with its own battery , and this should be able to make the phone boot at the appropriate time . could be something missing in the android os itself ? p.s. : does anyone know if it it possible to make the phone wake up at a specific time ? if it was , we just should make it boot five minutes before the alarm is set . . .
there is no power to the phone when it is off . it is actually off . the android os is designed to use minimal power when not in use . if you have a problem with the battery dying overnight , it is probably due to a third-party app .
after setting your alarm , instead of powering off the phone , turn airplane mode on . this way the operating system is closed to an idle state with the clock running . htc could link holding the power button to turning airplane mode on and going to standby . an then when the user holds the power button again to turn the phone on , the phone would actually perform a restart . the power on/off function would appear the same as before .
neither . unlocking is entirely unrelated to the os .
if you use apex or nova launcher : they have an integrated " activity browser " . just long-press on an empty place of your homescreen , select to add an activity . activity selector in apex launcher ( click image for full size variant ) browse to the sound app , and see what activities it offers . as those " preset selectors " must be available as " screen " to interact with the user , they should have declared an activity ; with some luck they did so " publically " , and then its listed here . as you can see in above screenshot , there is not only the " descriptive name " displayed , but along with it the package name ( if it is the app entry , as the first one in the screenshot : " locmgrpd " = " com . android . logmgrpd" ) or the activity to call if it is an activity ( second and third entries , e.g. ) . once you found the matching activity , you can use that to call it from tasker .
i do not know what your app did , but i find it strange that it is no longer booting . i would suggest trying to get your device in to recovery mode . i have never done this on a non-rooted device so i am not 100% sure you can do a factory reset from the " stock recovery " . but i know you can do it on a rooted device . i found these steps , but again , i am not sure if this pertains to only rooted devices . turn your desire off , now hold the volume down and power button in to boot into hboot . now use the volume button to navigate to boot recovery and select it by pressing the trackpad button .
updating is sufficient . i think clear is for cases where you are offline and can not update .
just in case you are not aware . hope this is relatedly helpful . be sure to not press and hold when finishing a session . just a quick press and it will go into suspend . to resume , another quick press and the screen comes back in about 1 second .
it may be worth noting that the boot time for the nexus one is about a minute . i think the expected use pattern of android devices is ' always on ' , so it is been optimized for everything but boot time .
unless they are something physically defective with your device your options are pretty limited : install a rom designed to boot quickly ( not sure that any exist ) install a rom based on a less resource-intensive version of android ( but there is no point in getting a xoom if you do not run 3.0 imo ) use an app like autostarts to prevent some apps from loading upon boot ( this probably will not help your boot time before you see the initial lock screen , however ) all three of these options require root access , so if you do not want to root your xoom then i can not think of anything you can do to decrease your boot time .
have you tried a file explorer like es file explorer or my files , which comes with later versions of android ? if go to the download folder is the half file present ? a completely downloaded file will present a long list of options if you long press the file , allowing you to cut/copy/rename/delete . possibly it will also appear on a halfway complete download to allow you to delete . then revisit the gmail message to restart the download if you want . remember that the target folder might have been specified other than the download folder . good luck .
i have been using my galaxy nexus with kubuntu 12.04 and 12.10 and have not needed to use a specific eject command . saying that , here are instructions which will let you mount and dismount your galaxy nexus safely . with this method you can safely mount/dismount and you should still be able to use adb to pull and push files to/from your device . ( source ) : connecting your ice cream sandwich phone or tablet to ubuntu for file access before you begin , try plugging your phone in and see if it works straight away . at the time of writing , the only official android ice cream sandwich phone is the galaxy nexus , and mine doesn’t work . but future ics phones might work , depending on whether they have an sd card slot or not , and whether they support exporting the card as usb mass storage . if it works , you should be good to go . first up , install the necessary tools : sudo apt-get install mtp-tools mtpfs  now , connect your galaxy nexus to your computer . on your phone , open up the notification drawer , and click on “usb connection type” . make sure that mtp is selected . then , run these commands : mtp-detect | grep idVendor mtp-detect | grep idProduct  you shall get an output like this : note down the numbers written in front of idvendor and idproduct , you’ll need those later on . now , run this commands : gksu gedit /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules  a gedit window should open up . type this text in it , all in a single line : SUBSYSTEM==\u201dusb\u201d, ATTR{idVendor}==\u201dVENDORID\u201d, ATTR{idProduct}==\u201dPRODUCTID\u201d, MODE=\u201d0666\u2033  replace vendorid with the idvendor you had noted down earlier . similarly , replace productid with the idproduct you had noted down . in my case , they were 04e8 and 685c respectively , but they might have been different for you . also , remember to re-type the quotes in the line after you’ve copied and pasted it , otherwise udev may output an error . if you’re in doubt , you can copy the same line from this pastebin instead and then replace productid and vendorid as needed . save and close the file . then , disconnect your phone and run these commands : sudo service udev restart sudo mkdir /media/GalaxyNexus sudo chmod a+rwx /media/GalaxyNexus sudo adduser YOURUSERNAME fuse  replace yourusername with your ubuntu user name . now , run this command : gksu gedit /etc/fuse.conf  in the gedit window , remove the # at the beginning of the last line ( the one that begins with “#user_allow_other” ) like this : you’re almost done ! now , restart your computer , and then run these three commands : again , do re-type the quotes in each command after you’ve copied , otherwise the command won’t work . connect your phone again , and then make sure your phone is using mtp , then run this command : android-connect  voila ! you can now browse your android phone contents using nautilus . just fire up the file manager , and then in the side bar click galaxynexus to browse your phone contents just like you would do with a usb stick . you can also add , remove and modify files just like a normal file system . you might have noticed that you cannot use the nautilus eject icon to disconnect the phone . instead , to safely remove the phone , just run the command : android-disconnect  from now onward , you just need to run android-connect to mount your phone and then android-disconnect to safely remove your phone . everything else should be handled automatically . i tried many ways of getting the mount and unmount to happen automatically on cable connect , but this was the best solution i could come up with . these two commands won’t require root permissions to run . all users who are members of the fuse user group should be able to run these commands without root access .
first , have you tried to search for this device on http://forum.xda-developers.com ? they should have got the rom and the rooting method for you . note : never try to root or install a rom from someone you do not trust ! again never root the device when its still in use , because rooting the device would remove the warranty of its ! you might brick your device too . you can try to search for the rom by the name . secondly i know the good rooting software , search for bin4ry root ! they will root you device , you can follow steps ! hehehe , you must see the note i provided before continuing the process . by that software , you can first root the device . then check for the cwm support for your device on their site . or you can google it to find the best solution for that phone . after installing the cwm , you can easily install a rom , but again , becarefull while installing the rom , you might brick the phone . good luck , cheers !
a quick google search leads me to believe that the device in question is extremely osbscure . rooting it is probably possible , but almost definitely will not be easy . i was unable to find any methods for rooting it . a custom rom is almost entirely out of the question . i do not think there are any custom roms compatible with the device at all . additionally , i do not think there are any custom recovery options available to you at all . i would say that unless you are very experienced with treading where none have tread before for the device - gaining root manually , hacking , compiling kernels , compiling roms for the device - you are more or less out of luck . anyone feel free to correct me if i am wrong .
well , that may be happening because of bugs . i would say why do not you try testing your battery . you need to remove your battery and put it over the flat surface and then try spinning it , if the battery spins freely then the battery is swollen and needs replacement . i think you should first try checking your battery out .
if you go into the market on your phone , then navigate down to a category ( e.g. , games | arcade and action ) there are three tabs : top paid , top free , just in ( i.e. , new ) i do not know what they use for their algorithm beyond the star ratings , nor if it varies from how things are presented on the official market website , but it does appear to be offering the top-rated/popular apps in each category .
appbrain . com allows you to view the android market and which apps are most popular , most downloaded , hottest . . . all within different time frames .
the web market and the honeycomb tablet market app now have a whole set of pages listing the " top x apps " for a whole set of definitions of " top " . i can not see any way to get to all of these categories in the current gingerbread phone version of the market app , presumably they have less screen room to show all of these different views . here are some direct links to the web market 's pages , if you are on a tablet most of these should show up as links on the market app 's home page : apps top free apps top paid apps top grossing apps ( see this question regarding confusion over what defines " top grossing" ) top new free apps top new paid apps games top free games top paid games top grossing games top new free games top new paid games apps and games combined editors ' choice trending apps to directly answer your question i would guess that most of the " famous " and " must-have " apps and games would show up in the " trending " and " editors ' choice " areas .
in some cases appbrain does not check app compatibility restrictions correctly when deciding to offer the update . e.g. , i have android 4.0.4 ( cm9 ) with the google search app version 1.4.1.299849 installed as a system app ( included in gapps-ics-20120429-signed.zip ) . appbrain shows that an update ( version 2.6.7.721924arm ) is available for this app , but when i attempt to install the update , play market shows “not supported on your device” , because apparently all versions of this app offered on google play require android > = 4.1 .
were these pre-installed apps ? you will not get market update notificatins for apps that are pre-installed , you have to go to the market and manually install any newer versions of the app and then you will get future updates via the market . the same thing happened with my droid . i heard about an update for facebook ( which came on my phone ) , but never saw an update in the market until i searched for it and manually installed the app .
i had the same auto startup loop zero battery problem after 6 months or so of flawless use . the tablet experienced zero battery . upon plugging in the asus , the power supply would start up , go to home screen , and display " shutting down " after 2 seconds . as it shut down , it would show a screen of " static noise " like an untuned analog tv . then , say two minutes or so later , it would repeat without any intervention , and ad infinitum . battery never goes over zero . there is a thread here that is also about the same issue . there is an albeit slightly hard to understand fix offered in the above thread , which started with " plug into pc " . i tried to follow steps without plugging into pc , as i could see no particular reason why this would make a difference , without joy . i then plugged into pc usb . large " battery charging " screen immediately displayed , and i am currently just letting it charge ( if it actually is ) . very odd flaw . i imagine as the batteries get a little older , this may become a common experience for many . i recommend checking the android central thread . i will be replying there with my results . _ just a quick update here ( i did put full process i undertook on the other thread though ) to say it all worked out well , and after leaving to charge from pc , the tablet finally started up normally again . phew . . .
i just had a quite similar problem with my galaxy nexus ( it did not go past the nexus x logo ) and it seems it is not possible to make a backup with a locked bootloader and without root ( at least not with android 4.2 ) . i thought ce4 's method could be a good try and so i unlocked the bootloader and then immediately booted clockwork recovery . next , using adb shell i transfered the whole userdata partition ( ~14gb ) and opening it in a hex editor i saw it is full of zero 's 00 . to be really sure i did a hexdump in adb shell and i saw the same ( should have done this first ) . it is been completely wiped . so unlocking the bootloader does do a full wipe of userdata and cache partitions and it is not possible to recover anything after that . doing a quick search i was not able to find the exact file in android source where it is implemented ( would be interesting . . . ) sometimes android is just too secure . i wish there would be way to backup data from fastboot ( or odin mode ) . with a locked bootloader it could even ask for a password or something . anyway after this my phone did boot again and everything is working . only my data has been lost forever . . . to everyone i suggest to unlock the bootloader as soon as you get your droid and also make backups regularly . . .
i know it is a late answer , but it might help out others . this might seem ridiculous , but this is what was causing the bootlooping on my nexus 7 . my tablet arrived from amazon , i took it out of the box , plugged it in to charge . battery icon didnt show a charge . started it up and it got to the google and the lock , then would restart over and over . so i did some reading and came across this fix . some how the tablet got " jostled " , in other words banged . the tape that holds the battery was not placed properly so it allowed the battery to shift ever so slightly causing the cable to pull apart from the connection . enough to make a bootloop . now the fix pull the back cover off , peel the tape back off the top of the battery , gently pull or twist the battery ( there is double-sided tape underneath it ) to realign it so the cable can be attached correctly . when finished put the tape back across the battery and close the case up . this is just one possible cause of bootlooping , the other answers will also work depending on circumstances .
( edit ) this answer is only really helpful for unlocked tablets . . look after this paragraph if that is already the case . otherwise read on . " fastboot oem unlock " also does a factory reset , you need to have it unlocked before you need it , alas . this is both good for privacy and bad for recovery from half-bricked devices . . . the factory reset does in fact a secure erase which nullifies all your data . according to android : building for devices : $ fastboot oem unlock the procedure must be confirmed on-screen , and deletes the user data for privacy reasons . it only needs to be run once . ( end edit ) you can boot a temporary custom recovery and create a backup of your device . it should also be possible to wipe it afterwards and recover from your problem without having to send it back at all ( provided it is not a hardware issue ) . steps : install the sdk ( if not already done ) and have working adb + fastboot executables ready download a cwm recovery image from here unlock your nexus 7 's bootloader : fastboot oem unlock here 's how to enter the fastboot mode ( the nexus 7 's codename is grouper ) : press power for a second , and press volume down when the bootloader logo appears boot into a temporary cwm recovery : fastboot boot recovery-clockwork-6.0.1.0-grouper.img create a nandroid/cwm backup from your broken installation ( backup and restore-> backup ) after the backup is complete , try to pull all data from your device : adb shell mount ( should list something like /dev/block/mmcblk0p1 on /sdcard or so ( not really sure however ) adb pull /sdcard backup/ ( replace /sdcard with the above noticed directory , this should extract all your data to backup/ ) check if everything is transmitted correctly ) you can buy titaniumbackup+prokey afterwards ( it allows extracting data from nandroid backups quite easily ) if that fails you can alternatively leech everything manually with adb : i assume you use linux . . final step : if you are really sure that you got all your data back , boot back into the cwm recovery ( see step above ) and issue a wipe data/factory reset command . then reboot and re-setup your tablet ( hopefully you do not have a hardware issue ) . optional step : relock your bootloader via fastboot oem lock
sounds to me like you need to roll your own version of the os .
if you merely wish to prevent a user from accessing certain applications use an app that allows you to password protect and thereby prevent a user from using said app . you can then protect the phone , email , market app etc . note however , that a resourceful user can always sideload alternative apps via the sd card or the browser ( if that is not protected too ) and use it thusly . there are lots of app protection apps in the market
uninstalling via titanium will work for removing gmail , market and messaging , but be very careful removing phone . apk , as it is tightly integrated into core services . you might start seeing force closes and other instability from the handset .
are you wanting to block these features permanently , or only while your app is running ? if you want it permanent , why not issue a non-phone android device ? in addition the media devices generally do not come with any google apps installed .
logmein ignition may work for what you want to do . it really remote controls the pc but to truly run a pc app it would have to be on a pc .
if you are a developer , you can install apps directly from your pc by accessing and enabling : Settings \u2192 Applications \u2192 Development \u2192 USB Debugging option. 
do not know if you found an answer or not but here is what i did . it requires desktop visualizer . open chrome on your mobile device and search for " google now add reminder " . this will initiate a reminder card through through chrome . in chrome menu select " share . . . " then select " dvr save to clipboard " . then create the shortcut on your home screen using the desktop visualizer app . found an easier way . . . lol . . . bookmark it and add a shortcut to your home screen .
there is the activity Google Search &gt; com.google.android.voicesearch.fragments.reminders.EditReminderActivity which does exactly what you want .
i do not think it is possible to add a shortcut to the " add reminder " card at the moment . i have had a look through the activities as well and none of them appear to do what you want . there is a " set reminder " option in the menu within google now which may help ? click the three dots at the bottom right ( you might need to scroll down ) and you should see the " set reminder " option .
these are both notifications . to change them or even just find out what they are notifying you about go to settings > my device > sound you can change the " default notification sound " ( even choosing silent , but then you will not get any notification sounds ) and a little bit lower on the menu you can set distinct defaults for specific samsung apps . there are many apps that allow you to choose different notifications sounds ( other than the default that you chose above ) , but those have to be changed in the apps themselves . do you notice any new information in the notification area ( by swiping down from the top of the screen ) when you hear these alerts ?
xda has nothing except for some attempts at getting gingerbread on it . i would expect you are out of luck since honeycomb was not open-source , and porting was therefore very difficult . it is possible that someone will mod cm9 ( android 4.0 ) to run on it , so i would wait and see .
so i combined what you asked for into a single task . you will first create a profile which triggers when a state changes . you will select display state and chose off . tasker can not actually able to tell if your screen is locked , only on or off but we can get around that as long as we know the time it take for the screen to lock . the task is as follows : wait until seconds : 60 until : %screen matches on if %screen matches on wifi set : on stop end if if %screen matches off wifi set : off goto type : action number number : 1 end if explanation of task : 1 . this causes the task to wait before continuing unless the condition is met . the total wait time should be the screen time until lock plus the time you want to wait until the wifi turns off 2 . if the screen turns on goto 3 3 . turn on wifi 4 . stops task 5 . ends if statement 6 . if the screen is off on goto 7 7 . turn off wifi 8 . cause a loop to keep checking the screen status . note 1: this task assumes that wifi is already on to start with . note 2: as the task stands now it will check every minute . if after the first min you want to change the time it waits to reduce battery usage you will add this take to beginning . 1.SET VARIABLE NAME:%DUR VALUE: 60 2.WAIT UNTIL SECONDS: %DUR Until: %SCREEN Matches ON  and add in between 7 and 8: SET VARIABLE NAME:%DUR VALUE: WHATEVER TIME  last note : if you do not want to wait seconds every time you can use a variable for mins or hours like with seconds . you will set the variables for min or hour as zero at the beginning and then change them before you start the loop . to use variables instead of static numbers you touch the symbol of 2 arrows crossing opposite of min/hr/sec . if you have any question please feel free to ask . also since i am new please do not forget to mark mine as the answer if it solves your problem and to upvote the answer
are you using screen filtering apps ? because your screenshot looks red-dim . if yes , disable the screen filter app and it will work again . if you are not using any filtering app , try looking for screen-related apps installed on your phone . this kind of problem mostly related to screen-related apps . try disable them one by one in your settings-> apps and find which one is causing the problem .
i know this answer may be of low quality , having no concrete explanation and all ; but sometimes recoveries behave pretty weirdly . once with my old device , i tried to make a nandroid backup , and it completed within a few seconds . seeing that the backup was basically empty , i ran it again , and this time i can not select the nandroid option . you can try what i did - just select the option with your volume keys as though it is there . just guide yourself with the highlight .
by " project " , do you mean " play video " ? because that might be a bit of a challenge , depending on your network and ( phone ) cpu . to just get screens/presentations , you could connect a laptop to your tv and a vnc server on your phone . if you do want to play media files , and you have a dlna client ( xbox 360 , ps3 , one of the million media boxes like roku ) connected , you can install a dlna server on your android ( search market - there are plenty ) and stream media . plenty of the latest tvs even have a dlna client built in .
solved : http://www.movilesdualsim.com/threads/rom-drx-v0-4-jb-4-2-1-feiteng-h9500-star-n9500.32072/ that is spanish page , i do not know spanish , i never translated it completely . there is one line where it points out that there are some problems with loader and recovery so they made modification . i applyed modification " actualización rom base " . . . uploaded drx4 and it worked like charm . thank you for your time .
the files and folder you see via usb ( or to be specific through the usb mtp protocol ) can be different from the files and folder that are really in the sdcard section on your device . in my case a lot of files and folders in the sdcard section were invisible via usb . after executing the app rescan sd card the files and folders visible via usb were exactly the one that exist on my sdcard section .
go to " widgets " folder , there should be an s memo widget in it . push and hold it . it will give you an option to move a generic s memo note onto one of your home screens . once you have done that , you can open it and choose between making this shortcut an existing note and creating a new one .
can you find s memo in application menu ? if yes then long press on s memo and add to home screen . if no then download from here and do above step also search in widget
you can install the diskusage app toy our phone to see what is consuming the most disk usage and if you can free it up . it is a free app , and is only 155kb in size . i would also recommend es file manager , but it is a few mb in size . but it allows you to view all the directories on your sd card . finally , get dropbox or google+ , they will backup your photos over wifi , so you can delete them from your phone to save space .
you should just be able to swap the sd cards yes and all of the data will be fine , as for changing the number try just moving her sim card over to your old phone , if the phone 's not locked to a network then it should just work .
a permanently unlocked boot loader ( bl ) on a nexus device is a big security risk . it is only recommended for a pure developer phone . an insecure bl enables all sorts of fastboot commands that can be used for e.g. doing the following : conduct a cold boot attack to recover the key for android 's full disk encryption make a copy of the device e.g. by booting a custom image ( adb boot boot . img ) , then copying partition dumps erase data using fastboot erase flash arbitrary android firmware , recovery images or radio firmware fastboot flash radio|recovery|boot| . . . install a root kit ( boot custom recovery , then modify system files ) steal google/facebook/whatever accounts stored on the phone etc . in case someone has their device encrypted , full access is not immediately possible . however there exists cracking software to brute force the used encryption pin/passphrase . altering the firmware is always possible ( i.e. . an evil maid attack , aka . installing a rootkit/password logger/etc . ) this is the normal process of modding a nexus device : unlock the bootloader ( fastboot oem unlock ) boot/install insecure/open custom recovery install custom firmware to secure your modded device you should do this afterwards : install a safe recovery image again ( custom recoveries like twrp/cwm are unsafe ) use the extracted recovery . img from google 's factory firmware file , available here relock the bootloader ( fastboot oem lock ) this breaks the usual update mechanisms like rommanager . in case you need to upgrade , you can run flash_image recovery recovery . img ( as root on the regular android os , it bypasses the bl lock ) to install a temporary custom recovery again and use this once to upgrade the firmware and then remove the custom recovery again by doing a flash_image recovery stock . img . i know , this is not very user friendly right now , but let 's hope the situation improves at the custom recovery front . some background on what is possible : http://hak5.org/episodes/hak5-1205 and http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=um2_cpuzq0o
unfortunately , this is not something that can be done natively ( as far as my research has turned up ) . the next best thing i found were car dock apps , like car home ultra , which force everything to rotate into landscape and/or display a driver-friendly ui . i am not sure if it will work for all versions of android and what other limitations there are but it is worth a try , i guess . if all else fails , try rotation control .
this would seem to require device in which the in-call audio can be sourced/obtained by an application . on the typical android phone architecture , in call audio is handled by the radio co-processor , entirely out of reach of anything running under linux/android - the same reason why you can not really record calls . if you got a rooted phone with ( or hackable for ) usb host support and found a usb audio dongle with linux drivers you could theoretically loop around and plug that into the phone 's headset jack . . . but would not it be simpler just to buy sip gateway service from someone ?
no . at the moment , that is not available . potentially you could port a linux application for this to your android phone , easier if it is a cli application , but as it stands at the moment there is no application that can do what you ask .
this is part of google play store settings . select do not auto-update apps in the following path : google play store> settings> auto update apps> do not auto-update apps this is a global setting , but it may be overridden by a specific setting at the application level . for instance , an application may have a specific setting to update itself , especially if that application came from a 3rd party source . you will need to check those application settings individually and prevent auto-updating there . however , this is not generally true , in fact i think it is a violation of terms , if that application comes from the google play store .
yes , you can use a usb game controller without root and without needing any prior setup . just plug it in and android will recognise it . by default , the d-pad on the controller will work like a d-pad or trackball on the device itself ( if you remember when android phones used to have little trackballs built in ) , and it will allow you to move focus between controls in most apps . stock apps are completely accessible using the controller without the touch screen , but not all third-party apps are . many games ( especially emulators for games consoles ) support using a bluetooth or usb game controller , but not all games do . the idea of apps like the one you mention is to make button presses on the game controller trigger touch screen events , so if you play a game that has on-screen controls but does not support controllers , the controller will trigger the game 's on-screen controls . generally you will get a better playing experience , as well as easy setup , by choosing a game that supports game controllers . if you just plug the controller in , it'll work in any supported apps and games right away . games with controller support usually advertise it in the description on the store , but if you are not sure you can ask the developer through their support email address .
i used to play ingress before , and i was able to update to newer versions using apks uploaded by other players . i do not know if google 's verification process has changed , but as long as it is an official apk ( i.e. . not modified ) , it should be fine . also , according to this google+ thread , the verification process uses google play services .
in go sms you can also : click the menu button click folders go the the outbox folder delete all the failed messages there worked for me - this was driving me crazy !
none of the options above worked for me and i searched everywhere ! eventually , frustration made me look through my previous mms texts sent and i found 3 or 4 that had not been sent with a little yellow warning icon on the corner . one was to a family group with 14 recipients ! ! i went through and deleted those messages/mms with warning icons and then resent the problematic mms . . . and it sent fine ! i have worked it out . samsung galaxy note ii 7105
i figured it out myself . here 's how i fixed it : as it turns out , the message that says " too many unsent multimedia messages " actually means that there are too many unset multimedia messages ( who would have thought it ! ) . i went into the stock message client ( the one that came with the phone ) , clicked the menu button , and selected the " unsent " menu tab . then i clicked the menu button again , and selected the " delete " tab . then i just deleted all of the unsent messages . now it works fine . not sure why there was a limit on how many unsent messages there could be , and i am still not sure why it worked with the stock client , and handcent , but not go sms , but , now it works !
i have a note 3 and had the same issues . go in your settings and check to make sure sms is your default . under the sms program is a setting to make sms your default as well . your default notification on your phone system needs to be turned off so that you do not have multiple notifications . hope this helps .
this has happened to me at least once before . very annoying . in my case i had to check every thread , and scroll up to look for failed mms messages in the thread ( red ! ) . once one fails , apparently nothing else except regular txt will go through until the offender is deleted for some reason . i think i narrowed it down to a message i sent from my garage . with the doors shut and if i am in the back , i get one signal bar if i do not move . i think i attached a pic , hit send , then stuck it in my pocket while it was trying to send . why it does not send later when i get a better signal is beyond me . but , by checking all my threads , and deleteing each one the had a red ! eventually i was able to send the one i really needed to send . if it happens again , i will update the post with more solid information . phone is g'zone commando , android version 2.3.3 hope this helps someone .
from http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1227352 : i successfully merged sms threads by creating a backup using sms backup and restore . just open the created . xml file in e.g. notepad++ , then replace your contact 's old number in the " address " field with the new one . now load the altered backup file back onto your phone , delete your messages from within the app , and restore your newly created backup file . although it worked fine for me on the first try , i recommend keeping your initial backup file , and save your editing to a copy - just in case . using this method , i also fixed some splitted threads , where one contact with one number got split up in several threads , because of an incorrect number restore from backups when switching phones . hope this helps . : ) here 's sms backup and restore
as far as i know this is not possible in the current messages app for any of the android releases . maybe you can consider third party sms apps which handle multi-messages different .
i successfully merged sms threads by creating a backup using sms backup and restore . just open the created . xml file in e.g. notepad++ , then replace your contact 's number in the " address " field according to the number you want to merge with . now load the altered backup file back onto your phone , delete your messages from within the app , and restore your newly created backup file . although it worked fine for me on the first try , i recommend keeping your initial backup file , and save your editing to a copy - just in case . using this method , i also fixed some splitted threads , where one contact with one number got split up in several threads , because of an incorrect number restore from backups when switching phones . hope this helps . : )
http://guidesdna.com/update-galaxy-star-pro-s7262-android-4-4-kitkat/ http://techbeasts.com/2014/02/17/update-galaxy-star-pro-to-android-4-4-2-kit-kat-custom-rom/ i am willing to try this on star pro . not done yet although . do it on ur own risk ; )
i recommend trying to get in contact with some samsung developer on xda forums and request him to develop for the device . there are less chances of this method working but this is the only thing u can do other than developing yourself .
just to let you know that my issue seems resolved installing the latest gapps package suggested by cyanogenmod wiki : gapps-kk-20140606-signed.zip . i followed these steps : download zip copy to /sdcard/ reboot in recovery install zip reboot device during the first boot the device asked me for a backup account , but in the Settings i had still Backing up to debug-only private cache . then i set the new backup transport with $ adb shell bmgr transport com.google.android.backup/.BackupTransportService  without problems .
i think this issue is rom related , the . backuptransportservice should be there . i have checked the list on a similar setup ( lg optimus g , cm11 20140813 nightly ) bmgr list transports * com.google.android.backup/.BackupTransportService android/com.android.internal.backup.LocalTransport  have you tried newer cm versions ? ( also see this thread at xda from nov . 2013 )
you should be able to use the same screen type as the i9100 , the main difference is the processor . samsung galaxy s2 gt-i9100 vs . gt-i9100g comparison guide basically both the i9100 and i9100g have the identical features as claimed by samsung but the only thing that differentiate both is the processor and gpu that the unit run . i9100 run on 1.2ghz arm cortexa9 exynos 4210and arm mali-400 gpu while i9100g uses texas instruments omap4430 cpu and powervr sgx540 gpu .
try , running scandisk on your card after connecting it with your computer . . . it should work
please ensue that the device supports sdhc microsd cards . also ensure that the sd card is fat16 formatted .
you can try forcing your device to ask for a free download slot : settings > apps > all find google service framework in the list , tap on it first tap clear data , then force stop after this procedure the last checked date under settings > about phone > system update should have been reset to 1970 or so . tap the check now button there and see if the update notification pops up now . if this fails even after multiple tries , you can follow a slightly longer procedure described in this post , which involves taking out the sim card . apart from that , you could just wait ( you will definitely get the update with your current config ) or flash it manually .
my hunch is that you will indeed see the update eventually ; i think the schedule depends on your carrier . if you are impatient , you can download it directly from http://android.clients.google.com/packages/ota/google_crespo/9zggdxdi.zip , although i confess i was never able to get that to apply ; you might also try downloading the entire 4.1 image and running the " flash-all " script ; that worked for me on previous releases and thus i assume it'll work for you : https://dl.google.com/dl/android/aosp/soju-jro03e-factory-c9f5a67d.tgz
rooting the atrix 4g does only that - gives you elevated privileges on stock os . in order to be able to install a different recovery image and custom roms , the phone 's bootloader must be unlocked first . this is a fairly complicated process that carries the usual warnings and disclaimers of modifying phone software . it will most definitely void your warranty with at and t ( and possibly with motorola as well , ) so be very certain that your phone is either free of hardware defects , or out of warranty with your carrier before unlocking it . see this thread on xda-developers forum for further details and installation instructions .
i have taken a motorola atrix a couple of months before and all the threads i found have links to " sbf " ( required to unlock ) which have been removed from the net ( i believe by motorola itself ) so basically i could not find any working " sbf " files to be compatible with firmware 2.3.4 nor a version of a program fastboot with inside a command called oem unlock available ( all the versions i have tried are telling me that " unlock is not implemented " ) i was not able to un-lock the atrix for my girlfriend which is very depressing , because the actual rom installed burns the battery in a very short space of time . so , can anybody point me to a website that has a " sbf " file that works with firmware 2.3.4 or a fastboot.exe which has enabled the function oem unlock thanks for help
asc is an app that allow you to record your screen without root , but only for non-tegra devices . i never tested because my galaxy nexus is not supported .
the best and the most simple way and the more beautiful , how to capture/record android screen without root http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4k2udfp4ln8feature=youtu.be
if you are willing to use external hardware , one good option is an external hdmi capture card and a usb to hdmi cable . for example a Blackmagic Design : UltraStudio Mini Recorder is only $145 for an hd-sdi and hdmi thunderbolt device , and a micro usb to hdmi cable can go for as little as $10 . this way the recording does not affect the performance of your device or app . more expensive than an app on the device , but much more flexible .
well , the reason screencast and similar apps require root permission is that the video data has to be accessed using the administrative privileges ( i.e. . roots access ) but you can always use an app such as no root screen recorder to video record your screen . but the problem with this option is that you have to connect your device to a windows computer in order to capture . this is the only option which is available to given you have no root access .
P5110 is the galaxy tab 2 while P7510 is the original . the difference is that the newer ships with ics and has a different soc along with a slightly larger battery , while it is a lightly ticker . the P7510 came out almost a year ago . if you want future software upgrades the P5110 is a safer bet . see that datasheets for more info .
the " dog " you are talking about is atrackdog . : ) it queries your installed apps and compares them to the latest known versions .
you would need a rooted device to do this . first browse the photos you want to download . now open any file explorer app like root explorer . navigate to /data/data/com.instagram.android/cache via root explorer . the files here would be named something like ccf3a266.0 , copy the file you want or entire folder and paste it on your sd card . now open these .0 files in your pc via a image viewer like irfanview . you can sort the files by size to determine large images . the .0 files are cahce files and some of these are essentially JPG image files and quality may depend upon your device i believe because it would download compressed image if the device screen/density is small . ( that is just a theory ) .
use easy downloader for instagram app in android
( converted from a comment to an answer ) this might be a file-system problem . i once got an overfull yaffs2 files system on /data to get frozen and was not able to delete/move/update anything . by executing ' dmesg ' in a terminal or via adb you could clearly see it , was full of yaffs panic msgs . formatting was the only option ( aka . factory reset ) .
two times yes : of course it can be removed , and of course it can be useful . at that place clockworkmod stores the nandroid backups you have created with it , and from that place you can restore them when need for that arrives . in case of an external sdcard , and when space on it is precious to you , you could simply copy its contents to your computer , and then empty the directory . or just keep the latest backup on it . if you need to restore one of the removed backups , it then would be possible to use a card reader , copy them back , and re-insert the card to your device so they can be found .
you can boot into recovery and check how the "/sdcard " is mounted using the command " mount " . if it is not mounted , you can mount it and should be able to get rid of this directory using " rm -rf" ( however , you might like to check the significance of this data first ) . if it is mounted as read-only , remount it with " rw " option and go for deletion . as for moving it to the pc , "/sdcard " is usually visible when the device is connected to windows ( underlying partition is usually formatted with fat ) . have you already tried that ?
the boot . img file is a bootfs partition . i also tried to mount this partition , but in the end i stumbled upon this script . it may help you solve your problem .
i have an " all calls " option on my galaxy s vibrant running 2.2 ( the nero v5 rom specifically ) . i am not sure if it was there on stock .
is not all logs equivalent to all calls ? edit : oh no i see now , it also shows the messages ( i do not have many messages on my phone , so for me this seemed to be the solution ) . sorry , i have not found an answer here .
there is an " all calls " option in " call history " on my phone . ( running 2.2 but on a htc with their ui , which may be different , as pointed out below . ) when i hit " view " , the option buttons are : all calls incoming calls outgoing calls missed calls is this what you are after , or have i mis-interpreted your question ?
i can not comment due to limited experience . where is your question ? try to insert the old battery and see if it improves the network coverage ? a izzy stated , try to turn it off , remove the battery and turn it on again . you can also try to turn on airplane mode for 1min , turn it off and check whether your network coverage gets back to normal . that is what i used when my 3g connection seems lost , it is faster than rebooting . try with another ( a friend 's ) sim card , change location where coverage might be better . the subway has no coverage , you know :- )
that is most likely where the battery is located . i do not know what your definition of " not too cpu demanding " but i know when i use my galaxy nexus for extended lengths of time it heats up noticeably over where the battery is . even when the screen is not actually on and i am not interacting with it , it can heat up due to processes and services going on in the background such as email sync or music playback or social site syncing . this could be part of what is going on with you . also , when i charge it it heats up . there probably is not anything " wrong " with it , just a lot of stuff running . if it makes you feel better , when it starts to heat up , turn it off and take out the battery until it cools down , then put it back in .
switch off your phone when you are not using . lock your phone when its not working . do not running too much apps in same time . do not use the phone while it is charging . do not play games and do not watch videos when it is getting overheated . and i have to tell you something . unfortunately i have got a xperia v ; - )
i use andsmb or andftp over wifi for this purpose . the former accesses files shared via the smb/cifs protocol ; the latter can access ftp and sftp servers . you might already have samba ( an smb server ) installed on your ubuntu machine . if not , i think sftp is easier to set up : you just need to install the openssh-server package , and look at the official documentation to see what options you might want to change . i mention these two clients because i have used both and i know you can use " share " with both of them as well as a file browser interface ; there are other sftp and smb clients available . if you go with sftp , you might go a step further and install a dynamic-dns system on your ubuntu box so you can access it over the internet as well as your own wifi network . if you do this ( as i have ) , it is like having your own dropbox server .
there are multiple possibilities to do so . if the opposite direction is ok with you ( i.e. . initiating the transfer from your ubuntu machine ) , you might want to take a look at apps like websharing or samba server , which require little permissions . airdroid is quite famous , but you probably will not like its permission requests ( with that app you can maintain almost all your device ) . initiating transfers from your android device , some file managers might be interesting . so e.g. es file explorer file manager ( which i use myself ) . this app can even auto-discover your samba resources , so you can directly copy files in both directions . all mentioned solutions work via wifi and require both ends ( android and ubuntu ) being members of the same network .
i was not able to find easy way to make working usb connection between my galaxy s3 and ubuntu . the only solution that worked for me described here : ubuntu - automount nexus 7 in mtp mode . here is list what i did to make mtp working : compile and install go-mtp create mount point create udev rules play around with mount/umount it was not trivial at all , but finally made usb connection working . speed is good and after initial configuration does not require any further reconfiguration . please refer to the link for details .
with the nook color it is possible to both root the tablet and install a custom rom . some users have even gone so far as to setup their nook color to dual boot . in this scenario , the unit will boot the stock nook os when allowed to boot from internal memory , or boot a custom rom when instructed to boot from the sd card . this is likely the scenario you read about with regard to an " android os card " . the nook tablet is quite similar to the nook color , but has been modified from the earlier device to have a locked bootloader that will only load a rom signed by barnes and noble . while it is still possible to gain root permission on this device , it is not ( yet ) possible to load a customer rom . due to this , you may not boot the unit to an alternative rom stored on the sd card . you can , however , install the amazon appstore , google market , gmail , and other apps to get more utility from this tablet . you can find instructions and details over at xda-developers : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1354487
" boot loader mode " is also known as " fast boot mode " hence you need to use fastboot utility to access the device . this utility is part of android sdk , and can be found in the same location as adb - &lt;SDK install location&gt;\platform-tools\
most phones have separate ap ( application processor ) and bp ( baseband processor aka modem aka radio ) . " rooting " results in gaining control over the ap . the carrier " subsidy " lock is residing in bp . most custom roms just include stock ( i.e. . still locked ) bp image as a binary blob . since the bp code is proprietary and never gets released to public .
developers can define the app install location in their app 's Manifest file . as you stated you cannot move apps to your sdcard , this might be the clue : apps having their install location set to the internal storage will be able to install , while those defined for external storage ( i.e. . sdcard ) are failing for the very same reason : they cannot be moved to the sdcard . so your real problem is : why can not you move apps to the sdcard ? to find an answer to this , it would also be helpful to know your android version . i would suggest making this a separate question linking here , and giving some more details on your device and android version there .
this is what worked for me . if the settings-> memory is set to sd card then change it to internal , or visa versa . unmount the sd card . install/update
i do not think this really has anything to do with any settings . i encountered this yesterday . all i did was restart my phone and the app installed fine afterwards .
ran into same issue , removed some really large apps off the phone and it installed fine . guess it was a space issue .
i have android 4.1.1 what i did to fix the issue about installing to default install location . . . . go to settings . . . . then to storage . . . . then the preferred install location . . . . then select let the system decide that is it . u can always change it back to sd card when u finish updating the apps with the issue
the root of the problem is internet sync related . the system is not able to sync internet settings . http://blog.abrah.am/2011/12/sync-is-currently-experiencing-problems.html
while i can not speculate as to the exact reason , you may find the app better battery stats useful in working out where the battery drain is coming from . the app is able to define kernel wakelocks , partial wakelocks and cpu states etc . very useful in helping myself pinpointing problematic applications and extending battery life . the app can be installed as a . apk provided for free by the developer over at xda-dev or supporting the author by purchasing the paid app from the play store
the root permission exists inside the recovery , but not in the normal system , you need to root it in there . there is usually , two partitions recovery and system , as the op indicated , was booted into the cwm recovery which resides on recovery hence is rooted , but not the normal android system .
to restore a nandroid backup , the device cannot be in " normal operation mode " . you have to boot into your ( custom ) recovery ( see our tag-wikis on : recovery-mode / clockworkmod / twrp ) , from where you can trigger a full restore . with clockworkmod recovery , it is e.g. found in the backup and restore sub-menu . stock recoveries do not offer taking/restoring nandroid backups . but as you were able to create one , it is pretty safe to assume you have also got a custom recovery installed to your device .
like you said - it may be a problem with the h/w itself because if its a s/w problem it should've been rectified after hard reset ( in most of the cases ) . if the device is on warranty i would suggest taking it to a service centre asap : )
assuming that you are using outlook when you are at a pc in the office , you could just export your contacts from outlook on your last day , and then import them into gmail . gmail is good at handling csv imports from outlook , and will also suggest duplicates that can be merged and help you to merge them . a few helpful links : export outlook contacts to google gmail ( outlook 2002/2003 ) transfer contacts between outlook and google gmail ( outlook 2007 ) export contacts ( outlook 2010 ) then follow the final steps from either of the above guides for the gmail import stage merging duplicate contacts in gmail
you may want just transfer your exchange contacts to gmail . there are quite good duplicate/merging tools in gmail contacts . use More actions and Find and merge duplicates . there are automatic as well as manual merging modes . you can import csv formatted contacts into gmail from its More actions and Import menu .
if it is stock , and you do not see an " export " option , you are probably toast . i know cyanogenmod allows contact export to sd card in vcf format , at least in version 6 ( do not know about 7 , do not run it ) . cm4 did not allow contact export . i can not imagine a system administrator allowing rooted phones on their network .
yes , it is normal . think about what a rooting app does . it exploits a vulnerability in the operating system to get elevated privileges , and drops a new binary so that it will continue to have those privileges , completely subverting the security of the system . in a way , a rooting app is a virus . you certainly would not want to install one by accident , so it is correct that your antivirus should warn about it . if you want a " clean " method of rooting , the only way is to use the official method , by unlocking your bootloader and using the recovery to root .
how the webpage is displayed depends on your choice of brower and your settings . chrome on my devices by default displays webpages by width in desktop mode , so i see the same content horizontally on my phone and nexus 7 . but i would say the web browsing experience on nexus 7 is much better than on a phone due to the large screen , you can definitely see more on the nexus 7 ( vertically ) . source : i have an original note ( larger screen than nexus 4 ) and nexus 7 .
to remove any icon from the home screen , be it a widget or an app shortcut:- tap and hold to pick it up a bin/trashcan icon will appear drag the icon onto the bin drop it
try changing the channel that the wireless is hosted on . i have had this recently with two different devices ( one android ) where my wireless did not appear in list of available ssid 's . in both cases it was in the 5 ghz spectrum and moving my n to a different channel fixed the problem . apparently certain driver do not implement the full spectrum properly .
i think you should contact your home wifi broadband for assistance . if you already did this , i think the problem is in your own tablet
you will not be able to update them , they have been pulled from the market by either the developer or by google . pda net for example was recently pulled by google . you could see if the developers offer an alternative means to download , either from their website or a 3rd party market , like amazon app store . then remove then from your device so they no longer appear in your google market . then reinstall them via the 3rd party market , or by " sideloading " them .
short : yes . you can send your photos as email attachments and delete them from your phone . it will free up your phone memory . but there are other options which are better than this . you can use cloud storage facilities to back-up your data and access them anytime and anywhere you want . more details about widely used cloud services can be found in this answer .
while you are calling you should press the " + " button . if you are at the home screen and then press the " + " button , the ringtone volume will be louder .
erasing your phone internal memory i have not tried it but using android fastboot or an recovery rom it should be possible to overwrite each partition on your device . fastboot also supports an erase command - i assume that this erase can not be considered a secure erase . therefore a secure way would be to overwrite to the two partitions userdata and cache ( and may be others depending on your device ) . the image used for overwriting should be as large as the partition . erasing the sd-card sd-cards can easily be " undelete " using a card reader and a common pc . therefore it is strongly recommended to wipe it . best way would be to use an sd-card reader on your pc and then use a tool like wipedisk .
make sure you back up any data you will want from both the phone and the card beforehand . a factory reset will clear all user modifications to the stock software ( installed apps , files , etc ) , leaving a clean device . for the card , go to settings - sd and phone storage ( or some similar menu ) , and select " unmount " and then " format sd card " or " erase sd card " . this will erase all data from the card .
for the internal storage of the phone you can only do a " factory reset " , this will leave your phone with the default factory configuration with no apps installed or any configuration . it is not a " safe method " of deleting the content , but you can not have access to the physical internal storage so this is all you can do . for the sd card , as @robert said , the best option is to extract it from the phone and put on a card reader in your pc and use some " safe erase " software . the one @robert mentioned , wipedisk , is free and reasonably good , so it’s a good option .
i reconfigured the router to resolve the problem . the settings that work include : g rather than the other options being b and g/n . this looks like the setting for the suffix on 802.11 . wpa-personal aes of course other settings may also work and might be more secure but i did not try them .
aha i have found it : the emails were still in the trash . once i viewed the trash , highlighted them all , and than choose the ' delete permanently ' , than when syncing on the device , the ' deleted ' mails were gone too . gathrawn was so convincing in his reply that they should have been deleted , i investigated some more . . . thanks . i will keep my answer here , since it might help others in the future .
to upgrade your phone to official lg 's ics release do the following ( remember to backup all your important data before starting ) : go to official lg support page for your region , downloads and manuals section scroll down to search by keyword and input this : Optimus-2X-P990 , click the only result . scroll down to downloads click the tab software update follow carefully all the instructions there .
i have had the same problem since upgrading my rom . the solution i am going to present will lead to the loss of unsent emails , so copy them to somewhere . you have to clear the application data . to do that you go to : settings > applications > manage applications look for gmail and clear data it will synchronize again with gmail servers and the problem should be solved . send a test e-mail to yourself .
samsung galaxy s2 . . . same solution touch click " incoming settings " which looks like a label rather than a field
changing your account setting will allow you to access your e-mail , but will not reset the google account synchronization . after you update your passwords in the accounts of the security section then open the playstore application . the playstore application will then notice your change of password and will prompt you for the new one . give the new password and that is it .
in samsung galaxy s2: settings > accounts and sync > ( select your exchange email ) > account settings > ( select your added account ) > scroll down to sub heading " sever settings " > exchange server settings under that heading is : domain\user name password exchange server settings the phone does not prompt you for a new password . that would be nice if it did , instead of continually updating you with notifications that it could not connect to the exchange server .
the phone should prompt you for the new password once it gets an error back from exchange . if it does not - you can try removing the account and re-adding it on Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync page .
Settings - Account and Sync - &lt;your exchange account&gt;' - Account settings - (scroll down) Incoming settings' - password field . on my samsung galaxy s - running froyo 2.2.1
apparently i was closing out of the install app too early . when you install swype ( the actual app , not the installer ) , and press done , you must wait about 2 to 4 seconds for a dialog box to appear to " enable swype " . do not press back ( and then try to enable swype via the keyboards in settings ) because it will not work ! swype has to show this dialog box in order to create a license file . more info here .
short answer : no . explanation : this action would involve multiple steps : re-mount /system read-write write the hosts file to /system/etc/hosts re-mount /system read-only each of the step requires root permissions , as the file belongs to system:system and usually is read-only to other " users " .
no , you cannot edit the host file without root privileges . but , if you have access to the internet connection on which your kindle in connecting , you can modify dns entries there . your kindle first looks at its host file , then asks the dns server to resolve a hostname . provided you have admin privileges somewhere in the chain , you can insert your own record ; since you do not have admin access on the localhost ( kindle ) , you go further up the chain to a link where you do have admin rights . if you are going over cell data or are on a wifi network that you do not own , you could instead set up a vpn to a network to which you do have full rights . then set up whatever dns records you want ( in the hosts file of the vpn server , or some other method ) . when connected to a vpn , your device should query the dns server over vpn , thus giving you control once more .
if you mean that thingy in the notification bar that upon touching let 's you chose your desired mode -- that is still there with launcher pro as it has nothing to do with sense and launcher pro has nothing to do with your notification area ( unless of course you decide to disable it )
you can use chrome to phone and copy the character from the a web page and send it to the clipboard on the phone . then you just paste .
try activating the numeric keys ( i believe this is done by tapping on the "12#" key to the right of the spacebar ) , then hit the shift ( or &uarr ; ) and that should bring up some alt . symbol keys .
hopefully it is the same as on the evo : how to type a pipe "|" on an htc evo android 2.2 edit : looks like they may have used the wrong ascii / utf-8 code for the pipe , so it looks the same/similar but is not actually the right character . ( reference : verizon forums ) i suggest replacing the keyboard then . xda has a 2.3 keyboard that should work , it requires root and rom manager to flash it .
no worky . htc is not calling the correct ascii code for the " pipe " symbol . it seems there are two of them in existence . one is a straight vertical bar ( | ) ( supposed to be ascii #124 in base-10 and 7c in hex ) and one has a small gap in the center , it is also called the broken line or the broken bar and was used in the old ibm ebcdic character set . the confusion is that i have seen unix keyboards with the broken line representing the pipe symbol . however , the broken bar is not part of the ascii set and i have no clue what htc used for its ascii representation . on second thought they must be using an iso/iec 8859-1 representation : the vertical bar is 7c ( hex ) and the broken bar is a6 ( hex ) . there you have it . all i can say is that my invisible wireless network has | in it and as long as i hide it , i can not link to it with my incredible . making it visible and joining and then making it invisible again does not work as a trick . annoying !
another good choice : you could e.g. install ( and use ) hacker 's keyboard , which has special connectbot support even for function keys etc . : this keyboard is especially useful if you use connectbot for ssh access . it provides working tab/ctrl/esc keys , and the arrow keys are essential for devices such as the xoom tablet or nexus s that do not have a trackball or d-pad . see e.g. the following screenshot , and have a closer look at the "\" key : another screenshot is quite self-explaining : so no need to freak around with copy/pasting from web pages , entering cryptic codes , or the like . simply use the right keyboard , relax , and enjoy : )
the wikipedia page at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vertical_bar has a nice , big pipe symbol right near the top , easy for copy and paste . bookmark that page .
the issue you are referring too is well reported on google support forums , as it seems to be affecting many users and/or devices . all points to an update ( s ) that raised the issue with certain devices . you can go around this problem until it gets resolved : step by step : access your device settings ; touch on " applications" ; scroll down until you find the " google play music " app ; touch to open it ; touch " clear data" ; if any updates have been installed , on the upper right corner of your screen you should have a " uninstall updates " button , touch it to revert to the previous version ; it may ask your confirmation about going back to the previous/factory version , in that case , confirm the action . prevent recurrence : to prevent this issue from raising anytime soon , you should also disable " auto updates " at least until a new update is launch and the reviews are positive : open the " play store " app ; touch your device " menu " button ; select " settings" ; locate and touch " auto-update apps" ; touch " do not auto-update apps " . quoted answer from google support forum : go into phone settings and select &lt ; applications> scroll down and select . . hit and then upper right corner select it will ask if you wish to go back to old factory version . . . select ok . should fix problem . any app you wish to update manually uncheck allow automatic updating . read the reviews first to see if updates and new versions do not have bugs . good luck
this might be a new feature of newer versions of android ( i am using 4.4 ) , but i can easily mass install apps from the Play Store . how to mass-install apps with the play store : open the play store go to my apps go to all keep your finger pressed on an app that has not been installed yet for a second or so . now the play store goes into selection mode , you can simply select all the apps you want and press the " install " button at the top when you re done .
assuming you have previously installed appbrain and synced your device , you can do the following : from google play market download and install appbrain and fast web installer apps . open the fast web installer and sign in with your google account ( same one you are using on play store ) . open the appbrain app , and sign in with your appbrain account . go to preferences , and then use the " enable fast web install " option . under menu go to " more lists . . . " option , select the previously synced list , tap the " add all apps " button , and tap the back button . tap the " execute " button , and after reviewing the permissions tap the " install " button . this should download and install apps in batch , without having to confirm each one separately . you can also create lists of apps via appbrain 's site , and these lists should show up in the app .
i do not know of a way to do this . i recently bought a new phone , and to save myself the tedium of manually installing 40 odd apps , i went to the google play store using a desktop browser . it will already have a list of apps you have installed under my apps , so you can quickly spin through the list and install them - you do not need to wait for each app to install .
you can install titanium backup in your old device and backup all " user installed " apps + data to sd card . in your device , put this sd card and install titanium backup again and restore " user installed " apps + data . though i have not tried this across devices , i had tried this with same device using different rom . i had backed up from a stable rom and whenever i install a new rom i would use the above method to install all my apps with its data . i had already asked this question and it has been answered referring titanium backup .
app updates notification can come from the app themselves , but most commonly they come from the play store . play store will notify you for any updates to system apps ( i.e. . apps that originally comes with the phone ) and apps that are installed through the play store ; it will not notify you about updates to side-loaded apps our apps installed by third party market . third party market may also have their own update notification mechanism ; which is completely unrelated to the play store update mechanism . they may or may not provide update to system apps , although most do not . amazon app market for example also provide updates notification . note that update notification on third party market depends on the app developer updating the app on the third party market , some developers might update their app on play but not on third party market or vice versa for various reasons .
I noticed on another android phone there were "updates" such as new Youtube, Gmail, etc. I never received a notification for these on my device.  go to play store app in your device and hit the menu button and go to my apps you can see the installed apps list here . select any app and you can see the check box Allow Automatic updating below the application screen shots . check this and you will be notify every time when the updates are available and it will automatically update if you are connected with any network ( edge/wi-fi/3g ) . Are these delivered via Google Market.  ofcourse , they are delivered via google market . or is there another app I can use to update these other than Google Market?  no , there are no other apps that you can use to update these apps . if there will be any app that offers updates they will ultimately redirected to the google market .
first , there is something off about the model number you mention . gt-i9505g is the model of the galaxy s4 google play edition that you purchase directly from the google play store . it works well with all us gsm carriers ' hspa+ and lte frequencies , but i am not sure about its compatibility with canadian carriers . in canada there seem to be two variants of the galaxy s4: sgh-m919v which is sold on wind mobile , eastlink and videotron , and sgh-i337/sgh-i337m which is sold on canadian bell , rogers and telus . your trouble may be because you flashed incorrect version of clockworkmod recovery and cyanogenmod rom , which are incompatible with your phone 's model . seeing how you are on rogers , you should be using recoveries and roms made for the sgh-i337/m variant . the device code for this model is " jfltecan " . the corresponding cwm recovery can be downloaded here , while cyanogenmod rom can be downloaded here * . * according to cyanogenmod 's latest post on g+ , september 6th and 7th nightly builds have issues with being unable to boot on most devices . use sept 5th build to be safe .
found this on google after having the same problem , turns out the screen was just off but the phone was still booting , so try leaving the phone for a few minutes after the samsung gt9505g logo goes off .
the nightly builds of cyanogenmod are for testing only . they are not suitable for a phone that you actually want to use . the nightly build can be completely different from one night to the next , and might not even have passed any tests . not booting at all is a very likely outcome ; the next day , it might boot fine , but corrupt your filesystem as soon as you try to use it . if you want to install cyanogenmod on your phone and actually be able to use the phone , you should download and install the stable build . if you want something that is newer and not quite so well tested , but still likely to mostly work , you can try a release candidate version instead . there are no guarantees whatsoever for the nightly build . looking at the cyanogenmod website , it appears there is not a stable release for your device yet . perhaps this is why you tried the nightly build . if there has never been a stable release for your device , it is even more likely that the nightly build is in an incomplete , not-working state , and will continue to be until the volunteers can test it on real devices and fix all the problems . that said , there does seem to be a release candidate for 10.1.3 , so that is probably the best choice . the bad sd card error you got might be a symptom of the nightly build having corrupted your sd card . before trying to flash a new rom , you should try to put the sd card in a pc and scan the filesystem for errors ( e . g . using fsck , or another method depending on the os your pc uses ) , or use a fresh sd card . after that , try again to flash a stock rom or a stable release of cyanogenmod . supporting 10.2 on your device would take a lot of volunteer time , and devices to test on . if you want to help get a stable release for your device sooner , you could offer to help the developers with your time or money to support the development . details are towards the bottom of this page .
i would try the first approach , and have the system pronounce the name . to do so , a simple tts app like auto speak clipboard 2 will do : install it , copy her name to the clipboard , send out all cats and your girl ( to avoid their punishment ) , and have that app speak what it thinks the name should sound like . have some valerian ready in case you freak out ; )
i transferred the cm9 files with dropbox and flashed . the issue did not persist after flashing .
try http://www.fosshub.com/myphoneexplorer.html for me works like a charm , i have fingerbread 2.3.5
you can use mouse using usb female cable i can use this cable to control my huawei assend d then you can remove the lock to avoid interruption
requirements your phone must be rooted you need a usb cable you need a pc usb debugging must be enabled android sdk or at least adb must be installed on the pc you need to be familiar with command prompts/terminals tutorial connect your phone to the pc open up a command prompt to connect the phone terminal , run adb shell to emulate a power button ( to power on the device ) , run input keyevent 26 to unlock the screen , run input keyevent 82 your phone now is unlocked ! notes this did not work for me but it is confirmed to work with others references to see a list of useful adb commands , visit this site advices install a vnc server on the phone such as this one , and install a client on a pc such as this one , and connect the pc to the phone and then you can use the phone on the pc directly
you can use a usb cable and buy a usb mouse so that you can use that [ a mouse ] instead of touch screen . check out a usb adapter for android that fits your budget [ and make sure it is compatible with your device ] and purchase it .
if you have windows pc try this . back up any data in sd card and save it in pc . insert your sd card in any card reader and insert in pc press Windows Key + R and the run dialog should popup . type in diskpart and hit enter . once diskpart comes up , type list disk . ( this will show you all the disks that are attached to the system . you will want to note the number of the one that is your sd card/flash drive . you should be able to distinguish it based on it is small size compared to your hard disks . ) select the sd card by typing select disk number ( eg:select disk 2 ) type list part and it will show you what partitions are already on the disk . next to remove all the partitions from the disk just type clean . afterwards type list part and the console should say that there are now no partitions on the disk . ( if you need more than one partition goto step 8 ) type create partition primary and this will create a new partition that fills the available space on the disk . you can type list part to confirm that the new partition has been created . goto step 11 if you want it a particular size add the size parameter size=20 eg : create partition primary size=100 ( with the size in mbs ) select the new partition select partition 1 ( you can list partition using list partition command ) now format it to fat32 format FS=Fat32 label="SDCARD" repeat 8,9,10 to create more partition ( you can use exfat instead of fat32 if you have more than 4gb sdcard , you can omit the label part if not needed ) thats it now you can close diskpart and eject the sd card and insert in your android
when my friend 's send me photos through a text message through their iphone 's i am unable to retrive the message . it says that it is downloadimg . . . but it never downloads . why is this the case ?
a few things you could try . . . ( good luck ! ) reset the messaging app settings> menu> applications> manage applications> soft menu key> filter> all . scroll to the messaging app and tap that . tap clear data , clear defaults , then force stop . powercycle the phone . test mms . if it fails to resolve the issue go the messaging application and tap the menu soft key> settings> menu soft key again> restore default settings . alternative messaging apps try chompsms or handcent from the market . download the message first i forget how you do this exactly :o/ maybe long press or menu button ? then try viewing the image from the gallery app .
i fixed it : ) in case somebody is in the same situation , here is what i did : i flashed my phone to its original rom using flashtool ( if u dont know how to use it go here ) thats it thanks everyone
try holding the " back " key while turning the phone on . it sounds as if the phone is in a boot loop . why did you need to install busybox in the first place ? cyanogenmod ( and most other custom roms ) already has it included . i would recommend re-flashing cm6 again .
why could not you just make another google account ( they are free ) named something like familyname . schedule@gmail . com and use it to sign on ? it would make it easy for the family then share family events with that calendar and keep their own calendar private using the invite function built into calendar .
as noted in the answers to the questions you linked to it is not possible to just sign out of the gmail application and not other google services . in order to achieve the functionality you want though have you considered using an application lock such as app lock ? with this you can require a pin to open the gmail app . whilst it does not turn off email access it will prevent the whole family from being able to access your mail . n.b. if you have kids using it as well then it might be worth requiring a pin in order to purchase anything on the play store , this might prevent some nasty surprises appearing on your credit card bill . you can see how to do this here .
go to Settings &gt; Apps &gt; Gmail &gt; Disable .
you can remove wifi networks under settings -> wireless -> wifi -> long press on unwanted network -> remove . some apps like the automatic hotspot login from the german " deutsche telekom " are adding ssids to the list of known networks . if you remove such an app , the network is maybe not automatically removed .
android will not connect to a wifi access point without you specifying that you want to and saving it . under settings , wifi , long-press on the names of any access points you do not want to connect to and choose " forget network " .
your three questions are really all about the same thing . since the issue is specific to fairphone , this tells us that the problem is in their changes to android . it could be in their customizations to the camera app , or in the device driver for the relevant hardware , or in the integration as a whole . software defects can not always be blamed on a single part of the system : sometimes the error only results from different software components not working together the way they should . the question of why software defects come about and live for so long is much too broad to answer here . integration problems are relatively hard to fix , because often they are only seen in the whole system : disabling any one part to isolate the problem makes it go away . drivers are the least reliable part of any os , and of course that is going to be more so for a small company that does not have the manpower or experience of the mainstream smartphone manufacturers .
if it is thread-length related , i.e. because you have so many sms 's saved , you could try backing them up to your email ( search the market for sms backup - there are several good apps that do this really well ) then deleting the sms messages . good luck !
this is update to my earlier post . everything went as pp01 updated in his/her original post . i changed to handcend sms , but problem was still there , sending messages could take several minutes . also when testing this with friends i noticed that also receiving messages could took 1-3 minutes when there was couple messages coming at the same time . handcend sms freezed several times and i think that was related to the sms system bug . then i updated to 1.72.405.2 , and seems that the problem is fixed . sending messages with the original htc sms application takes max 5-7 seconds and the program is less buggy now . thanks for htc programmers for fixing this issue . scandinavian letter bug i mentioned earlier is still there , but that is minor problem . there exist unofficial fixes for this but i think i wait for the official fix . i notify if the problem with sending messages occurs again .
the htc mail and messaging apps may have memory leak issues -- if this is the case , having a large db of messages could cause a slowdown . i had some system slowdowns and freezes . after i started using the k9mail/gmail and handcent sms apps -- i had no more slowdowns or freezes . since htc apps cannot be uninstalled or turned off ( unless you root ) , you can only set them to never poll for messages and never alert upon receipt of message . which it should not get . but you never know .
i have the same problem , with desire z , 2.2 and htc 's sms application . sending messages seems to take minutes . i had htc tytn and i imported my messages ( ~4000 of em ) using sprite migrate . i backed up my sms to my gmail account using sms backup , and some point i am going to nuke all my sms messages from my phone and see if that helps . htc sms application is buggy and it lags all the time , it reloads my facebook picture many times when i am scrolling through messages and when i try to write message , the screen is scrolling up and down so i cannot see what i write unless i keep scrolling the page back all the time . htc has also minor bug related to forced foreign capital letters when using fysical qwerty keyboard ( for instace , my keyboard is giving onlu capital letters when writing scandinavian letters ä , ö or å ) but it usually passes when i use touch screen keyboard . i have not used email application so much , but if this is related to some kind of memory leak problem as suspected , i will brick my htc phone before summer i swear . or calm down and start to use different programs for sms and email .
you can take a look at locus maps , which allows for importing many different formats , including gpx , kml and kmz . if the latter are nicely organized , a kmz can even include images for pois etc . to be used offline ( how to do this , is described step-by-step in this tutorial on the locus forum ) , see the screenshot below 2 for an example of detail display , showing an older version of the app . the app even allows for navigation ( network only needed at the start , for route calculation ) , offline maps ( downloadable right from within the app 1 ) , and much more :
the solution i use is trekbuddy . i have been using this app for the past 5 years in various platforms from java to symbian to android . this app can load offline map and show your ( gps ) position on it . it can show and record your trail ( as gpx ) and you can show predefined way points on the map ( using gpx again ) . being a free project from beginning , it does not have a great documentation and support . in spite of all these downsides , i can still vouch it as one of the most useful and most powerful gps-navigation-tracking app . it requires a bit of learning curve and some serious homework , but that comes at the benefit of using the navigation with out internet connection . there are quite a lot of documentation , tools and how-tos in wiki style in their home page . i have been using this app for my trekking , city navigation and touring . few capabilities of this app are : display a previously downloaded map tiles and over lay current gps position on it . show the trail as an overlay on the map . display previously defined way points on the map display previously defined route on the map . play a sound when the current position is with in a given radius of a way point log the entire trail as gpx switch between various maps available for java , symbian , android , blackberry phones display statistics like average speed , average moving speed , altitude change , number of satellite seen etc as seen in the following image : all the above without internet connectivity all the above free . ps : i am in no way associated with trekbuddy other than i am using it and amazed by its usefulness , which you would have probably guessed by now ; - ) there are other apps like osmand , which can do the above with and without internet connection . few features will not work without internet connection , but all that you asked will work . official google maps now allows pre-downloading map tiles . with this you can select an area which you would be visiting and download them when you are with wifi connection . however there are no way you can record the route . for that you may have to use mytracks app from google .
you can choose one specific route and save it to use later : c|net - save maps for offline use in google maps for android
google wants to integrate everything into g+ . this started with sms and hangouts in kitkat ( where by default , there is no longer a separate short-message app ) . what you see here are preparations for the gallery : the photos app is integrated with g+ , but the gallery app not yet removed .
doing my own tests with google+ auto backup , i have found that photos that have been backed up ( in some cases for a very long time ) will disappear from the phone ( no trash ) , as well as from the online " backup " ( again not found in the trash ) when the photos are deleted from the phone using the default gallery app . i am not sure why this is the behavior since the backup should be just that . . . a backup . syncing my phone 's gallery is not an actual backup . syncing is a different process , and i would not consider it a backup . what happens if i get a new phone and allow the backup to run before i have gotten a chance to restore all of my images ? do the missing images get removed from the online " backup " and disappear forever ? there are a lot of questions here , and i do not have any good answers just yet . i do know that i have lost pictures due to the backup automatically deleting them if they were removed from the phone and not storing them in the trash where they could be recovered .
do not know much about gallery but figured out about photos . if auto backup is set up in google+ on the phone , then photos get backed up in in the cloud in google+ . in the photo app one can see albums , photos etc . if one deletes a photo in the phone it moves to trash both on the phone and on the web . this works the other way round . if a photo is restored from trash then it re-appears in the photo app . why there is a gallery app , i have not been able to figure out .
the photos app and google+ app , while deeply connected , are different applications on your phone . the photos app is designed to replace the old gallery app by providing more editing and sharing options . both photos and gallery show you pictures stored on your phone and stored on google 's servers under your g+ account . if you are using photos you can ignore gallery . both the photos app and google+ app have auto-backup settings and both are talking about the same thing : backing up pictures you take to a private album associated with your g+ account on google 's servers . you can turn on auto-backup in either photos or google+ . you can delete or recover pictures that were backed up to g+ easily within the photos app . from photos you can also delete pictures that were taken with your phone 's camera but not backed up to g+ . pictures that were locally stored on your device or were not backed up to g+ cannot be restored once deleted . pictures that have been backed up to g+ with have a small cloud icon in the bottom-right corner of the thumbnail . you can remove pictures just from the device by going to the upper left and clicking on the " photos " . that should bring up a menu , where you scroll down almost to the bottom to get to " on device " . bringing up that list is just the photos on the device ( instead of all the photos that g+ knows about ) , and when you delete there it only affects the device storage , not the backed up version . see https://support.google.com/plus/answer/3453521?hl=en for a ( very ) little more detail .
i am in the exact same boat . finally decided to understand the relationship between local storage , google+ 's " auto backup " , and how the new photos app navigates between them . like you , i have got a ton of unanswered questions - way more of them than answers - popping up as i spend more time with it . just as an fyi , i am running android 4.4 on the samsung gs4 google play edition . auto backup settings are to back up over network and wifi and to exclude local folders . at one point i took a test picture and , once it showed up in the " all " tab of the photos app , i deleted it to see what would happen . the photo disappeared from local storage and the " all " tab and popped up in the trash . not so on google+ in chrome . the photo remained , and the online trash stayed empty . upon restoring the photo from local trash and refreshing everything , i tried again . this time , the photo disappeared from the " all " tab and google+ in chrome , but remained in local storage . it appeared in the trash on both systems . another strange thing to note is that the " all " tab includes both photos that have been backed up automatically to google+ and photos that only exist locally in folders such as " screenshots " and " whatsapp " . because my auto backup settings specifically exclude non-camera or hangouts photos , nothing but photos existing in google+ should show here ( hence the " download " option available upon selecting a photo in this pane ) according to google 's official description of this feature : these are the photos and videos you have uploaded to or shared on google+ . if you have auto backup turned on , this section may include items taken with your device 's camera , photos saved from the web , or photos saved by other apps . it looks to me like google rushed this app out the door , and has done a very poor job getting their code to match their description . what is worse , the functionality is so convoluted and confusing - to the point of seeming broken - that trying to organize photos stored locally ( on the smartphone ) and in the cloud ( google+ via auto backup ) is nearly impossible . any help/thoughts on this ? edit : i can not say i have experienced anything like ryan , fortunately . that sounds like the last straw for using photos until it gets seriously overhauled .
i have never tried but i strongly doubt it , for reasons that are nothing to do with android itself . each manufacturer has their own variant of the headset connector on their phones , but they are all compatible with standard stereo headphones . this implies that the tip and the first ring are outputs ( the left and right channel ) , not inputs . in contrast , digital keyboard pedals like the one you linked to tend to be wired like microphones , with the output ( from the pedal 's point of view ) on one or more of the connections where the phone is expecting its output to be . for this reason i doubt you will be able to do something like this on any kind of phone without some custom hardware . that said , you do get usb foot-pedals for typing ( you can configure them as an extra shift key or similar ) , so one of those might satisfy your need .
sure you can , there is a product that uses the audio port as an extra button , check this : http://gizmodo.com/add-a-button-to-any-android-phone-with-this-genius-head-1221431712 maybe this is more like a comment than an answer , but actually i can not add comments untill i reach 50 points . by the way , as microphone it is an analog input for the android , you can set a trigger point on certain value to detect an ( on/off ) state , for example : if microphone values are in a range from 0 to 1024 , you can set that if input it is less than 100 consider it as pedal pressed , if it is greater than this , pedal it is not pressed . you just need to read microphone input and convert it to it is analog values instead of treating it as audio .
right , the best you can do is download this app called ' aspotcat ' from the google play store . this will iterate through your listing of apps installed on your device . to carry out the task - tap on ' aspotcat ' that is the app that was downloaded from the google play store . tap on ' list apps by permission ' tap on ' system tools ' , this will expand , and there will be a button called ' details ' , tap that . scroll down to see ' disable keyguard ' , tap on the arrow beside it , and it will expand itself , in there , you will see apps that have the permission to do so . this will help you track it down and there should be an app listed in there responsible for disabling the keyguard , uninstall it and fingers crossed it will resolve it !
its called " set up screen lock " . you can find it under settings -> security -> set up screen lock you will want to change it to slide .
same issue for me . solved removing last " maps " app update . found it using " aspotcat " , like t0mm13b said .
this function is also referred to as the " keyguard . " most of the phones that i have had do not allow you to toggle this on and off in the settings . clearly something , possibly another app , toggled this off . i use tasker to manipulate this setting . you may need to be rooted to do this but you can enable or disable they keyguard manually or programatically . there are also third party apps for toggling the keyguard . they are usually advertised as ways to disable the keyguard but they slice both ways . depending on what disabled your keyguard in the first place , you may only need to use this solution once .
i am not fully sure if this is what you want , but you might want to enable the setting " power button instantly locks " setting in the security section of the preferences . ( that is where it is in ics , i assume name and location are similar in gingerbread . )
any apk files installed in your device usually stay on its internal memory . the apk configuration defines whether the app should stay on the mobile 's internal memory completely , or it may shift a few resource files ( images , etc . ) to the sd card . the main files ( technically : the java class files and layout files ) remain on the internal memory of the device . this may be changed if your device is rooted , and you have partitioned your sd card to allow installations on it ( technically : ext4 extension replacing the fat32 extension of a part of your sdcard , which will not be accessible to the user from the device as a mass storage ) . apps2sd is an app which eases the process of shifting apps capable of transferring resources from apk to sdcard , so as to free up some memory on the internal memory . the app does not help install apks on sd card . hope this helps .
it very much depends on the app you want to install , and what the developer of that app decided to be the preferred install location . see : app install location on developer.android.com: beginning with api level 8 , you can allow your application to be installed on the external storage ( for example , the device 's sd card ) . this is an optional feature you can declare for your application with the android:installlocation manifest attribute . [ . . . ] if you declare " preferexternal " , you request that your application be installed on the external storage , but the system does not guarantee that your application will be installed on the external storage . if the external storage is full , the system will install it on the internal storage . the user can also move your application between the two locations . if you declare " auto " , you indicate that your application may be installed on the external storage , but you do not have a preference of install location . the system will decide where to install your application based on several factors . the user can also move your application between the two locations . the linked article contains a lot more details , but they are rather targeted at the developer . above quotes however are the ones referring to your question . for a final answer , there are two choices : a ) simply try and see , or b ) ask the developer .
it will be installed on your phone memory ( internal sd card ) . but you can move that app to your external memory card using this application .
you need to disable it for the device administrators in your security settings once you disable it you can now remove it
you need to go into Settings > Security > Device administrators and uncheck the box next to the avg app . you will then be able to uninstall the application normally .
have you tried using this update tool ? it should do the work if it can connect .
there is currently no way to do this . where did you get the . dz file from ? you would have to ask the prividor to provide a . kdz file as well as the . dz file so you can flash with the kdz updater program .
solved while investigating to write a better question . apparently when the company migrated from some exchange version to another , something was set on the folders attributes that made android email application ignore it . renaming the folder did not solve . also comparing the attributes that are visible to the user between a folder that sync and one that does not sync reveals nothing . solution is to create a new folder , move the emails and updates the rules , and finally delete the old one .
i think the problem could be the default " unconfined domain " the binary gets executed when no policy is specified . an attempt i would try would be to move the sshelper_sshd ( i think it is the sshd server ? ) somewhere on the /system partition ( /system/sbin/ ? ) i think the best and updated document to read to deal with selinux implementation on android ( seandroid ) is how-to su . here an extract from chapter 5.4.4 . android 4.4.3 a good example of the unconfined domain not being all-mighty , is executing files from /data . starting android 4.4.3 , this will no longer be possible from the unconfined domain ( see #74082 and #78801 ) . the established practise of including binaries and scripts in your apk , extracting them to /data/data/ [ package ] /files/ or placing them in /data/data/ [ package ] /lib/ and executing them from there through a su call will no longer work out-of-the-box . while there are other work-arounds possible ( like copying to and executing from rootfs ) , one solution is switching contexts to a context not in the unconfined domain ( like u:r:untrusted_app:s0 , the context the rest of your app is likely to run as ) . you will need to do extensive testing to see if all the calls you want to make still run in the context you choose , though , and you may have to try some different ones to get the capabilities you want . note that executing files in /data will still work as expected from your app if you are not trying to run it as root .
on my samsung galaxy s3 i can hold down the menu button inside the built in mail app - this enables the search function . you can search for all title sender date attachment advanced ( which is a combination of title+sender+date )
emoze has a search function which is much better than any other email app i have tried .
a factory-reset deletes all the user data . it is as if you had a brand-new tablet ( but any system updates you have previously installed will still be there ) . this means the tablet will not have the password for connecting to your wi-fi network , nor the password for your google account . the first time you turn it on , it will take you through the same initial setup process as when it was new : it'll prompt you to connect to a wi-fi network and log into a google account . if you log in with the same google account as before , it'll still be able to access all the apps ( and books , music , films , etc . ) you previously installed/bought from google play
if you have your keyboard input method set to multi-touch keyboard , then you should continue to get word suggestions even when you have the hardware keyboard open and are using it . if you have your keyboard input method set to swype , you will not receive suggestions .
normally when you are recieving images in a text message it only uses your data to download it or to show up in your text messages . opening the image after it has showed up in the message does not require internet connection of any type . so far the only phones i am aware of that allow you to use wifi to download images in a text are the iphones , so i am not certain if android based phones are capable of that .
yes , just copy the /system/etc/apns-conf.xml file . you can also use an app like apn backup and restore : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.riteshsahu.apnbackuprestore edit : to backup manually-entered apns ( or ones otherwise not part of your rom , such as ones " imported " when you insert a new sim card ) you also need to back up /data/data/com.android.settings/shared_prefs/com.android.settings_preferences.x\xadml  apn backup and restore does not do this .
it could be that the battery is not calibrated correctly . this can cause the phone to think that the battery level is much lower than it actually is , as well as the " jump " when you disconnect from the charger . i am not sure how to fix this without rooting , but if you do decide to root , the battery calibration app in the market can reset the calibration , then guide you through recalibration .
the share menu simply lists apps that have an appropriate intent filter for the share action with the type of data being shared . so the only way to get a new item on the share menu is to install an app that does the thing you want . if one does not already exist , it is not that hard to create one following the official documentation , but since this is not a programming forum , we can not help you any further .
it looks like they explicitly support a few hundred ( 650 , as of this reading ) rewards programs . so they do not support just every last bar code you might want to store , unfortunately . that said , they do show a toys r us reward card in their banner graphic so you had think it ought to upload that one . my guess is that you should nudge them about the reward cards you have not been able to scan : http://www.keyringapp.com/
i played with that app for a few days and if i recall correctly there is an option to manually enter the numbers printed below every barcode or some other unique identifier for the cards you want to use but will not scan .
rst2pdf is an application that can be used to compile restructured text into pdf . to read a pdf on your android should be trivial-ish . grab any pdf reader .
actually galaxy y default player does not support much formats . check which format it is . then try downloading the player which supports the format . for eg : if it is 3gp format videos you will need 3gp player .
you did mention apps2sd , that is where the slowdown is happening , more than likely , the filesystem on the sdcard is getting a bit fragmented ( unless its non-fat32 file-system from the old windows 95 era ) . it might be better for you to use the android 's native filesystem ( ext3fs ) to accomplish this . you should not have to be restarting the handset in order to resolve it . question for you - what class is the sdcard you are referring to . perhaps upgrading to class 6 or better might help . ( if you are bombarded by the terminology ' class ' , its down to the speed of how fast the sdcard can be read in , generally , the higher it is , the faster it is , but then again that is depending on the sdcard slot if its capable of supporting it . ) you would be quite surprised as well , that maybe reformatting the sdcard can do the trick as well but if you happen to have apps on it . . that is definitely ruled out .
normaly it should not restarted . if you uninstall an app , it only deletes the apk from the folder /data/app and the app data from the folder /data/data . nothing special or magic .
you were assuming state → hardware → media button coming close to your wishes – but no : that event triggers when one of the media buttons is pressed , as the name suggests , not when a video/media is played . when looking for a fitting tasker trigger , the only thing coming close to it is checking the %MTRACK variable , but that only works for some audio players . to extend that , you can use some tasker addons as e.g. wave control or media utilities – but again , according to their descriptions they seem to work for audio only . i am not aware of any possibility to achieve this with tasker ; but feel free to check out my collection of tasker resources , maybe one of the many tutorials mentions anything i overlooked , or one of the addons got updated in this regard .
there is not a single app or script that runs for all videos . some video support is built into the android framework , and each app also have its own logic for playing videos .
go to settings > more > mobile networks > " use only 2g networks " make sure the above option is unchecked and you have correctly activated a proper 3g plan . also , do not forget to configure the apn for using the internet .
using proprietary vendor-software such as kies for backups usually jails you into that eco-system . if your galaxy is still available , up , and running , rather use the following steps to transfer your contacts : open the contacts app hit the menu button select " import/export " chose to export your contacts to sdcard ( will store in .vcf format ) now you have got a decent backup which should restore on any android device ( at the same place in contacts ) , and even most other systems , as vcf is a standard format ( vcard ) . alternatively , you can also sync all your contacts with your google account from your old phone . they should automatically sync to all your other android devices using the same account then .
nope . no other 3rd party app will be able to access your data in the memo . applications on your phone are sandboxed meaning they can not access other apps data . check this : &gt; The Android Application Sandbox, which isolates your app data and code &gt; execution from other apps. 
from google support : if you are using a nexus 7 and touching its back to another device , make sure the other device is near the " u " in " nexus " to successfully beam content . " beam " in this quote is referring to android beam , android 's name for nfc content transfer .
looking at a teardown of the new nexus 7 , it looks to be near the center again ( here you can see in the photo the nfc is under the inductive charging ) . ifixit did a pretty good teardown of it here which may give you more detail .
i finally found out where . after trying various " gapps " packages , none of which worked and some of which destroyed the system , i finally found this page : http://www.cesgeekbook.com/2011/12/install-android-market-pandigital.html that provided some " gapp " apk 's and listed in what order they needed to be flashed . no rooting needed , and was a very simple process . also gave me full google android market access . hope that helps somebody as much as it helped me .
it sounds like your table has not been provisioned with " core " google apps . installing them separately from 3rd-party websites will not resolve this issue , since you will need other " system " apks as well . without an exact make and model of your tablet it is impossible to recommend anything . knowing those , you might be able to find a " gapps " package built for it . you will need a custom recovery image , and very likely a custom rom installed first before you can attempt to flash gapps . i would start with android development sites like xda-developers and rootzwiki , and then searching on google may bring more results .
if you need to install gmail , you can snag the apk by pointing your android 's browser to droidload and downloading it from there . you should be able to either launch it directly or save it to your sd card and then launch it via navigating to it in a file browser and clicking on it . there are more detailed instructions on droidload if you problems . you should probably also install gtalk , as if i am remembering correctly quite a few other apps rely on it is transport layer for various things .
as far as i know , this is simply a bug in the htc email application . you can try using a different client ( k9 supports signed messages , i believe ) , but beyond that you will have to take it up with htc and hope that they decide to fix it at some point . here 's a related xda thread where someone includes what he says is a response from htc regarding the issue . there is also a thread on the android central forums where someone reports the same bug ( and no solution ) . those threads are a little on the old side , but i do not believe htc has fixed this yet .
as you are rooted , you can use droidwall to control network access on a per app basis . from the market page : front-end application for the iptables linux firewall . allows you to restrict which apps can access the network . this is the perfect solution if you do not have an unlimited data plan , or just wants to see your battery lasting longer .
there are email replacement apps , but unfortunately the few that act similar to htc mail will cost money . touchdown by nitrodesk : touchdown is my preferred email replacement as i use the exchange functionality , and imap protocol . it can tie into most major email services , and also offers some premium features for business users . enhanced email : a more powerful revamp of the stock email app that is starting to become popular . it offers some premium features and the developer is very responsive if you have run into issues . moxier mail ( free trial ) : offers support for all major protocols , its user interface is probably the closest to the htc mailapp . maildroid ( free ) : never used maildroid , but it is yet another email replacement . the upside is there is a free ad supported version . hope those help !
this is not an exact answer , but it can simplify what you want to do . . almost all qr code readers provide result sharing options . use this feature after installing phone 2 chrome or 2cloud . you can also copy results in clipboard and get clipboard data on pc using airdroid ( it does not require internet connection ; it works over internal wi-fi network ) .
there are many storage locations in an android device ( specially in samsung galaxy - series ) . . storage locations which do not require root access : external sd : if your device supports removable microsd card , its mounted on /mnt/sdcard/external_sd ( also hard linked at /sdcard/external_sd ) . internal sd ( also labeled as usb storage ) : this is mounted at /mnt/sdcard ( also hard linked at /sdcard ) . you can access file system of device over wi-fi . to reach storage locations , just follow the paths . here , you can write anything without problem , but there may be problem deleting files/directories here due to limited ftp permissions ( follow last part of answer to remove this limitation ) . if you access file systems using usb connection , there should not be any permission problem . storage locations which require root access : system storage : its protected storage of system reserved for apps . e.g. /data partition . rom : its the storage where firmware files can be located . e.g. /system partition . to write here , you do need root access . if your device is not rooted , you are out of luck . if you are rooted , you can use root explorer or es file explorer to write anything here . note : you need to mount some partitions with r/w access to write . e.g. /data partition is already mounted with r/w access , but /system and /dbdata partitions are mounted with r/o access . accessing them on pc is somewhat tricky : use terminal emulator to mount the partition with r/w access permanently ( if its not ) . install a native linux ftp server and execute it under root user . make sure to configure ftp server for accessing the location you want to access . done ! you can now access this location over wi-fi using any ftp client . update : its not a concern for questioner , but its worth mentioning : when internal sd is not present , removable microsd card might be mounted on /mnt/sdcard ( also hard linked at /sdcard ) . and , all these mount points are decided by manufacturers , firmwares and may be different . so , its always better to check with mount command in terminal emulator .
for android 4.0 settings---> storage---> apps---> contacts storage---> clear data sync the contacts with your gmail account before doing this , remove synchornisation , do the above steps and sync again with you gmail account , will take some time for the names and numbers to come
duckduckgo
i have had pretty good luck with duckduckgo for android . you can also set your browser home page to it or startpage or ixquick .
the error message in this case is misleading : it is not that greasemonkey is incompatible with that version number , rather that it is incompatible with firefox for android . the extension mechanism in firefox for android is somewhat different to firefox on desktops , so add-ons for desktop firefox will not work ( in general ) on android . to find out if/when android support is planned , or to help out , you could start by contacting the gresemonkey-users mailing list .
you can use kobo . it is an app for reading . i usually email myself the epub file then go into the email where the file is located on the right hand side there will be 3 little dots click that to save and then go into the kobo app and click the phones menu button to import the epub files to your kobo app and then it should show up in your kobo library .
you need an ebook reader that reads epub files . aldiko ( http://www.aldiko.com/ ) is a great ebook reader that supports epubs . or , you could rename the extension to zip and extract the file . inside , you will see some folders . within one of the folders are html files that can be viewed in a web browser .
if all you want is static text that does not change in any way , then by far the easiest way is to open your wallpaper image in an imaging editing program either on a pc ( something as simple as windows paint would do ) or on the phone ( search the android market for something like " image editor " or " photo editor " and you should find lots of apps that can do this like picsay or pho . to lab ) and add the text straight onto the picture .
the vibration you are referring to it is called " haptic feedback " , and can be disabled for certain ui interactions . this may or may not work for you : touch " home" ; touch " menu" ; touch " settings" ; touch " sound" ; scroll your way to " haptic feedback" ; disable it by touching to remove the green tick . try and see if it provides the desired effect . take not that this option does not affect all ui interactions , as mentioned under that option .
use a keyboard which does not ask permissions for full network access . in this case you do not have to be worried about someone stealing your passwords . you can see the full list of permissions in app list .
of course a keyboard app can capture your passwords as you type them , along with everything else you type : naughty text messages , credit card numbers , web searches , everything . you could not have a mechanism to stop it , because in a sense , that is what it is for . it can only send this or any other information across the internet if it has the appropriate permission , " full network access . " almost all apps use this permission , though , and a keyboard might want it in order to download new language files , or to show ads if it uses that revenue model . swiftkey , for example , has a " cloud sync " service to let all your devices share the same training data . this can only work by transmitting words you have typed , and statistical data about text you type , across the internet to their servers . android warns you that this is the case every time you enable a third-party keyboard in the language and input settings . nexus devices show a dialog with the message : this input method may be able to collect all the text that you type , including personal data like passwords and credit card numbers . it comes from the app highway . use this input method ? but as i mention in another question , manufacturers can replace the message ( perhaps with one that is not entirely true ) or disable it completely .
theoretically yes : it is the nature of a keyboard to know all your key-presses . so if the app has the internet permission , it could also send this to " some place " . for closed-source apps , it is difficult to check whether they do so or not ( the only way doing that would be monitoring their network activity over a long time , best done on the router ) . with open-source apps , that is easier , as the code is freely available , and thus could be investigated directly . a few years ago i would have said : if it is a reputable developer , you are on the safe side . with todays spying reports , it is hard to say . . . so if you want to be absolutely sure , there is no other way then using an open-source keyboard , grab the code , and compile it for yourself ( ← paranoid mode ; )
go to settings> > developer options ( under system ) > > stay awake ( uncheck this )
the screen on my phone turns on when the battery is 100% charged . . . i would also like to be able to disable that feature but have not found a method to yet . once i turn the screen off however , it does not come back on again while the battery is at 100% . presumably , if the phone went below 100% and/or started charging again it would go back up to 100% and the screen would turn on again , so something to check--if you use a charging cable instead of a dock--make sure the usb connector is not old or bad ( i.e. . , intermittent ) . if the usb connector does not make good contact then the phone 's charging logic can be re-triggered and the screen will come back on . you can see the effects of this yourself by plugging and unplugging the charger . the display may come on briefly , turn off briefly , then turn back on again to say that it is fully charged , and a cheap usb cable that wears out can eventually cause this to happen repeatedly . i do not think this is the issue you are having based on the symptoms described , but something to look at . another possibility would be a sub-standard charger and/or heavy processor usage on the phone that allows the battery to be charged but then discharged enough while it is still plugged in so that the phone thinks it needs to start charging again . i am not sure if that can actually happen or not , but if the phone thinks it is time to charge the battery again , and then it charges to 100% almost immediately , you will get another notification with the screen turning on .
try this app . it has an option for turning the screen off after 100% battery level alarm rings .
according to samsung when the battery is fully charged it will notify you , that is what turns the light on it keeps notifying you . . annoying , but samsung says it is normal and that there , " is no feature to turn it off at this time . " maybe many should complain to them . i did find a partial solution . first i turned the volume down on the notifications , i can live without them . its better than hearing them at night . second , i took a picture with the camera lens covered . this gives a black screen . i then set the home and lock screens to us this black photo . this eliminated the bright blue screen . you can optionally turn the touch pad lights to not come on in settings , display touch pad lights . i can live without those as well . then you can optionally , turn the clock off for the lock screen or make it the smallest size . this all cuts the light down dramatically when you are fully charged . i then just turn the phone over . this all yields a half baked solution i can live with . now samsung , wake up and allow us to turn the stinkin charge notification off !
uncheck settings-> accessory-> dock-> desktop home screen display
i too have not figured out the intermittent screen turn on problem but will address one other issued mentioned . lithium ion batteries have internal circuitry which shuts the charging down when the battery is at 100% . unless the electronics are bad , you cannot overcharge them . leaving them discharged for long periods can harm them . you can get roughly 300 to 500 recharges , its best to not run it all the way down , recharge often , when not using it , the charges are cumulative , so a 30% discharged battery is best charged then , not when it runs down . this can easily be verified at manufacturers web sites . ive learned this from years of being involved in electronics and seeing the evolution of rechargables
just announced : google play music now lets you specify where your music is stored a new google play music update is rolling out now , and it brings with it a number of small but significant new features — one of which is the ability to specify where your downloaded music is stored . you cannot choose a certain folder , but you can choose between internal storage and an sd card , which lets you free up space on your device itself . this option won’t appear on devices without sd card support . . .
as far as i know there is not a trivial way to do this . some more info here : http://www.reddit.com/r/androidquestions/comments/1dfg9u/moving_google_music_files_to_sd_card/ http://www.reddit.com/r/androidquestions/comments/1h1u2v/google_music_to_sd/
add your wifi network profile to the /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf . the exact location of wpa_supplicant.conf might be different on your phone - you can find it by looking at the wpa_supplicant service configuration in /init*rc files : grep wpa_supplicant /init*rc  then enable the wifi service with settings set global wifi_on 1  and reboot the phone . if you have done everything right - the phone would connect to your wifi network on the next power up .
i can help you in one way . as u asked , there is a way to connect your tablet with router with out entering password . now-a-days in almost all wifi routers , there in an option called wps ( wi-fi protected set up ) . it can be seen in the routers usually with a lock sign . so , u can select the router from the list populated and while prompting for the password u can press the wps key in the router . this will enable uto automatically set up the wi-fi without even entering the passwords . hope this will help u .
i really doubt that you are going to see any significant difference in nfc performance . essentially , the chip itself is not being read or written to at all - it is an antenna used to transmit information via short range radio waves . you will find that the nfc on most phones will work about the same , so i would base your comparisons on more differential factors . have a great day !
once you have created a folder in the apps ( i.e. . i created a " temp" ) and then remove it : 1 . go to the app drawer , apps , and find the panel holding the folder . 2 . menu > edit 3 . press and hold the folder until " remove " appears . 4 . drag to trash can ( remove ) . 5 . save gone .
an easy way to achieve this would be to concatenate variables . you already mentioned setting %INCALL to "1" or "0" . have another numeric one for %NOTSILENT = 0/1 , and then check for %INCALL%NOTSILENT ~ "01" ( you might need to play with the syntax , this just gives the raw idea ; )
you can specify and logic in contexts , not just tasks . do not forget that you can have multiple contexts that must all be met ( logical and ) before the task ( s ) run . try adding the context State &gt; Call [Any, Invert = YES] ; this would mean the profile will only activate 1 ) when a text is received and 2 ) no call is active .
do you really want to do that ? that might lead to you no more being able to see your images in the gallery . but if you want to try : open a file manager of your choice and navigate to the DCIM folder delete the .thumbnails directory create a file named .thumbnails open the file 's properties , and set it " read only " now , as there cannot be two objects with the identical name , the gallery cannot re-create the folder . as the existing object is a file , it cannot put its thumbnails in there , either .
warning : i have not tested this procedure . you would need to have fstrim in system/bin . this xda post has a dropbox download link . start up adb and then switch users to root . $ adb shell from your os terminal . $ su to switch to the root user . to copy fstrim to your /system/bin path you first need to mount the system path as read/write from adb or some other file manager # mount -o remount,rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system to mount /system as r/w then copy fstrim to the system path . # cp &lt;pathtofstrim&gt;/fstrim /system/bin next you need to change permissions of fstrim to include execute . # chmod 766 /system/bin/fstrim to make fstrim executable by root after setting the correct permissions on fstrim you can run these commands from adb ( as root ) : # fstrim -v /data # fstrim -v /cache # fstrim -v /system or , you could go the easy way . install the lagfix app , and trigger fstrim on demand , provided your device has fstrim support !
by request from ' dan hulme ' who replied to my question , i got the message to pop up again and managed to get the app-info . it turns out to be an app connected to the facebook app called ' sns ' . i simply removed the tick from the " show notifications " option . the message no longer pops up . it can otherwise be found on " settings -> more -> application manager " shuffle so you see the " all " list , then scroll down til you find the sns application .
the knox container will be wiped . knox is a sandboxed instance of android with its own separate security policy . exchange 's device administrator has no access to the contents of your phone outside of knox and cannot wipe your personal data .
both solutions mentioned by @izzy and @darknight in comments could work , but i found the easiest way is to replace steps 8,9,10 of the instructions by the following terminal command : sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb android-tools-fastboot  and then continuing as normal ( and of course write fastboot instead of fastboot . exe in steps 15,16 ) . that saves the trouble of manually downloading and installing flashboot and configuring files and so .
i do not think there is a good way to do this - the issue is not that the private number is being hidden by your phone , it is that the phone company is not transmitting the caller id info to you at all . so there should not be any way for you to get that data working strictly from your phone . unless you know people who regularly block caller id data , but do not leave messages , i would just assume it is spam callers and ignore them .
there is no way to get the number . private numbers are not sent by the network provider therefore your phone has no information about the caller .
this is nothing new . google docs supported character recognition in both images and pdf files . it is also available in the mobile clients regardless of the os version as this is a server side feature .
try btmono , maybe it helps .
the transfer speed majorly depends on the ' class ' of your sd card . micro-sd-cards-smartphones-speed-class-explained edit : i googled about this issue and it appears that the slow transfer speeds is due to the cache size for reading from sd card . it is set to 128 kb in most cases . you can check it by running the following command . adb shell cat /sys/devices/virtual/bdi/179:0/read_ahead_kb  to change this value you must have root access . also the changes will be reset on reboot . developers at xda have made scripts to make this change persist , check this link for a detailed explanation .
there is no such thing as normal usb transfer speed . it depends on several factors including but not limited to : class of the sdcard usb speed ( 1.1 vs 2.0 ) performance and load of the the computer out of these three the one with the most influence is the class of the sdcard . the class describes the minimum write speed of the card in mb/s . for example a class 10 card has a minimum writing speed of 10mb/s . based on this your sdcard is most likely a class 2 . if you can not locate your sdcard class , there is a free tool ( only for windows users ) that gives you the transfer rate of your sdcard : h2testw 1.4 after you have finished verifying your unit you will be able to see the exact time it took for the operation to complete , the number of megabytes tested , and , of course , the writing / reading speed . as a side note : the cache that abdul mentions has nothing to do with this . that is for reading and only applies if the card is mounted in the phone .
if you can turn the phone on , set jorte to sync with a google calendar . then you can get it on any android device you want . if the phone is dead and you can not charge it you may try charging the battery with an external charger then following the step above .
as you have said yourself , you could install/uninstall through adb . my advice would be to install a alternate home screen app through adb and restart the device . ( installing an alternate home app would clear the previous home app 's defaults ) . when the home application is about to be started , it would show you the option to choose one of the home apps from the list . simply select the alternate one . you would need an home app 's apk for this , which you will have to download on your pc . just get any alternate home app apk , install it , boot into your device . launch google play and install another home app and uninstall the one which you installed through adb . you could uninstall the stock home app ( i am assuming , your are on stock ) easily , since you are rooted via root explorer or any similar app . if you do not want to install an app downloaded through internet , simply create an launcher app yourselves . here is the android 's sample home app . android developers - home sample or get source code for launchers like adw launcher here- adw-launcher-android google code in all this , i am assuming you have usb debugging enabled on your device .
i have read at xda that you could boot your atrix in safe mode and only load essential system files . from there you can delete the defective home app or replace it with an other home app . to do this , power off your atrix , and press the power button to turn it on . once the boot animation starts , immediately press and hold the vol up + vol down buttons until you get a long vibe , then release . you will then see ' safe mode ' at the lower left of the screen when the lockscreen comes up . ( from xda-developers ) here is the xda thread about atrix in safe mode
i had the same issue with screen not coming to live after proximity sensor has turned it off once . i tried to boot in safe-mode and the phone is working perfectly and there is no such issue in safemode . i know this is not permanent solution ( there must be some limitations of safemode , though i have no idea about them ) , but it atleast points us that this is not hardware problem and some application is messing up with the proximity sensor .
i do not know if you can change that but you can always install the same keyboard that you had in nexus s . search market for gingerbread keyboard and/or ice cream sandwich keyboard . those keyboard are the keyboard that ships with android . samsung like htc modifies/creates keyboard that differs from stock keyboard . samsung keyboard is very much similar to ios . but unlike iphone style , you can always change keyboard in android os .
ok got it sorted . . . just writing this down incase anyone stumbles across the same issue . . . deleted both accounts and recreated them , now it works : )
how old is your sd card ? does it work under stock ? if it does not work under either , i wonder if the sd card is going bad ? how long have you had it and do you do a lot of writing to it ? if so , then the card might be going bad as sd cards have a limited lifespan . the more you write to it , the shorted the lifespan . do you have another sd card you could try ? i would also do a chkdsk on it to see if any bad sectors are found . if so , time to ditch it and get a new card .
you have two questions here , which should be split into different questions . to answer your first question from the title : in general , you need to unlock the bootloader to root the device . also , by unlocking the bootloader , you are allowed to flash a custom recovery . using this custom recovery , you can wipe the device 's cache , system , and data folders . afterwards , you can flash a custom rom that may have a previous version of android . also , under stock rom , ( in some cases ) some bootloaders ( esp newer ones ) will not allow you to downgrade . doing so will break stuff on your device , like wi-fi and sound not working properly , etc . but again , this is a general statement ( not specific to moto x ) , and may partially answer your second question . anyway , there is a guide here that allows you to downgrade from kitkat to jellybean .
according to the gmail help pages , you should be able to easily export your contacts using a web browser : sign in to gmail . click gmail at the top-left corner of your gmail page , then choose contacts . from the more drop-down menu , select export . . . . choose whether to export all contacts or only one group . select the format in which you had like to export your contacts ' information . please note , some of these formats can lose some contact information . to transfer contacts between google accounts , use the google csv format . this is the recommended way to back up your google contacts . to transfer contacts to outlook , yahoo ! mail , hotmail , or various other apps , use the outlook csv format . to transfer contacts to apple address book , use the vcard format . click export . choose save to disk then click ok . select a location to save your file , and click ok . this ( and some other details ) are also described in a post titled how to create mail merge in gmail contacts . now you write you have some contacts which are not synchronized with your google account , but stored on your sim card . of course , you first need to " convert " them to " google contacts " , which is described in how do i import all contacts from a sim-card to an android phone ? : open the contacts app press the " menu " key navigate to import/export → import from sim card click " select all " ( or manually select the contacts you wish to import ) when asked where to copy the contacts to , select the appropriate option this procedure can also be found in a tutorial at androidadvices , together with some screenshots to visualise the process . your broken sd card should not matter here , as it is not involved anywhere in the process . see also : transfer all contacts in phone and sim to google contacts how to move phone contacts to google ? good idea to transfer all phone numbers from sim card to google contacts ? how do i import all contacts from a sim-card to an android phone ?
the facebook app does not have this feature ( and several other features that are available on the web app ) . however , you can create a new list with a 3rd-party app like fast pro for facebook .
it seems that you need to configure the apn . go to the settings of your phone -> wireless and networks -> mobile networks -> access point names . maybe you have none apn configured , so go to the menu to add one . the list of apns by country is here : http://www.androidonhtc.com/wiki/carrier_network_settings in particular for peru you have : claro peru ( america movil ) apn : wap . claro . pe username : claro password : claro proxy : 192.168.231.30 port : 80 i hope that this information is useful . regards !
in order to connect to a given 3g/3.5g network , your phone must support the correct band . based on the sparse information i was able to gather , it seems that claro is using bands ii and v ( 1900 and 850 ) it seems that there are at least three different models of the htc desire , of which the htc triumph / desire us a8182 and htc desire telstra a8183 support bands ii and v . the third model , htc desire a8181 supports bands i and viii instead . if your phone has the correct apn , supports the correct bands , and 3g is not disabled it should just work .
seeing a file name like Computer\Nexus 4\Internal storage\Music\Christina St\u7709rmer\Freier Fall\1 Geh nicht wenn du kommst.mp3 points to a special problem with " special characters " ( such as german umlauts ) which got messed up on data transfer : while windoze uses its own character set ( ms-ansi or wone of the win-12xx , depending on configuration ) , android expects utf-8 -- which is why it is a good custom to use only 7-bit ascii characters in file names . due to this mismatch and the " unidentifyable character " , the media scanner most likely has crashed . which resulted in the media database not being populated , from which follows : the players think " no media files there " . proposed actions i would suggest to either temporarily delete or at least rename all affected files , so that no file with " special characters " in its name remains . then have the media scanner run again ( e . g . triggering it with rescan sd ) . once that is finished , i am pretty sure your media player ( s ) will find something to play ( with ) . that being approved , you know what to look for in the future . as said before , i strongly recommend to restict characters in file names to 7-bit ascii -- that avoids a lot of problems , though some names might look a little strange ; )
in the stock rom the nexus 4 default music player should be " play music " with an icon that looks like yellow headphones , never heard of apollo but it is possible this is something your custom rom 's changed . most music players on android get their " media library " from the built-in media scanner service , this should pick up mp3 files stored in any user-accessible storage location on your phone and add them to the scanner 's library . sometimes the media scanner does not " notice " new files you have just added and needs to be told to do a rescan , there are apps on the store that can do this , such as rescan sd , you can find a selection of them with a search of the play store if you run one of those and wait a couple of minutes all of your media should be picked up . it is unlikely from what you are saying , but it is also possible that a hidden .nomedia file may be sitting in your music folder , or one of it is parent/child folders . the presence of this file tells the media scanner to ignore the contents of that folder and it is child-folders . if you find that file somewhere in your music folder 's hierarchy , delete it .
delete the . nomedia found on your music folder . internal and external sd card music folder . install player pro media player . go to settings and point it to where your music folder at on your external sd card . once your songs showed up , it will show on your stock music player too . good luck
your music library might not be set up to scan even the /sdcard0/Music/ folder . connect your android phone the your computer and active " usb mode " on your computer access the sd card on your phone over the usb cable . so on windows it might look like " F:\Music\" as a drive letter . so , in this instance my issue looked like this " F:\Music\Music_aa\" i renamed it to " F:\Music\Music_ab\" the android usb helper service on the phone automatically starts a new scan for all media inside /sdcard/Music/Music_ab on the phone once you disconnect from usb mode . hope this helps .
had the same problem on android 4.4.2 . my solution : move sdcard/music to sdcard/media/music reboot to recovery mode wipe cache ( system cache , not the dalvik one ) reboot system enjoy with google play music ! ^_^
ok guys . . . . last night out of the blue my stock android media apps album and music player could not find any of the photos or songs that were actually in my sd card . after escaping a stroke by a little . . . . and four hours letter after readind a lot of forums i found a solution : for the music player i used an app called " next music " which could actually see the songs . i went to an option called scan by hitting the refresh button , did a full scan and magically my songs were readable by every other app including the stock player . without any rebooting for the photos i used quickpick . it was the only one that could actually see the photos . i opened each folder in my album then by pressing the hard menu key there was an option called " fix date " . did that for every folder and tbey appeared on my stock album app . without rebooting ps :deleting every . nomedia i found did absolutely nothing . . .
neither the pre-installed android music app nor apollo music player could see the files i side-loaded until i flattened the directory hierarchy to one-level . for example , music/band/song . ogg works , music/band/album/song . ogg does not . if only music players could see through those shallow id3 tags and get back to basics !
the underlying problem here is that these apps are assuming , rightly so , that there will always only be one destination number ( that is , only one sim ) . android does not officially support dual sims . from stackoverflow : android dual sim card api . . . the dual sim features are available but not documented and hence not officially supported . having said that it does not mean that it will not be usable , it just means that android is not liable to support [ that ] functionality . also , dual sim card android the current android platform does not have support for multiple sims . a device with such support has been customized for this , so you will need to get information from that device 's manufacturer for any facilities they have to interact with it . a third question was even asked specifically about building an app for dual sim handsets that has gone unanswered , likely for this reason . so , while it sounds like a reasonable expectation , without official support or apis for developers to use i would not expect many apps to account for two destination numbers . from a consumer perspective this means that we are at the mercy of manufacturers to develop apps that function correctly with two sim cards . unfortunately it sounds like the your phone 's stock messaging app is not fitting this bill . try reaching out to xolo .
since android does not appear to have an easy way to get this information , have you looked into getting the messaging information from your phone bill from your carrier ? i am not sure if all carriers do this , but on the carriers i have used , if you receive a " detailed " bill with complete usage records it will have a list of time and date and phone number for all incoming texts . sometimes this information can be accessed through the carrier 's website as well . if your carrier ( s ) support such detailed billing , it should be easy to correlate between the phone records from your carrier and the messages on your phone .
well , at last i found the answer keeping @t0mm13b as inspiration . the problem is on the messaging app and go sms app . so i had to find out a suitable app for my need . youni sms is one such and it is working so great . it is clearly marking as sim1 or sim2 for every sms received and sent .
if you canceled the trial and want to renew the trial , i think you will have to wait for another offer . if you want to renew the actual service , go to play music , settings , subscribe to all access .
fonts are always stored at /system/fonts . by changing the system font to chinese , and looking in that directory , you may be able to find the font . hope this helps .
i believe the font is called droid . a few variations ( sans , sans mono , serif , condensed ) are available from droidfonts . com , though it should be noted that droid sans may be the only to contain chinese characters . each of the droid fonts was custom designed by ascender and optimized for on-screen legibility with the android platform . . . . [ droid sans ] contains over 43,000 glyphs and includes support for simplified chinese ( gb2312 ) , traditional chinese ( big 5 ) , japanese ( jis 0208 ) and korean ( ksc 5601 ) . this font uses the simplified chinese ideographs for shared unicode code points .
a factory reset does not touch the system partition , so built in apps such as the built in download manager will not get touched . perhaps you used a different web browser before the factory reset you performed , and that had better download management than the one you are currently using . if you download es file explorer from the play store , you can use the module in that app called es downloader . this is a good way to check downloads in progress in a nice dialogue box
turn off your facebook auto updates and auto sync and delete from the phone . be careful though . make sure your phone has been synced because all your contact info will be deleted . recync the phone and reload contact info . this appears to have fixedthe problem on my phone . also do not use htc sync to load music as it will fill all available space on the phone . copy music separately to the micro sd card .
your phone ( as most other android phones ) have two kinds of persistent storage -- internal and external . the internal storage is fixed into hardware , and is not intended to be user-serviceable . your sd card is the external storage , and is very much replaceable -- it is very accessible and can be swapped for another one , including greater capacity ones ( see this question for some additional information ) . however , replacing the sd card will not help in your case -- your phone complains that its internal storage space is low . this is a problem that has plagued htc desire , which is otherwise a great device . some things you can do : move applications to the sd card remove unneeded applications ( from your words , not quite possible ) clear up some messages , drafts , application caches , and in some cases application data downgrade some of the preinstalled applications that you do not use . see this question for more details
if you do not have a problem with voiding your warranty and getting your hands a little dirty , i can recommend the use of a custom rom with support for app2sd ( + ) , d2ext ( + ) or d2w . i am also a desire owner , so i really know what you are talking about , this has annoyed me for weeks , until i finally decided to see what all the fuzz with rooting and custom roms was about . so i rooted my desire and flashed this rom in the data2whatever-version ( d2w ) , which makes use of a partitioned sd card with an extra partition that , according to my understanding , works as an extension for the internal storage . so , after all of that , my internal storage capacity has increased to around 240mb instead of ~140mb ( yet the effect depends on the size of your sd card ( mine is 4gb ) and the size of the dedicated sd-ext-partition . ) it may seem tricky ( but it is not really ) , voids your warranty ( which you might need some time ) , and things like d2w over at xda-developers is , well , in development , so there might be the occasional bug , but it is been working fine for me for a few weeks now , and as i said , it is really paying off . so… if you want to read and test and learn a little , then xda-developers your way to go .
i would wonder if the nokia xl makes an exception here – but as you can find out by other questions tagged ad-hoc and our ad-hoc tag-wiki , android itself does not support this type of networks by default . usually , solutions involving this require root access on the device ( which again does not ship by default ) – and rooting in most areas voids your device 's warranty .
check your settings in Settings -&gt; Location and security . if you have a data plan , i would suggest enabling Use wireless networks , Use GPS satellites and Use sensor aiding for the fastest possible location fix . if you do not want gps to use your mobile data , deselect Use wireless networks . also , you could see what goes on with the gps with gps test ( https://market.android.com/details?id=com.chartcross.gpstest ) . does the gps icon start blinking in the notification bar when some program attempts to use the gps ?
you might have a look at silence . it primarily turns off audio alerts/ringtones on schedule but can also manipulate wifi and mobile data and is pretty granular . it also recently added the ability to use events on google calendar . i use it to turn off the ringer ( i like to sit in the quiet car ) and wifi ( there is none to connect to ) during my commute on the train , and also to set the phone to vibrate during a meeting .
using tasker you can accomplish this and more fairly easily once you know how to use it . to solve the whole phone ringing while you are in a meeting you have a few options with how to do it in tasker . you can choose to silence your phone while in meetings , set it to vibrate , block all phone calls ( probably not the best choice ) or send them all to voicemail . i will go through how to create a profile for the latter . first , create a new profile : next select state , then app , and then calendar entry for the calendar entry settings you need to make sure to select no for availability and then you can click the magnifying glass next to calendar to select which calendar it should be referencing . then click the check mark . now to create a task to do during that meeting . select new task and then click the plus ( + ) sign in the lower left corner . for the action select phone and then select end call and then the check mark once you have done that you can click the check mark to close and save the task . go to the profiles tab at the top , then click on your profile you created and long press on the context below it ( the calendar setting on the left ) . this should bring up a context menu . select add and then event . from events select phone and then phone ringing . now you have a profile to push phone calls to voicemail when you are in meetings .
please look at free busy silent mode . it does not direct the call to voicemail , but you have an option to set the phone to silent
it would be really helpful if you mention which operating system your pc is running . on windows 7 and above , you simply need to connect the phone to your pc using a usb-miniusb cable . you should then be able to access the files on the phone via windows explorer . you can then use windows explorer to copy files to and from your pc . on windows xp and below , you will need to either : a ) download and install samsung kies b ) download and install the samsung mobile device usb drivers once the drivers/software are installed , follow the same steps as for a windows 7+ pc .
regardless of the operating system , your daughter could simply use a remote management app like airdroid . the advantage is : this app is installed on the device , and on the " remote " ( here : pc ) no special software is required but a web browser . connection is either done via a shared wifi network ( both devices on the same network ) , or via the aridroid server ( if there is no shared network , and you have no problems routing your data via alien servers ) . airdroid uses a nice interface , which gives you desktop feeling inside of your browser : airdroid ( source : google play ; click image for larger variant ) not only can you simply drag-and-drop files to transfer , but you can also manage other aspects of your device : accessing its contacts , writing sms , viewing pictures , and a lot of other things . and when your daughter is visiting her girlfriend , and wants to share some files with her : no hazzle with drivers or thinking about what os might be in use . simply fire up airdroid , enter the displayed url in her girlfriend 's browser , put the password in the browser , and there she goes . " unwanted access " ? sure , if she let 's her device lying around unlocked , so someone could fire up airdroid and make the connection . but honestly , without airdroid in the same situation the same person simply needed a cable to connect , and could do the same . and as not letting the device lying around unlocked should be a common-sense pre-caution , all stays as safe as before : )
root and download ppp widget from google play
there are two ways to create custom ringtones . 1 ) through an android app from the play store 2 ) real player mp3 cutter which cuts the mp3 from the desired starting time ( from where to start ) and the end time as well ( till where it should play ) now for this- " considering that i do not want to cut the track to the point that i want my ringtone to start from ? " is completely irrelevant because without specifying/cutting the start time how will the audio file start to play as all the audio/video files start from 00:00 . the audio file cannot randomly start anywhere you like . it has to have a point where you need the song to start ( 00:00 till the end but not from 2:50 till end ) . ex :-suppose you have beethoven audio file in which you want the phone to ring from 4:00 till 4:35 i.e. 35 seconds then with the help of a mp3 cutter you will set the starting point from 4:00 and ending point to 4:35 . after you have set the slider then you need to cut that particular portion and it will be set as 00:00 to 00:35 . this song will not replace the original beethoven song but will add an extra song of just 35 secs as a ringtone .
well , i do not think that can be done ! why do not you use several mp3 cutter to cut the song over to the appropriate place you like , there are just load of song cutter apps available over the playstore as well as software are also available for the pc 's . i have tired searching over the playstore and got several apps names mp3 cutter which can help you out with cutting the ringtone to the specific point and then then you can set that as your ringtone .
ok . i found a even more strange thing . the differences are due to the language . if i set my browser language to portuguese suddently i see all the comments that i saw on the other account ( that i was seeing on an android device set to portuguese ) . this is very strange as all comments are written in portuguese . i have not discovered yet how they associate the language to the comment . . . my guess : comments are only visible on the language that they are added . for example : ( this is a guess ) if i add a comment with my browser in portuguese , only people with browsers/devices in portuguese will see it should not the market show all anyway , with somekind of language filter ( our language vs all ) or use google translate to translate all from the start ? does anyone else has a clue about this ? !
if you paid for the pro version of titanium backup , you should have the option to store the backups to several online storage locations . google drive , dropbox , and box are built-in to titanium backup pro . all you need to do is add your account info , then tell your schedule to back up to those locations . this is how my phone is set up . if i lost my phone , i would be able to restore my app settings and call logs/text messages on a new phone through titanium backup . and since i tell google plus to automatically upload photos taken by my camera , i would have photos as well . everything else that matters is already synced with google .
your sd card contains pretty much all the data you need . in addition to app backup , you can also use sms backup+ to backup your texts to the sd card ( and then to the home server ) . titanium backup pro version has an option to backup files to your dropbox folder , so you can use that instead of rsync if you like . also , try to move as much data to the cloud as you can - including contacts , settings , photos etc - you get peace of mind knowing that most things are already backed up even if your phone gets damaged or stolen .
you can still get some trending information about android apps . for example http://www.google.com/trends/?q=angry+birds
if your radio station is an extremely obscure one , there is a high chance that it is available in tunein radio . tunein uses your internet connection ( wifi or 3g ) instead of the fm wave so it does not require fm antennae .
upgrade your phone to latest jellybean stock rom and flash speedmod kernel from odin . right now is one of the most stable combinations for the galaxy s ii . if you want more performance you can always install siyah kernel and tweak it for your needs . also remember to do a full nandroid backup before flashing anything and wipe /system , /data and /cache before installing jb from odin .
no need to worry . as of google+ v4.1 , this is going away . 5 . messenger is going away , hangouts is sticking around now that hangouts provides messaging and video calls across android , ios and the web , we’re removing messenger from the google+ mobile apps ( first on android , then on ios ) . later today you will be able to download all of your messenger conversations ( including text and photos ) from google takeout . the new app is rolling out now and you should have it in the next few days .
check android version . you are already at android 4.2 . resetting to factory setting will not reset it to earlier android version .
i was going to post a complete answer , but this xda thread has everything i was going to say and it would take me too long to reproduce it :p . this post is basically a shortened version of the other , if you prefer that , but it seems you had prefer more detail .
it looks like those roms just do not support app2sd . someone else was asking about it : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=12193603postcount=453
with rooted device , only one account called root with both user and group id of zero is present , does not matter how many accounts there are . similar to mac osx , linux counterparts . there is a singular superuser . apk , all accounts can run an app that requires root privileges . it boils down to what apps have the permission granted . afaik superuser . apk is not multi account aware ? if i am wrong feel free to correct me multiple accounts are only available on tablets , however cannot confirm either as do not have one . : )
i am not sure if it is part of a truly vanilla ics build ( though i think it may be ) , but the early cm9 and vanilla ics builds i have played with all have a " developer options " entry in the main system settings . this contains several options which relate to overall graphics effects such as : window animation scale : can be set to " off " to disable window animations transition animation scale : can also be set to " off " force gpu rendering : apparently tries to force gpu rendering of 2d textures/effects . may improve performance according to some ( this generally caused my evo to overheat , though ) it also has an option named " background process limit " . setting a lower number should help improve performance overall , in theory .
it looks like all of the default ringtones and notification sound files are in /system/media/audio . if you can not get to them when mounting via usb , you should be able to use something like astro file manager to copy the files to your sd card and then get them that way . they just appear to be ogg files .
according to this forum post , the sd card is not fully encrypted . rather , after you enable encryption any new data is encrypted . so for example , if you take a picture , then enable encryption , then take another picture , the first picture will be unencrypted but the second will be encrypted ( assuming your pictures are saved to the sd card ) . if you pull out your sd card and try to look at the pictures elsewhere you will only be able to view picture #1 . however , putting your phone into pc mode and connecting it to a pc will allow you to view and copy both the encrypted and unecrypted files . at least according to that post . so to answer your question : no , you will not lose the ability to plug in your phone to your laptop and edit or view data on the sd card .
i think so . i have files that i used to copy from my sd card to my pc using the usb mass storage option under the " usb connection " pop-up that i could use -- no problem . i checked the flag under settings-> location and security-> data encryption-> storage encryption and now i can not read them . i tried unchecking the box , it says that future files will be decrypted , but existing files will remain encrypted .
the galaxy siii has a better display than typical computer monitors . it has a wider color gamut , which basically means it can accurately display more colors . without color management of some kind , to convert between the color spaces of different output devices , you will get the washed out look on displays with a smaller gamut . it is a double-edged sword , as pictures optimized for smaller gamuts will look over-saturated on the siii . that is a common complaint among siii reviewers . there are apps for doing color management , but i have not personally tried any of them . another option is to do the conversion on a desktop application , like photoshop .
make sure that you are taking the photos at full resolution from the camera and also that compression after uploading is not enabled . to be absolutely sure upload few photos on dropbox and view them on pc . check it is resolution on your pc .
for continuity across all android device sizes , from phones to tablets , the android team completely removed the old tablet layout from 4.4 going forward . it is no longer there so it is not something that can just be switched on . it would have to be built back into the rom , so you may ask your rom developer or look to see if a rom has already done this .
i cannot comment on how reputable they are - i have not had any issues but your milage may vary - but i was able to install chrome on my kindle fire hd via the http://1mobile.com marketplace . you have to register and install their client on your kindle , but then it works like the built-in appstore . i would use it for free apps ( and check the permissions any app asks for ) . on the whole i have not found much improvement using chrome vs silk ( partly because some of the chrome functionality requires google services - eg for login - and that is not present ) but if you need it then it seems to be a good way to go , and it keep it up to date as new releases are made available
check out this link that is what you want : htc
i expect that this is going to depend on the ad network . what you have seen apparently works on admob , but as to whether other ad networks will require a connection or will display cached ads , i could not say . by the way , astro file manager pro ( no ads ) is only $3.99 .
most ads require internet access . if you remove the internet access , then it should not load the ads ( unless they are somehow cached ? ) . if he really , really , really wants to get rid of ads all together , you can install the adfree app on rooted phones . it will remove ads from the browser , from apps , etc . anything that is in its blacklist will refuse to load . however , developers do try to make a living and often provide their apps for free at the cost of a little advertising . you may also want to try and explain this to him and if he really likes the app he can support the developer further by purchasing the full ( ad free ) version . no money , no developers .
fortunately there is no region-locking for phones , just carrier locking . if your phone came with european firmware then you should probably stick with european firmware . ideally you had be able to find something from your carrier even if it was re-packaged by someone for odin . as for your network settings , there are a couple possibilities . you may need to supply the apn information , which you can usually find by doing a web search for "&lt ; carrier&gt ; apn " or similar . you might also need to flash a different modem if the one you have is buggy or otherwise incompatible with your device/carrier .
just buy any android phone and you can easily have all of the features of an itouch and more . i am sure you could find one on ebay now for $100 or less . maybe an old g1 or something like that . you can use cell phones just fine without activating them , including android phones . but you will want an android that has wifi in it if you will not be activating it . that way you can still use the marketplace and such . update : i forgot that you could also look at devices supported by rockbox . you will not likely get anywhere near the functionality of android or ios , but might be enough for you depending on the device .
at this time there is not a way to attach a contact . you would have to copy and paste the details or use a different messaging app . hangouts is still lacking in many essential features , unfortunately .
each " hangout " you create is a seperate entity . if i open a chat with you only , then that is a hangout , and nobody can be added to it . if i open a chat with you and abqnm for example , that is a new hangout . and so on . so if you are talking to me and we decide to bring abqnm into the hangout , you need to click the + symbol for a new hangout , and me and then add abqnm into it . it is a whole new entity . if we then want a third person it . . . you guessed it another new hanout needs to be created .
please try this . to setup proxy address on avd : go to settings> wireless and networks> mobile networks> mobile networks settings> access point names add access point by clicking "+" button and then type favorite name for name , favorite name for apn , fixed proxy and port . if necessary put user name and password . to setup dns address on avd : run below command . emulator -avd &lt ; machine_name&gt ; -dns-server &lt ; dns_ip_address&gt ; fyi : https://developer.android.com/tools/devices/emulator.html#dns
you could make use of e.g. tasker -- an automation tool which can react on different situations and handle a lot of things ( basically , sometimes i think 80% of questions like " how can i . . . with android ? " could be answered by " use tasker ! " . though it does not come " cheap " , on the developers website you can get a 7-day trial to check first . it is worth every cent of its 5 bucks ! ) . so with tasker , you do simple math : condition + task = profile  for your case , it is probably something like . . . profile " docked-in-car " conditions : ( they are always connected by and with tasker ) " headphones plugged " " docked " tasks : " audio -> mic mute " optionally : " keyguard off " optionally : " display timeout 0" ( as it is connected to a power source , so you can continually see what is displayed ) most likely : " start app -> [ music-app ] " . save and go . now , when you dock your sgs2 and plug in the 3.5mm cord , mic should be muted -- and additionally some other nice actions executed .
i wrote an app named soundabout . you could change the media audio setting to " wired headset ( with mic ) " . if your headphones have a mic , it will use it . if your headphones do not have a mic , then there will be no microphone used at all .
the widgets referred to in the question are touchwiz-specific widgets . they will only show up in touchwiz because they do not use the standard android widget interface . i have found some references to samsung releasing a touchwiz sdk to develop such widgets , but those articles are from 2009 and the links they contain now lead to samsung 's developer home page , rather than to a specific page . i have also seen references to some of the widgets being ported to work on any android phone , but i can not confirm as xda seems to be down at the moment .
on my android 4.0.4 if i click on the picture of the contact , i get option to save it .
if the files were stored on a physical microsd card , you may be able to use file recovery software on your computer . there are a number of undelete and recovery software options , but many cost money . http://pcinspector.de has a flash memory recovery tool for free ( smart recovery handles flash memory ) . writing more data to the card increases the chance that the file will be overwritten before you recover it .
i do not know about keyboard shortcuts for answering a call on android . what you can do is to connect a usb mouse and use mouse gestures that replicate touch input , it is cumbersome but it should work . i have been doing that on a tablet with a similar problem .
wait till till go to the verizon store . they can set up your number on your new phone while they desk with your phone transfer .
you most likely have damage some critical files that are preventing your device from booting properly , with this in mind , you can try : one-click unbrick credits go to adamoutler at xda-developers forum . about one-click unbrick will work on all samsung devices which use odin3 is a single , portable executable is the first one-click anything for our devices on linux works on mac works on windows is open source is programmed in java deploys and installs heimdall for your os is super easy to use . . . . only one button ! instructions copy oneclick . jar to your desktop or any other folder on your computer . it will not work on a network share . double click the file to run it . as long as you have java installed on your machine you are up and running . linux users : mark this file as executable : chmod +x OneClick.jar  all platforms : double click to run , or , right click and open with java , or from command line : java -jar OneClick.jar  windows users : for some versions of windows as a work around to uac ( user access control , the annoying popups ) , a executable called " oneclickloader . exe " has been deployed to the same folder as oneclick . jar . it is important that you do not rename oneclick . jar until after running oneclickloader . exe right click oneclickloader . exe and select " run as administrator " setup should be run-of-the-mill . attention : have you tried to go back to download mode ? if it is still able to go back into download mode , you do not need this software . just turn your captivate into the download mode and flash back to stock eclair or froyo using odin 1 click or whatever similar . links : click here to download one-click unbrick 10july11 from googlecode you will need java installed on your computer : do you have java ?
using the heimdall one click collection , i was able to restore my device back to the stock rom . in windows , it requires the visual studio c++ runtime . after putting the phone in download mode , all you need to do is to press the flash button .
there is an app available from google play store that does just that , you select the app you want to load , the lockscreen appears , you unlock the phone and you are on the selected app . active lockscreen by : celltick last updated on july 24 , 2013 description active lockscreen brings together fast access to your favorite apps and full personalization features for your android phone . your favorite apps , your latest contacts , your photo gallery , are available within just one click . active comes with hundreds of themes and appetizers available to download that let you flip through your social and news feeds directly on your home screen . after installing , you can use one swipe on your new lock screen to : call your favorite numbers , recent contacts or open the phone’s dialer view and access your personalized photo gallery launch recently used apps or predefined apps stream social media updates on your locked screen send text messages or communicate through skype , whatsapp , viber , email and gmail launch your camera or any picture related apps such as instagram , mobli and more read personalized content that are streamed with a preview
could be a overheating problem especially if you are using live wallpapers and leave the radios ( wifi , bluetooth , gps and mobile data ) on . is your device in some time of case ? that might prevent cooling . . . i have run into this problem occasionally and have learned to turn off things .
check your settings within google play music for ' stream via wifi only ' . if you have this set , and you are out of range , the streaming cannot continue until you return within range . it may just be coincidental to always appear consistently at that time or range . also remember about caching . caching may queue a number of songs , making it appear to extend range .
i am surprised by what you are saying , so let me recap . yes , most networks send out their ssid ( it is called a beacon ) . if your wifi is enabled and you have not disabled scanning then your phone will listen for those beacons and try to match the ssid in the beacon against your phone 's list of ssid 's . depending on your settings it will also use the beacon to determine your current location and possibly even send the beacon 's mac address to google so google can keep its wifi location database up-to-date . so far this is all passive - it is just listening for beacons . the phone does not need to actively try to connect to networks unless some of the networks do not send out beacons ( hidden networks , as mentioned by @chahk ) . but even if you have some hidden networks in your list , i thought that android did not actively try to scan for those networks ( send out probe requests ) . actually , i remember people complaining about this , and 3rd party apps being written to address it , e.g. see " hiddenssid enabler " in the play store . has this changed ? can you tell me where you read about this ? if so , the only solution i can think of is to purge hidden networks from your list of known networks .
the only way to decrypt your phone is by doing a factory reset
without the encryption key , you will not be able to decrypt the files on the sd card . your only option , in this case , is to format the sd card and start over . the idea of encryption is that nobody can access your files without the encryption key . in the case of android , your encryption key is not the password you use to unlock the device . that password is just a password of a password .
no . bad cellphone coverage decreases battery life because the phone has to transmit with more power to be able to communicate back to the cell tower . it is like when you can barely hear someone hollering at you : you shout louder too to make sure they can hear you . but gps is a one-way signal : the phone only receives it , it does not transmit anything . it does not matter how much attenuation there is : either the phone can hear or it can not . the only way a weak gps signal would cause more power use is if you leave the screen turned on waiting for an app to get a position fix :- )
i will neither say yes or a no to this question . : ) debateable - if you are acquiring a gps fix through wifi , you will not get it in the woods or mountains : ) however , if pulling 3g data across in order to acquire a fix , the question then steps in , how much battery juice is eaten up when trying to get a good " proper " signal ( in between switching masts to get a better signal threshold ) etc . ( this ties in with @dan 's answer here ) do not forget some apps will attempt to get a location as well facebook is one example of such app . depends on what apps installed that have location permission , and as well as for services running in the background , all of these , will inevitably , slurp juice trying to run to obtain a gps fix . so user bias can come in there as well . one handset with just maps will claim its fast , another handset with facebook , maps , g+ , foursquared will claim its slow .
gps generally affects battery life significantly only when used ( in standby , its energy consumption is neglible , usually far below 1 mw ) . but when it tries to aquire a fix ( i.e. . you want to know your current position ) , it might reach consumption values comparable to your device 's screen ( ~500 mw ) . so in your described situation , it might influence battery life . but the " if " and the " how much " depends on how often apps try to aquire a fix . while this usually is done in foreground ( i.e. . you actively trigger it ) , there might well be apps using it in background , such as e.g. location reminders .
gps eat up battery , as described in how much does “gpsing” drain the battery ? . but i have no clue is poor gps reception decreases battery significantly . and i also read this somewhere : GPS only takes up battery life when something uses the fine position permission . however , it drains more battery if you allow the gps to be assisted by your network provider . in the samsung galaxy s4 , this is found in System settings &gt; More &gt; Location Services &gt; Use wireless networks . it will use network information to make gps location even more accurate based on network cell sites that are found nearby . and if network is poor ( e . g . 1-bar signal ) , the phone works harder and drains more power .
is the usb icon on the virtualbox enabled on the guest os . if that is disabled , the usb on the host side will not pass it through the guest , this requires the handset plugged in host side . it is a small icon on the bottom of the vm window , near the hard disk where it shows blinking activity ? click on that , to enable usb pass-through . are you intending to flash the device from within a vm ?
most secure way : backup all apps with their data with titaniumbackup . backup all data from sdcard . delete some apps to free space on device 's memory . check if all transfer-checkboxes in s2e are available now . if not - free up some more space . transfer all apps , data etc back to device 's memory in s2e . format sdcard again with setting sd-ext partition size bigger or equal than current . restore all data to sdcard . reconfigure s2e without ticking " mount as ext4" option ! restore all apps in titaniumbackup . please , be very careful . i am not responding for any damage or data loss . please , correct me if something missed or excess here .
on samsung galaxy s ii ( and possibly other similar phones ) the stock music player app can do this . just open the mp3 in any file manager , choose to play it with the stock music player , hit menu and select Use as... and Ringtone . another option is to use doubletwist player to show the music by artist/album and long-press the song you want , then select Use as ringtone . this way you do not have to select from one long list , but the downside is you can not use your file manager to browse , you are stuck with artist/album grouping . also , you could check out ringtone maker , you can browse files in menu -> browse . . . . this also has the ability to play , chop and edit volume/fade .
it is entirely possible that your carrier 's network has noticed you downloading large files and throttled or shaped your bandwidth - particularly if that file put you over 2gb of data for the month , which it sounds like it would have .
if you are trying to download dvd images , you probably hit the 4gb size limit of the fat32 file system . this can only be circumvented by using another file system , such as ntfs or ext2/3/4 . but , unfortunately , the odds are your phone does not support these formats , so you can not download files this large if you can not find them split into smaller parts . of course you can try to reformat your sd card as ntfs and see if the phone recognizes it , but do not hold your breath .
install astro file manager . go to its Preferences from options menu and check Enable Browser Download . ignore warning and tap ok ( the warning is fake ; it has been patched ) . now , you can download any type of files from web using dolphin browser hd .
if you look at this video from the google i/o conference and the slides you can see that they show how much wifi , the cpu , screen , gps , accelerometer etc . use in a device . here is the video and the slides . a quick summary in case the links go down : this shows the amount of battery used by the components in milliamps ( ma ) . another unit needed is milliamp hours ( mah ) which is what battery capacity is measured in , a typical smartphone might have 1600mah capacity . having just the screen on we can see how long the device may last by dividing the capacity ( 1600 mah ) by the usage ( ~100 ma ) giving us 16 hours of use with just the lcd screen on . it is an interesting video if you take the time to watch the whole thing . it discusses wake locks , where an app will wake up the device to update itself , and how they affect battery life which is an aspect i do not usually consider about applications .
for the actual sensors ( accelerometer etc ) they report there nominal power consumption in the api . there are apps that let you see this , i use z-devicetest for this . in practice the values for the sensors are normally dwarfed by the cpu which has to be active to do anything with the data and you often have the screen on which is of course even worse normaly .
for the first part- samsung has notes on the system updates on their site . i am not sure what provider you are using , but you should be able to get to what you are looking for if you start at : http://www.samsung.com/us/support/ use the " start by entering . . . " search bar in the middle of the screen to pull up your specific note ii phone and scroll down to the " support overview " section . for the model i looked up , the " which version of the android™ platform does my samsung note ii use ? " question is already in the frequently asked questions list , but if not , use the search bar just about that . i did not check every device , but it certainly looks like it is the kit kat update that is been downloaded . for the second part- i am working off the assumption that your note is not rooted . upfront note ( haha ) : i do not have a note ii here with me , so i am going off reference materials and memory on the exact option names in the menus . these steps should let you disable the notification until you re-enable automatic updates . go to ' settings ' click ' more ' click ' about device ' click ' software update ' uncheck the ' auto update – check for updates automatically ' option when the update prompt is in your notifications , pull down the notification list and do the following : press and hold down on the update until you get a ' app info ' option click ' app info ' click ' clear cache ' click ' clear data '
this depends on the device . there are devices that have more accurate sensors , which can display the distance in cm correctly , but some sensors only report the distance as " near " or " far " . if your device only gives the two states , android uses the sensor 's maximum detectable distance as the " far " state ( in this case , 9cm ) and 0 as the " near " state ( which translates to 0cm ) . source : position sensors | android developers
you need to install the correct drivers for the device . i am not familiar with the device in question , but it seems that there are two drivers available on the gionee mobile india site . try installing one of the drivers there and then connect your device again .
no programming is required in this case . you need to make little changes to you text file so that it looks like below : ================ name , phone rakesh patel , 9825798257 ramesh patel , 8758965854 ============== first row should be column header : name , phone name and number should have a comma as a separator . change file extension to * . csv then go to google contacts ==> click more and select import and upload the csv file . this will import all your contacts to google account . then add same google account to your device ( if not added already ) . if sync option is already enabled , your contacts , calendar etc . will start syncing with google account data when your device is connected to internet . ( if sync is disabled , you need to enable it first )
for tilting , from : bluestacks goes into beta , supports more apps the latest version of bluestacks also offers accelerometer support . no , you won’t have to tilt your computer to use it , just hit the arrow keys – the up arrow tilts forward , the down arrow tilts back toward you , and the left and right arrows tilt left and right ( surprise surprise ) . unfortunately for shake as of from four months back , from : need to shake the " phone " how i do this ? this functionality is not available with current version of bluestacks app player . stay tuned for future version with its fix .
Settings &gt; Accounts &gt; Google &gt; Google+ &gt; UNCHECK "Keep Contacts up to date"
i did not want all of my google contacts to display because that is not where i store phone # 's . i was able to get the gs3 to only show contacts that have a phone # by going to : contacts > click on settings button , scroll to bottom and click on settings again and then choose " only contacts with phones " . this way , i have my google contacts on there , but not the ones that i use only for emailing .
an option i went with was that in my g-mail account , i deleted all my contacts . i then synced my s3 with my google account so that it updated with the 0 contact list . once i cleared my contact list from my phone , i unchecked the syncing option so that i would not have this problem again . back on my gmail account , i undid deleting the contacts so that i could retain my contact list in my email ( revert it back to before this process ) , but still have 0 of those contacts on my s3 . hope that helps ( even though it is 2 months late ) .
if sparx 's answer is not an option , the i suggest to simply hide the google+ contacts in the app . this does not prevent syncing but it is a sufficient solution . for ics open the contacts app , select the list view and press the context menu button , which should present a menu with the " contacts to display " option .
open the google+ app . click the menu button and choose settings . uncheck add contacts from google+
the nexus 7 is probably one of the easiest android devices to root - and all you need is the android sdk ( and 2 downloads ) . step 1 install the adb and fastboot commands . on ubuntu these can be downloaded using apt: sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb android-tools-fastboot on windows you should download the android sdk , however you can just download this zip which contains the adb , fastboot and dependencies . step 2 on your nexus 7 , go to System Settings-&gt;Developer Options-&gt;Check USB Debugging ( you may need to slide the toogle switch in the action bar to on ) . if you do not see the usb debugging option , go to System Settings-&gt;About Tablet-&gt;Tap on 'Build Number' 7 times . connect your nexus to your computer . step 3 make sure the drivers have downloaded and installed if you are on windows - windows update should automatically find them . once connected , open up a terminal window ( windows : win+r , type cmd press enter . ubuntu : ctrl + alt + t ) and navigate to where you have unzipped the fastboot and adb programs ( no need to do this on linux - they are in the path ) . step 3.5 type adb backup -all -nosystem to backup your userdata to the backup.ab file . step 4 type adb reboot-bootloader and press enter . your nexus 7 will reboot into fastboot mode . step 5 when the device is in fastboot mode , type fastboot oem unlock and press enter . read the information on the device , and touch the Yes option . your bootloader will be unlocked . this will erase all userdata ! step 6 download the latest twrp recovery image from this page . save it in the same location as the fastboot binary . issue the fastboot flash recovery twrp.img command to flash this recovery image . step 7 almost done ! using the on-device fastboot controls , reboot into the recovery menu . select Advanced then ADB Sideload . download the latest supersu zip file and save it to the same location as adb and fastboot . do not unzip it step 8 issue the command adb sideload CWM-SuperSU-v0.99.zip , and then reboot the device . you are now rooted ! step 9 type adb restore &lt;backup file made in 3.5&gt; to restore backup .
not really an android question ( rather linux/shell/bash ) , but i give the credit of the missing executable . so : for i in * ; do j=`echo $i | tr '[a-m][n-z][A-M][N-Z]' '[n-z][a-m][N-Z][A-M]'`; mv "$i" "$j"; done 
open facebook on your browser instead of running the facebook . app . tap on any photo to open the context menu with download option .
you can download chat shared photos on android . i saw a quick tip here .
touch the image and it will be viewed bigger . then hold the menu button . a menu will come up . go for Settings - Save Image to save the image and it will be saved to your photo album .
according to this thread you are not alone : poweramp hijacks the headset controls ( wired and bt ) from all my other media players . . . i use headset controls with the stock mp3 player , pandora , xiialive , and fm radio . . they all surrender the headset controls when not in use , but when i bring poweramp in the mix the headset controls only work with poweramp . . i went into the headset options in poweramp and disabled everything , that stops the controls in poweramp , but does not restore the headset controls to the other players when i want to use them . . . but according to the last post by the dev this should fix it assuming you are running latest version ( uninstalling would probably restore control as well ) : not exactly . i have made today a workaround i mentioned above - so unchecking headset buttons option in poweramp now should properly redirect next button presses to other players ( applies to 2.2 only ) . this will be included in next minor release , coming beginning of the next week . thanks for the report again .
if the bug has been fixed in poweramp as toxmox says , i would try a factory reset . hopefully that will fix whatever happened to the system and the fixed poweramp will not do it again . you can backup everything with rom manager or just your apps/data with titanium backup ( both require root ) . edit : i suppose my final suggestion would be to flash a stock rom ( e . g . this official 2.2.1 ) through odin with " re-partition " checked . steps : i recommend using rom manager to make a complete backup of your system , then copying that backup to your computer ( because odin will format your phone ) . take out your phone 's battery , plug it into usb , and put in the battery while holding both volume buttons . this will put it into firmware download mode . start odin . if it does not see the device , unplug it and plug it back in . load the " s1_odin_20100512 . pit " file ( comes with odin ) in the pit field of odin . load the downloaded rom in the pda field of odin . make sure re-partition is checked . hit start . if odin fails or it seems like nothing is happening for about 10 minutes or so , try again from step ( 2 ) . sometimes odin is finicky . this should get you a completely clean system .
from what i can see from this site ( in spanish ) : this is a specific advertising service that only the Movistar network seems to push to phones . the only solution i found is to disable the " sim toolkit " application , Settings &gt; Applications &gt; SIM Toolkit but this may require root access to your device . removing sim toolkit according to android forum users can be removed without any issues . i would Disable it rather than take the nuclear deletion option personally . from the link : has not been on my phone in a year . . . no problems without it - that i am aware of . and i know for a fact that 4g works without it . . . has not been on my phone for the last year - and every rom i could flash made no difference . i am really temped to believe that simtoolkit is for metro 's various services/bloatware ( where they monitor data usage - for whatever reason ) from wikipedia : sim application toolkit ( commonly referred to as stk ) is a standard of the gsm system which enables the subscriber identity module ( sim ) to initiate actions which can be used for various value-added services . these so called ' value added services ' are what you want to remove . alternatively you could contact movistar and see if they can stop it , tell them it is crashing your device or causing you issues and ask what can be done . depending on your contract you could move to another network also .
check out an app called go sms pro . update : sorry if it were not clear . the op included a request for an app to block the alerts . i inferred the alert was coming in through the messaging system . you can block messages by their source with this app . press/hold for a menu . click on block this source . this app , is available via the play store . you get there on the android by clicking " play google " . type in " go sms " . that is the exact name of the app . if your carrier is using something different from the messages system , this will not work . it did clear out a lot of messages i was getting on my android .
press the home button so all screens are shown , then long hold the screen you want as default home screen , then drag it to center of the screen and let go , hey presto .
in most android phones you can change your home screen . simply download any " home screen replacement " app from the market . you do not need to be rooted , nor install costum rom . tips : download " home switcher " apps to easily change your home screen . if you do not use home switcher , you will need to go to Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage application &gt; **current home screen** &gt; Clear defaults &gt; Press Home button . hint : htc wildfire 's home screen is htc sense
on the home screen , tap menu > personalize home screen tabs . to move a tab , tap and hold the icon before the tab name , and then drag it up or down the tabs list . to hide a tab , clear the check box at the right of the tab name . tap done .
xbmc remote for android has playlist control , but when i last used it it was pretty basic and buggy . it is probably better by now . you will need to set up a monitor to get xbmc up and running and configure it to use the xbmc remote . after that you should be good to go headless .
android 's version of squeezebox . . . is squeezebox ! i do currently use my android phone as a remote for my squeezebox . i have got the squeezebox server installed on my server , and i have the android squeezecontrol app installed on my phone . it is handy for skipping unwanted tracks from another room , and for starting the music playing before you walk through your front door . you can also connect to the mp3 stream that squeezebox broadcasts to listen from your phone .
you could install xbmc on the linux box then use the xbmc remote app on your android device to control the media playing through xbmc .
i would recommend installing mpd on the linux server and an mpd client on the android device . the squeezebox server software does not play audio directly so you would have to either install a player like softsqueeze or squeezeplay on the server , or use another music application to play the mp3 stream . you did not ask about it , but if you want to play music stored on linux server through your android , you can also install the squeezebox server ( now called logitech media server ) on the same linux server , and install squeeze player on your android along with any squeezebox controller app ( i have found squeezedroid and squeezecontrol to be best ) .
until there is a real answer , some hints to , hm , other solutions : a thread at droidrzr . com mentions how to mod external sd card to be primary . the initial post speaks of a " flashable zip " , but unfortunately gives no link to it . further down in the very same thread is a short how-to for rooted users , a similar one can be found at the xda forum : mount /system read-write use a file editor to navigate to /system/etc locate vold.fstab , make a backup of it ( copy it to your card , or copy it to something like vold.fstab.orig ) , and open it with an editor scroll down to the line saying # external sd card below that , change the line reading dev_mount sdcard-ext /mnt/sdcard-ext: to dev_mount sdcard /mnt/sdcard: scroll further don to # internal eMMC below that , change the line dev_mount sdcard /mnt/sdcard:: to dev_mount sdcard-ext /mnt/sdcard-ext:: reboot now you should have swapped the internal and external card , and the latter should be used by default -- as it was with previous android versions . warning : i have not tried this myself ( did not yet succeed in rooting my tablet -- and my phones still run gingerbread ) , so do it on your own risk ! i will not be liable to . . . whatever , you know the disclaimer . however , the worst i can imagine happening is that it would not work , and you would neither see your internal nor your external card anymore . in that case , simply restore your backed-up original vold.fstab , and you should return to the state you have started with . edit : also for rooted users , but easier to use : on the playstore you can find apps like ics sd binder 1 and root external 2 internal sd 2 , which should apply above steps automatically ( click image to enlarge ) :
i have a workaround that does not require root , at least for your issue with sygic . i just used it on my husband 's new xperia j to move sygic to his external sd , because we had exactly the same issue as @rita . install fx file manager from the app store . then simply cut and paste the sygix folder from main storage to ext_card . i had my doubts that the app would work after that , but it does ! the original shortcut sygic installs still opens the program ok and even better , any new maps you download will go into the sygic folder on the ext_card - so no more filling up that 2gb internal sd . it does not solve the issue of making the ext_card the default , but if you are wary of rooting your phone , it is a good alternative .
you do not need to do all that rooting business . just download an app such as astro cloud for free , and using that you just move whatever file , video , music etc that you want in a copy and paste way to your ext sd . in astro cloud it explains how to do it . its really easy to use .
sony has launched a new line of usb flash drives designed to work with smartphones and tablets as well as pcs . on one end there’s a full-sized usb connector which you can plug into a desktop or notebook . but if you lift the cap , you’ll find it’s hiding a tiny micro usb connector . you can plug the micro usb connector into most android phones or tablets and the drive will show up as external storage , allowing you to copy files to and from your mobile device . then you can plug the other end of the flash drive into your pc . currently the drives only work for devices running android 4.0.3-4.3 , but support for android 4.4 is being addressed . the drives come in 8 , 16 , and 32gb variants . read more here . alternatively if your phone has root , then you maybe interested in meenova . this comprehensive review entitled " the meenova micro-sd card reader for android " will provide more info , as will this video review .
you would need to root your android in order to be able to do this . once done , you can link , map , move internal sdcard app folders to external this works for any app , game folders . if you know linux , it create symlinks .
you can move the apps in your phone memory to your internal storage easily with your app settings . goto Settings -&gt; Apps and select the apps you want to move . then click the move to internal storage button . or use an app like app to sd to do this conveniently . if you want to make your sd card the default location , go through the below steps . install android sdk connect your device with usb debugging enabled run the command Cd C:android-Sdk-Windowsplatform-Tools in cmd enter the command adb devices and you should see your attached device listed on the screen . enter the command adb shell pm getInstallLocationwhich will show you the current value of installlocation of your device . it would be one among the following : 0 [Auto]: Let The Phone Decide The Best Location For An App 1 [Internal]: It Installs Everything In The Internal Storage 2 [External]: It Installs Everything In The Memory Card enter the command adb shell pm setInstallLocation 2 to change the install location to external memory . if everything works fine , you would not see any message on the screen . you can now disconnect your device from the pc . refer this for more information and screencaps
go launcher , launch the drawer , click application settings , click app drawer scrolling orientation , set vertical continuous or vertical loop and then vertical waterfall . win .
the drawer and its animation effects are part of the launcher ( a . k.a. home ) app . stock launcher in aosp ( android open source project ) , which cm and many other custom roms are based on , has not included this particular effect since honeycomb ( android 3 . x ) . you can most probably find the app drawer 's " cube " scrolling effect in 3rd-party launcher replacement apps . i would start looking at google play store for various launcher apps ( e . g . apex launcher , awd . launcher , etc . )
whatsapp is installed on the /system partition on your device . which means , your device manufacturer decided to include the app in the device firmware . a factory reset can only remove the apps which you installed yourself which are present on the /data partition . to remove system apps you need to need to root your device and delete the app from the /system/app/ directory .
note : this is based on samsung galaxy s4 ( android 4.2.2 ) in gallery , click all beside the gallery ( flower ) icon . then , press left menu button , and select Sort by latest ( if you see Sort by oldest , then your pictures are already sorted by latest .
you almost certainly have a rogue app , which a reboot usually fixes . however , in the long run it would be best to discover the app ( s ) that cause your battery issues so it does not catch you off guard when you really need you device to retain it is charge . first , you will need some idea of how apps use the battery . all apps use the battery ( to varying degrees ) while they are active ( i.e. . when you are actively using them ) , but some apps also consume your battery even when they are not active . there are many reasons for this , but the most common is that they need to perform some action , such are checking for new email . these tasks are performed by services ( belonging to the app ) , which run in the background . in order to be able to do their tasks when the device is sleeping ( i.e. . when the screen is turned off ) , these services use " wakelocks " . for background tasks , apps use " partial wakelocks" ; which basically means the processor wakes up , but the screen remains off . in a perfect world , an app would request a wakelock , perform it is task , and then release the wakelock ; this happens quite frequently and only lasts for a very short period of time ( milliseconds to seconds ) . the battery cost of these operations are generally quite low , and their benefits far outweigh this cost . as for discovering your rogue app , the standard battery status provides a good starting point , but you will need to use a 3rd party app that can show you the wakelocks used by each app . in particular i find wake lock detector very useful . it is free and can display both full and partial wakelocks . the app will basically show you the amount of time for which wakelocks have been active per application ( or service ) . when you have a rogue app , it is usually very easy to spot as it will have unusually high usage compared to the others . you mention that maps shows up in your battery usage ; this happens because many applications that request your current location pass this request on to the maps app ( it is location service ) , which performs the action and provides your location to the app requesting it . this is very normal , and usually nothing to be concerned with . some apps can however issue the location request too frequently - which would have an adverse affect on your battery . most decent apps provide a setting for the frequency they perform these update requests .
most of the information is available in Settings -> About Phone -> Status but you can also use an app from the market called battery info ( i am sure there are others as well ) and it will show you all the information on the battery . this app also has a widget that can display some information too . at the time of me writing this it is not possible in the android sdk to get the raw mah value so you wont find any apps that can display the exact mah , only how charged the battery is in percent , and what is drained .
the app should at least be found in settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps , where you should be able to uninstall it . alternatively you can visit the playstore website , log in with your credentials , go to " my android apps " , select your device ( in case you have got more than one in there ) , find the app in that list , and remove it by hitting the trashcan-symbol . if all this fails ( the second alternative should not , but who knows ) , your " last resort " will be a factory-reset of your phone ( which will remove all data and all apps you have installed ) .
yes you can safely delete the folder . for details and a permanent solution ( to stop regeneration of this folder ) check this
i have this issue too on an archos arnova 10cg3 tablet . it looks like the system is reading/writing to the nand flash ( your internal storage on which the system + the apps are stored ) and that fails for some reason . try to do a factory reset and if that does not fix the problem , send the tablet back for rma . the nand chip could have failed or the system is not properly configured to read from it .
perhaps the reason why your old photos survive flashes is because there may be a secondary internal flash memory that is separate from both the memory used for the os ( root ) and the removable microsd slot . ( i know my phone is like this . ) not sure why they would still be there after a factory reset though . have you tried removing them using a file manager app like es file explorer , astro , etc ? another suggestion would be to verify that the photos are not owned by root . if they are you could try removing them using the android terminal emulatorandroid terminal emulator app with root privileges , or try connecting your phone to your computer and delete them using the android debug bridge .
uc browser already has capability of forced zoom on mobile sites - and not only that , but the possibility of automatic text wrap when zooming . as far as i know , it is the only browser to have this behavior . plus , with hardware acceleration browsing is just smooth on low specs smartphones , like i have : )
you can use chrome or opera mobile . they support zooming the web pages
just found the setting in chrome . if you go to settings -> accessibility and then tick the option " force enable zoom " then you should be able to zoom in on any site . ( i have read a few sites still manage to stop you , but the vast majority should then work ) .
such as these ? audioscopelt - beautiful lines spectral audio analyzer audio visualizer
make sure you have right drivers intalled on pc for your phone . try rebooting after that . regards .
autokiller memory optimizer ( root only ) or auto memory manage it is not specific to the dialer but you can give the dialer a higher priority .
the linux command nice and renice ( use terminal ) might be what you are looking for . the renice program is used to set the cpu and io scheduling priority of a running process ; the higher the nice value ( the nicer the program ) the lower the scheduling priority , and programs with low nice value ( iow , " mean" ) have higher scheduling priority . however , i am not quite sure how nice values are used by android framework . in here : http://code.google.com/p/openeclair/issues/detail?id=97 it is hinted that home apps prevents itself from being killed by setting itself with a very low nice value ; and unless android kernel deviates from upstream linux kernel by way too much , the cpu and io scheduler should use nice value to prioritize cpu and io scheduling . you might need to be rooted and have busybox .
i do not think there is any way to prioritize threads/apps in android . programatically you had set thread priority here , but it would be your threads in your app . you should not be able to do this against someone else 's app unless you had their developer signature as all applications are sandboxed from each other ( unless permission is given ) . instead , i would focus on trying to improve overall performance on your phone : conserve memory : reduce the number of running services delete apps that you do not use ( especially those that are spawning services ) overclocking ( requires root and will drain more battery , but could be allieviated some by running an under voltage kernel ) or installing a custom mod with performance tweaks as a side note , overclocking the motorola droid makes it hell of a lot more responsive than the default 550-600mhz clock speed , but i find the battery drain to be too much unless i have my phone plugged in to a power source . if you carry a spare battery around like me , it may not be that big of a deal you are right to not use a task killer . the android os was built to handle tasks appropriately and you would otherwise waste resources running an auto-kill service every x minutes ( because those killed tasks are just going to re-spawn ) and potentially cause other problems ( killing a task that is writing to the sd card , for instance , could cause file corruption ) . the only thing task killers are good for are for what you would normally use one for : to kill hung up processes .
i do not see how the duration of the charge would relate to whether or not it is harmful to the smartphone . i have never seen any documentation that keeping a phone plugged in perpetually ( whether plugged into usb , ac or dc ) would cause any harm to the phone itself . an argument could be made that it is harmful to the battery . constant charging is not generally a problem for lithium ion polymer batteries ( which most new cell phone batteries are ) . it is in fact better to frequently charge them , and not let them fully discharge . one factor that does degrade the battery life of all lithium ion batteries is heat . the more heat it is exposed to the faster it will lose capacity , so i can see how keeping it plugged in may keep it warmer longer and theoretically degrade the battery life . here are a couple good resources discussing battery life : http://batteryuniversity.com/learn/article/how_to_prolong_lithium_based_batteries http://www.droidforums.net/forum/tech-issues-bug-reports-suggestions/1974-understanding-battery-life.html
this is more like a manual job , but can be done . with titanium backup pro/donate version , you have this feature ( compare versions here ) : backup/restore sms , mms , call log , bookmarks and wi-fi networks in the portable xml format ! you can combine both sms backups into a single xml file format and restore it to your phone all in one . afterwards , perform a backup like you usually do , to have it all together . ps : will probably require you to go back and forward , but here 's a guide : backup to xml the existent sms on your device ; restore the old sms to the device ; backup the old sms to xml ; edit both xml files to merge them ; restore all back to your device . you can refer to titanium backup website to collect more information or to request support from the developers .
edit notifications off is an android app available in play store , it will help you to make profiles so that you can block some/all app notifications . root is required for the app to work . there is feature called " quiet hours " in cm 10.1 . it is available for your nexus 7 . just install that rom and set a time interval . during that time period you can mute notifications , notification light and disable vibrations . settings --> sound --> quiet hours or if you prefer to use asop , you can uncheck the Show Notification option in apps info .
solution : the closest solution would probably be to use ' gravitybox ' ( which is an xposed module for android ) . this is by far the most utile xposed module i found . one of its many features is to block incoming notifications completely/partially ! i highly recommend it whether you want a notification blocker or not ! ( visit gravitybox for more information ) requirements : rooted android smartphone xposed framework easy to install . . . just download the apk from xposed installer gravitybox can be installed using xposed to install gravitybox : from the xposed installer app , visit the ' downloads ' tab and simply search and download ' gravitybox ' module switch to the modules tab and tick to enable the ' gravitybox ' module open the ' gravitybox ' app and navigate to statusbar tweaks-> ongoing notification blocker customize the blocking of notifications restart your phone and experience notification blocking
beyond what you have already done , you can not . the market requires you to have your google account added to your phone , and this naturally stores data such as your email address even if you do not sync email .
there are a vast multitude of app manager apps in the play store . i use the android system info app but it does more than just management . as for your exchange issue what are you using to sync ? i know the android pre-installed has issues with exchange depending on how the server is setup and each version has different quirks . you may try using touchdown to see if it will get all of your contact information into the phone , however it is only a free trial and i believe $20 after that .
i have a mid android phablet . had some issues too , but not that one . here is a link , they have a lot of suggestions for android tablets ( under forums heading , then android tablet ) : http://www.androidtablets.net/search/33094/?q=android+tablet+frozeno=relevance i did a query with " android frozen tablet " in the search . the search engine is somewhat off on the queries , so search using some of the words or fewer words , otherwise it might not bring up any hits , when there are suggestions/solutions . this query brought up some suggestions with the mid tablet . the second suggestion seems possible as many of my issues with the tablet were resolved with simple things , but not things you had think would be the solution . . . . . it said if frozen to let the battery run down all the way , and then plug it into the power adapter and the other person says there is started working then ? ! good luck !
you should be able to access the default recovery on your android tablet and do a factory reset . to do so turn off the tablet and then while holding the power button press volume down and hold for about 10 seconds . if this does not work try volime up or both . you should be now in the recovery and you can navigate with volume up/down and confirm with power button . if this does not work then your device may need a bit more attention .
if your device is linked to a google account , merely syncing will restore your contacts and calendar . otherwise , in tib - look for contacts / contacts storage in the backup/restore tab .
yes , the reason you can not downgrade official roms is not a technical one ; it is just a decision samsung have taken . there is no reason at all why you can not go backwards and forwards between versions of cyanogenmod as long as you have the appropriate recovery . and cm10.1.3 and cm10.2 are currently much more stable than cm11 on the i9300 . consult the cyanogenmod site ( http://www.cyanogenmod.org/ ) or xda-developers ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2382573 ) for full details before actually flashing a new recovery . ( personally i am staying with cm10.1.3 ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2035141 ) as i found the camera unstable on cm10.2 )
if it came pre-installed with your phone then its a system app . you cannot uninstall it ( unless you have your phone rooted , which i think you do not have ) . best option for you is to disable the app . in this case , the app will not run and will not consume any cpu or battery ( if that is your problem ) . if you are concerned about storage space running out then this will not solve the storage problem .
obviously you need an internet connection to create or log into your account . as you do not have a mobile internet connection yet , the phone needs to connect to a wi-fi network first . that is why it is showing you the wi-fi settings right away .
log in to the web interface of the play store and click the settings button in the top right corner and select My Orders and Settings ( or use this direct link ) . next , select the Settings tab and you will see your devices . from here , just click on Edit and type the name you wish to give the device and click Update .
according to your usage scenario your best bet would maybe be to get one or more of those external li-ion battery packs : the higher their mah value , the longer it will last . currently there are offerings for 12.000 mah packs , that is about double the size of your current internal battery size . maybe buy one smaller unit first and see how it performs . here 's a search link for amazon : http://www.amazon.com/s/field-keywords=usb%20battery%20pack
i know that this has been marked as answered , but i wish to add this : most apps like that tell which country your from from your locale setting . this can be changed from the settings menu , or using the app locale switcher .
i had no trouble getting it myself , but that was a while ago . have you tried using a us proxy or sideloading the app ? another option would be to switch to data or wi-fi for the download , whichever you were not using , to see if it is just the particular network that the play store has a problem with .
my answer wont solve your usb connection problem , but as i read your request , it seems that you only want the files sent to your computer and that this is the main reason you made this question . since you are saying that you have lots of photos and videos on the phone , i assume that you can access these from your phone trough android . if i was you , i would skip the usb problem , and then connect to the computer via wifi . the most simple way to do this , i think is to connect to the wifi network . install dropbox/google drive or any other similar service on your computer . install the app for the same service on your phone . and then go into your favorite photo browser/gallery and send the files over to the service and then you will have them automatically on your computer ( if you have installed the applications ) . this also gives you a backup of the photos and videos . ( if you have had this backup today , you would not have to worry about getting the files out from your phone ) : ) simple steps one by one , with my recommended service : connect to wifi with your cellphone if you dont have a google account , make one here : google signup . most likely you have a google account , when you have an android phone . otherwise , you can not download apps through the google play . install " google drive " on your computer . you can download it from the google drive download page . install " google drive " on your phone . download it from the google play store . go into your favorite photo browser or gallery app on your phone . you can then select all files or only the ones you wanna transfer , and choose the " share" ( ) button and choose " google drive " . it will then use some time depending on the internet connection you have . you can then go on your computer and find the files inside the " google drive " folder . your files is now safely saved/backed up on three devices . your computer , phone and " google drive " . i hope this solution works for you . you can also make a permanent solution by downloading and using foldersync wich will automatically upload photos to google drive when you take photos or videos .
have you tried " showing hidden files and folders " ? : " follow these steps to display hidden files and folders . open folder options by clicking the start button picture of the start button , clicking > control panel , clicking appearance and personalization , and then clicking folder options . > click the view tab . under advanced settings , click show hidden files and folders , and then click ok . " windows . microsoft . com here is a step by step guide on how i took the photos off my galaxy s4: connect via usb ( there should be an option in the notification center which looks like this ) tap on it and it should bring you to another menu which should look like this : select camera ( ptp ) and move to your computer in windows explorer under " my computer " it should appear similar to this : next select your phone and it should give you two options . if in your camera settings you have decided to store to card then select that . next select dcim and then the camera folder your photos should be in that folder ! hopefully this worked for you . i am guessing the samsung phones have similar directory setups considering they are from the same manufacturer and both are running android , although i am running a slightly newer version . edit : after reconnecting a couple times i ran into the same problem and fixed it by reconnecting again and before accessing the folders letting it sit connected for a minute . also , if you are sorting the folder by file type the videos will probably be at the bottom of the list under all of the pictures . another way you can possibly get the photos on the computer and the way i personally use is using dropbox camera upload feature . just download the dropbox app on your phone enable photo uploads and download the desktop app fr your computer and every photo you take will be automatically uploaded to dropbox so you can not lose it and it will be on your computer within a couple seconds to a couple minutes depending on your connection . i use this over connecting and copying over because i found connecting it to be a little glitchy . with camera upload , the photos and videos you take with your camera , phone , or tablet will upload automatically to dropbox—meaning they will be safely backed up and viewable anywhere . take advantage of camera upload in two ways : upload wirelessly from your phone or tablet using the ios or android app upload by connecting your camera , phone , or tablet to your computer and using the mac > or windows desktop app dropbox . com
you can try airdroid for fast file transfer from android to pc over wifi . install it in your phone , turn on mobile hotspot and connect your pc to your local network . after that , airdroid will give you an ip address . just open it in your web browser of your pc , and you will get a nice file manager to access files . if you have access to adb shell , you can also use ' adb push/pull ' commands to copy files to/from your android .
instead of using mtp or ptp scroll down your notification and pressusb connected and select turn on usb storage then your sd card connect to your laptop like a flash drive and you can copy your media from it .
looking at given screen shot suggest there is some sort of virus issue with your notebook or the phone itself is infected
on the sdk emulators and virtual machines like genymotion , adbd starts up as root and provides a root shell . short of modifying the source code to do otherwise and rebuilding your vm images , i think you will have to use the su approach suggested above . su shell does indeed work on both sdk emulators as well as the genymotion vms . specifically : note that the initial shell is running as uid 0 and after su shell is running as uid 2000 . in fact , you can su to any linux uid ( android appid ) configured on your emulator/vm . for example , after doing adb shell from ubuntu : android# su u0_a16 android$ id uid=10016(u0_a16) gid=10016(u0_a16) context=u:r:su:s0 android$  on my emulator , uid 10016 is the calendar app . remember that after you su , you only have the privileges of the new uid , and this may not include permissions to run linux commands or view certain directories . finally , if you just need to do one or two operations as the non-root user , you can string the whole thing together as one command in ubuntu . something like : ubuntu$ adb shell su u0_a16 id uid=10016(u0_a16) gid=10016(u0_a16) context=u:r:su:s0  or above tested on sdk x86 emulator running 4.4.2 and genymotion vm running 4.4.2 .
try remote droid player . it also requires server software , though : this application requires a server which needs to be installed in your windows pc ( which you can download from http://doinhtml5.org/remotedroidplayer/ ) .
if ur phone has 3.5mm jack , just connect your speakers pin to jack on your phone . when you play any songs on your cell phone it will just play in your speakers . instead of connecting headphones your connecting speakers thats it . hope it helps
what i am " assuming " is that you want your android device ( with the music ) to play through your speakers at home ? in my case ( may not be the same for you ) , my speakers have cords that plug into the computer . and i can easily take out the cord that plugs into the computer , and plug it into the jack on my android device , then proceed to play the music . if your speakers are built-in and you can not easily do it , look for an adapter of sorts that'll connect your phone and your speakers directly . should be able to find some for cheap on amazon or something . sorry if this was not the answer you were looking for , i might not have quite understood the question . however , i hope this helps , or sets you in the right direction .
try twonky . instantly stream media from your phone to devices on your home network ! it can stream not only to you pc but to other dlna capable device and not only music but photo and other stuff .
yes , you can do this in windows xp and 7 . it will stream all audio from the phone- apps , games , etc . you do not need any additional software , just bluetooth connectivity on the pc . airdroid lets you access your device , including streaming music , over wifi via web browser . you could also just plug your phone in usb to your pc , and play the music on the pc with musicbee or any other media player .
download the required firmware bundle here install kies , or samsung driver pack unzip the package , you will get 3 * . tar ( or tar . md5 ) files download odin3 1.84 or 1.85 stop kies stop all active adb sessions start odin do backup of your data and apps charge your sgy at least 75% remove sgy from usb or charger start the device in download mode power off your sgy wait 30 sec press vol down , home , and power at the same time when ( about 5 sec ) warning screen appears , release volume down and power , then ( a bit later ) home press vol up ( you will get odin mode screen ) browse the 3 tar files to odin pda=pda_xxxx . tar , phone=modem_ or phone_xxxxx . tar , csc=csc_xxxxx . tar no pit and/or boot files required - leave it empty ! leave all other fields and checkboxes default ! connect your phone , you must see yellow 0: [ comxx ] in the first id:com and " added " in the message box start flashing by the start button . flashing will start immediately , see the progress in the message box , and progress bar on the phone wait 1-3 minutes , until green pass ! in the upper left sgy will reboot , leave it as is for 2-5 minutes until startup finishes if it stuck ( eg boot anim loop ) then : when android boots up , it is highly recommended to set your csc via the dialer #272 _your_imei_# ( to see imei type *#06# in dialer ) -> ( it will erase all your data on the phone , but not the sd card )
go to settings > accounts > whatsapp > my whatsapp account remove the account make any necessary contact changes open up whatsapp at this point , whatsapp should re-associate your contacts with the existing users .
you can check out djembey 's pre-rooted s4 thread in xda . the author has debloated ( i.e. . removed unecessary apps ) the stock s4 rom . there is a download link that contains all the apks that he has removed ; search for Removed Apps . it is safe to assume that these apps are safe to be deleted . better yet , why do not you just flash his custom rom ? that seems easier . : )
had the same problem when i bricked my samsung s1 . tried to install cyanogen 10.2.1 over semaphore cwm . the issue was not in my internal or external sd card , but within semaphore recovery soft ( i think it was semaphore cwm 5.0.27 , downloads as semaphore 2.7.4 ) . cyanogen team recommends it and links to it from their site , but its a no go for me : ( just use another recovery tool . for example google for replicant recovery image . flash that one with heimdall instead of your previous cwm . worked flawlessly - no " can not mounts " or cache/data errors with it good luck
with the information you have given , it sounds like your sd card might be damaged , or not formatted properly . make sure the sd card is formatted in fat32 with a card reader if you have one available . if there is not anything you need on the sd card , try wiping the sd card through cwm , and reformatting it . if this does not work , the card is probably physically damaged .
first , go to your phone settings > date and time and check if your time zone is correct . second , change the time zone of your google account by following this guide . good luck !
try cleaning the battery and case contacts with a tooth brush .
i use total commander for this kind of stuff . you can use the second button in the bottom bar to move files . total commander lets you open two locations at once , which makes copying between those locations even easier .
you might want to take a look at go sms pro . unread messages have a NEW indicator at the top right corner of a conversation . also , the contact name is usually bold ( see screenshot below ) . you can also select other themes which may have different indicators . caveat : there is no way to filter by unread conversations . so , you still have to scroll through them . but the indicator should help a bit .
working on it , you will have a shortcut in the next release of syncme . not a widget , gone through all the source code of the android music app widget to figure out that will be an overkill : )
in short , you can not . only the application can interact with itself internally , unless an api was created for that end . external applications are not able to know what to do in order to follow your desired " path " . the best you could achieve is opening the application , but you still needed to manually tap the buttons . my recommendation : i believe you are trying to have some sort of " sync now " functionality without having to open the application and clicking some buttons to achieve that . either case , email the developer and request such widget , i am sure it is useful enough and interest will arise .
i have found it out , the ext2 partition magically turned into ext3 without formatting i do not know how but it happened , formatted my ext3 partition into ext2 again and it worked , i could not find anyway to bring lost data back .
you can eliminate /system from your list : it is mounted read-only , and ( usually ) never changes ( except when flashin a rom or applying an ota ) . we can also eliminate /sdcard as possible candidate , for multiple reasons : first , it still has 2 gb free space available . second , android devices should also work without an sd card inserted . and third , plus most directly clear : the error message says " phone storage " , not " external storage " or simply " storage " . which leaves us with the other two candidates ( if your above list is complete ) . usually , this alert refers to /data ( or /data/data , if that is a separate partition ) . reason : /data is where your apps store their data , and also where apps are installed -- so here the activities take place : installing and using apps . do not be confused by the " relative value " ( about 30% free space ) . it is rather the absolute value which counts ( here : 1,313 mb ) . considering that some devices ship with less than this available altogether ( e . g . htc buzz ) , this should be sufficient free space , and thus not trigger such an alert . which would leave us with /cache as the most likely candidate here . you can ensure this by deleting some caches ( you can do so from applications &rarr ; manage applications and walking through the apps , hitting " clear cache " for each one that has caches -- or use some helper app which does this for you , like e.g. app cache cleaner or easy cache cleaner . if this makes the error disappear , it was /cache triggering it -- otherwise it could only be /data .
it is usually /datadata that gets full on the galaxy s . interestingly this partition is not displayed in the Storage setting menu . the quirk is that /datadata is mounted on a special very fast flash chip that only provides 170mib of storage space . while this was enough in the " early days " of android when the galaxy s was released , it can easly become tight with modern apps . /datadata is used to store application user data , and while many apps only place a few kib there , some apps require to store more . typical candidates that store around 20mib in /datadata are google chrome and google currents . atm the best practice is a fix that lets you control which apps can store data on the fast chip and which are outsourced to the slower ram . this script can also be installed with an app called datafix . to find the apps that consume the most space use su &amp;&amp; du -s /datadata/* |sort -gr |head . for example on my device :
first , do you have unknown sources checked under Settings --&gt; Security ? ? ? also , have you tried another apk ? if it is one you , or someone else developed you may need to uncheck Verify Apps in that same spot . second , do you only have windows ? i do not know about permissions on windows , but linux requires sudo adb install or adb install as root user . . . actually any use of adb requires root or sudo permissions . second , does it just say failure ? does it say permission denied ? have you ever had that app installed before ? adb install application . apk will give a failure response if you have a left over /data/app-lib/application folder or /data/data/application folder , or if you copied the apk to /data/app first without installing it , and then try to install it with adb , because the place is taken up already . if that is the case try ( reinstall flag ) : adb install -r application . apk you should also try ( install to sdcard flag ) : adb install -s application . apk or last : adb push application . apk /sdcard and then install from sdcard with a file explorer , or package installer .
enter download mode . download odin download offical firmware from here place the tar file in the pda location in odin and it will install the offical rom again . tutorial here if you have kies delete it just install the drivers
you will most probably have to wipe . this is because the data will have a different structure , as it is a major version . if you have recovery , you can flash it to see if it works and if it does not , then you can wipe it . i would suggest backing up any data you would like to keep .
do not use full image at recovery ! it contains recovery too ( cm can repair itself , but reflash of bootloader is not needed ) . use fastboot and flash partitions : system , data you will lose all of your data on the tablet , but it is needed because of the different filesystem structure . without reflashing data you will get a bootloop .
tibu stores its backups in a folder on your sdcard ( either the internal or the external , depends on what you have and how you have configured it ) . so you can simply copy that entire folder over to your pc before applying the factory-reset . just check the root of your sdcard ( s ) for a folder named TitaniumBackup . after the factory reset , the folder should still be there ( unless your device is one of those including the card with the reset – hence the copy to pc , which in this case you now can simply copy back ) . launch tibu , and restore what you want to have restored . one thing to keep in mind : i do not know what is causing your trouble , but restoring the entire backup completely might bring it back if the troublemaker was included there , so take care ; )
not with the regular playstore app , afaik . if you want to do so using an app , you might want to take a look at market comments reader . from within the web browser , androidpit allows to show comments of all languages at once , i.e. without selecting each language separately .
check your calendar settings and see if you are using home time zone . i have got mine using home time zone and it has no problems switching between dst . calendar -> settings -> general settings
have you tried setting Automatic date &amp; time and Automatic time zone ? source : daylight saving time and android : sit back and relax
according to this old xda post it is the same as the s5830 . i am not really sure though , you need to investigate this on your own if have doubt . note also , that your s5830 is a legacy device and only really runs android 2.3 well . so you could either follow cyanogenmod 's installation instructions for the s5830 or search the s5830 section on xda here . note : if you want to replace the stock firmware , you do not have to root it in the first place ; it is not needed to be able to flash it . you will have root with the modded firmware , then .
if you have a micro sd card , download a different rom to your phone . my phone would not ring after i did a factory reset , changing the rom worked for me . if you do not have a miscro sd then connect your phone to the computer and open your files for the phone to see the direct path and move from your computer to your phone . if you do not have the new os on your computer goto http://d-h.st/txq to download the dark unicorn rom , you will need a zip extractor , either on your computer or your phone .
the problem seemed be caused by winamp not playing wma format files , even though it is meant to support them . have converted them to mp3 and they now appear in winamp and can be played .
well , you seem to have 2 options : if under warranty , send it to service center , your main board ( pba ) should be replaced . you probably will need a jtag repair ! afaik , there is nothing you can do at the moment , by yourself to get the phone working , apart from the options mentioned above !
i think google play is bundled with some services that requires for another applications . ie : applications that uses google cloud messaging ( gcm ) . according to this link : http://developer.android.com/guide/google/gcm/gcm.html gcm requires devices running android 2.2 or higher that also have the google play store application installed . . . . so basically , google play is not there only for install a new app or check for updates etc . . so i think it is better to leave it as it is .
yes , the home button ( and possibly the volume buttons ) turn on the screen . found a fix on : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/drod2169-x/132091-ocd-stop-home-button-waking-screen-save-battery.html have not tested yet , but it is mentioned in several places . not sure if it works on an unrooted phone . gingerbread open /system/usr/keylayout/sholes-keypad . kl remove " wake_dropped " and/or " wake " after any entries for : home menu search back volume up volume down froyo open /system/usr/keylayout/cdma_shadow-keypad . kl remove " wake_dropped " and/or " wake " after any entries for : home menu search back volume up volume down
i do not think since evernote is quite big they would do something like that , and if would do so it would be something so easy to see . actually when you are developing for android some methods would require this kind of permission , if i am not wrong , if you want , for example , check for data connection needs read phone state and identity or for some advertising . . i have found an interesting article discussing it : here
the reason for " phone calls " might be quite easy : looking at the app requirements , they list " android 1.6 or higher " . with that , this permission is automatically set -- whether the developer wants it or not . reference : android 1.6 changelog . an interesting discussion on this permission can be found at stackoverflow : android permissions : phone calls : read phone state and identity . of course this might not be the only reason . if the app e.g. lets you take " call notes " for an ongoing phone call , it might want to connect it with the contact or at least the calling number . to get the contact , it needs the number . to get the number , it needs . . . yes , READ_PHONE_STATE . not using evernote , i cannot say if it offers such a feature . personal information : a possible reason for contacts i just explained . some additional reasons , taken from the app description , could be : email notes and save tweets to your evernote account ( email taken from contacts ) share notes with friends and colleagues via facebook and twitter ( again , your friends data is probably stored with your contacts ) take meeting and class notes ( meetings are probably among your calendar entries , so they could be connected ) plan a trip : keep track of travel plans , plane tickets and passports ( again a clear candidate for calendar : travel plans ) as for accounts , pick reasons from above : how to share on your twitter and/or facebook accounts without accessing them ? so all mentioned permissions could be easily explained . could , as it takes some guess-work . you may be able to tell my assumptions are true if you investigate the described features . but the devs should be able to confirm or deny -- and imho it is their responsibility to explain . my suggestion to developers always is : if there are sensitive permissions involved , split the connected functionality into addons/plugins . my standard example : locus maps . it needs internet access to load maps , that is crucial to the app . being a navigation app , you might want it to navigate you to your friends -- so accessing your contacts makes sense . but that together with internet , well . . . you might be concerned . so menion ( the dev ) moved this part to a ( free ) addon . choice is up to you : trust him ( and install the addon ) , or enter all addresses manually . and for another thing i agree with a point mentioned here a couple of times : a 4.7 star rating with almost half a million downloads , i would say if that app were malicious , we had have heard about .
" read phone state and identity allows the application to access the phone features of the device . an application with this permission can determine the phone number and serial number of this phone , whether a call is active , the number that call is connected to and so on " i think it needs calls to make some appointment from them and all the other permission are maybe in the same feature class . i think other users are having similar concerns about other apps from big providers like facebook see here . my take would be to ask directly evernote why they need those features enabled . this is no way a singular incident see a similar concern here .
use es file explorer https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.estrongs.android.pophl=en free . how to use go into your pc and set up a share folder . use this as reference http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/windows-and-office/how-do-i-share-folders-in-windows-7-with-the-shared-folder-wizard/ either place your file to transfer in the shared folder or make the shared folder where your file is located . now install es file explorer on the device and run app . goto the quick access menu ( 3 dash button in the top left corner ) . select network> lan . bottom of the screen select scan , might take a minute to acquire connection . select your shared folder . select your file ( long pressing file and select copy at the bottom ) goto the quick access again and select local pick your destination location from there and tap paste enjoy ! !
i installed all the updates that the market offered me after upgrading to ensure that i had the latest ( and presumably most froyo compatible ) versions of my apps , then made sure i had the mostup to date version of my side-loaded apps . nothing else , and i have had no problems since the upgrade .
you should not have to re-install anything . i do not recall any app having an issue from an os upgrade , except those that needed changes to work with 2.2 . since you are getting 2.2 so long after its initial launch i would expect all of those issues to already have been worked out .
i am pretty sure mantano reader and ezpdf do this as well . i recommend the former though .
the viewer that is part of thinkfree office has a " reading view " that does this , and it is easy to toggle between that and the regular page view .
adobe 's reader for android has the text reflow feature that you are looking for .
it does not store creation time because unix filesystems ( generally speaking ) simply do not store this anywhere , and android does not seem to be any different . this stack overflow question has some discussion about this fact ( you can ignore the fact that it is talking about python - the answers are still relevant ) , and the man page for stat describes what times are typically stored in the data structure . as for the last accessed times . . . well it does keep track . try ls -l in any directory you have proper permissions for : if you have busybox you can also use the stat command for more detailed info . it also lets you use some additional ls flags like -u , -c and -t ( see man ls if you are not familiar with it ) . here 's a sample from stat:
i had the same problem , and the solution was to re-flash the stock rom .
that is dangerously ignorant . i just checked today with a trustworthy site , and indeed , my milestone² was affected as well . the source is known to be the stock dialer , so htc phones are affected as well ( at least unless they are running jelly bean already ) . i would tell them to please give this statement in written form on company paper ( with the htc header ) , so you can go with that to some boulevard press to have it printed in the daily news . maybe it is more convincing to them to read the fact there than in known reputable sources . meanwhile , the main issue is to get yourself protected . i recommend to install notelurl , which in its latest version runs on all android versions from 2.0.1 up . i can vouch for the developer as a trusted person : he is a member of the androidpit community with high reputation . having this app installed , all ussd actions triggered by an app will open a pop-up to select the app the action should be performed with : the dialer ( which was the only one registered for this before ) or notelurl . then you can decide : select the dialer to really execute , or simply press the " back " button . just do not make anything the default here ; )
select version > = 4.0 and it will support the camera .
my first instinct is to tell you to find a theme where the " not connected to google " bars are painted the same color as the connected bars . of course that only works if you have a theme manager on your phone and can find one you like . or hell , make one .
you have to edit your Framework-Res.apk . its a bit complicated and differenct on every phone . so i can not simply provide a guide . but i suggest you , to ask in your phone forum on xda-developers .
geeksphone started off with the premise of a completely open software and hardware stack . so far they released two handsets , one and zero . although both models are severely outdated specifications-wise compared to today 's high-end models , the " zero " model is quite comparable to current mid-range devices . the company provides source code for the kernel and drivers of their " one " model on the web site . i could not find the sources for the " zero " model , but i am sure they will if you reach out to them .
there are at least 2 different free oses aimed at smartphones - the replicant project and the shr project - both of which are aimed at bringing free-as-in-stallman software to smartphones . i have not used either of these yet , but it looks like replicant is more strict about their definition of free software . both of them appear to be actively under development : http://replicant.us/ http://shr-project.org/trac your choice of free os will have a list of recommended hardware devices , so it may be useful to check out their supported hardware lists before making a decision . it looks like the nokia n900 and the geeksphones are listed in both , and the nexus series from google is at least partly supported .
might i suggest google play music ?
make sure you have disconnected from the computer and the phone has remounted the card , then navigate to /sdcard/ or /mnt/sdcard/ . ( on other samsung phones like the galaxy s , you would go to /sdcard/external_sd/ . )
i am assuming by driveyou mean google-drive ? from this page you can zip and download all drive files google drive has the ability to download a bunch of files and folders in a zip file . to do so , just select the files and folders and select More &gt; Download &gt; Download from Google Drive the files will be zipped and it will take some time for the process depending upon the size of the files and folders . you can either wait with that window open by looking into the estimated time or you can click ' email when ready ' which will send you a email with link to zip file onces its done . note the max zip size is 2gb . an alternative would be to do the following : sync the files to your computer using the google drive client app : third option : gdrive downloader application on play this claims to download all files with extensions .
did you read the working , bugs posted by the author of the rom . did you read the changelog of the rom . did the author specified any patch to fix the bluetooth issue ?
the water evaporating has left now undissolved mineral ions on your phone ( ions conduct electricity ) . now electricity does not go as designed . also heat cycles will possibly change chemical and physical structure of your hardware . the more you use it the more likely something will get worse instead of drying to get rid of water and leave the ions on your phone you should have hoovered the water being cautious not to discharge static electricity to the phone ( even though theoretically almost everyone should have damaged their hardware with static many times in their lives it somehow never happens ) now maybe you should clean it properly ( isopropyl alcohol should work the purer the better at least 99% ) the better way to clean it is with bathing it in the alcohol and use ultrasound at the same time which some more professional phonerepairers do with special machines . ( you can find some good replacements of the machines for about 50usd ) it most often works without ultrasounding but the ultrasound method is much better and fixes the performance of water damaged phone more .
i would try an app to turn the screen off , such as this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.katecca.screenofflockhl=en sounds like you have done well to only have this little damage . perhaps even this will recover in time .
here you will find a guide for the stock rom version of your galaxy s4 http://www.droidgator.com/how-to-root-samsung-galaxy-s4-sch-i545/ however , if your phone was updated to the vruamdk , you should use the already posted tutorial . good luck !
if you are lucky enough to have not updated and are still on the vruamdk build number then here is the root method ( source and credit given to : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2290798 ) : step 1: go to the source link above and download the five items in the first step , samsung official usb drivers , odin v3.07 , vruamd2 prerelease kernel , stock vruamdk kernel for your phone , and motochopper root exploit tool . step 2: boot your phone into odin mode . step 3: flash the vruamd2 prerelease kernel using odin v3.07 in pda section only . boot back into android and verify that the flash was successful . step 4: follow settings -> more -> about phone -> tap " build number " 7 to unlock developer options and verify in there that you have " usb debugging " checked and " verify apps via usb " unchecked . verify in security setting on your device that you have " unknown sources " checked and " verify apps " unchecked step 5: connect your phone to your computer and open " run . bat " file from the location you have extracted motochopper to . you will see a message on the phone asking you to accept the new computer connection ( select to always allow and select ok ) . step 6: after motochopper runs and your phone reboots on its own , check if supersu has any update in the play store . open supersu app and let the binary update itself to the latest very important or you will lose root on step 4 . now you can open a root application and verify that is able to access root properly . step 7: now to restore the stock kernel you need to boot your phone into odin mode ( how-to link above ) . step 8: flash the stock vruamdk kernel using odin v3.07 in pda section only ( follow same link in step 3 for a how-to ) . step 9: boot back to android and verifying everything is still working and kernel has flashed successfully . you should now be fully rooted and on the fully stock original firmware that came on your device . to restore a custom recovery ( optional ) , follow step 5 on the source link .
there is a root method available for the vruema7 build that does not require you to wipe your device or flash roms , but it does not have an unlocked boot loader ( source and credit to : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2380325 ) step 1: download all three files from the first step from the source above and install/extract as necessary . step 2: insert a microsd card ( exfat format required ) into your device and connect it to your computer as a media device . step 3: move the extracted files and folder from the root exploit package onto the root of your microsd card . do not put them in any folder . step 4: open the android terminal emulator app on your device and run the following commands hitting return after each line : cd /mnt/extSdCard ./pwn ./script.sh  after the second command you should see the '$' change to a '#' indicating root access . the third command will make root access permanent . step 5: after the above commands have run , you can download and open supersu and check for binary updates . at this point you should be done and you can open an app that will request root access to test this .
provided it can read the cpu temperature , the linux kernel will detect an overheat condition and gracefully shut down the device in the event overheating occurs . however , android does not contain built-in mechanisms that selectively disable components or reduce heating in the manner ios does , such as by dimming or turning off the screen , stopping charging , reducing the power of the cell antenna , or disabling the camera flash .
within the batterymanager documentation for android there is a constant that can be used to check against that is named BATTERY_HEALTH_OVERHEAT . this would lead me to assume that there is a check that the os does against this value , though i have never personally experienced a warning like this . i did on my old ipad , but being a recent android convert i have not had the time to find out about this just yet .
there is an app called battery protector by apphibios . you can set whatever temp you want it to give you an alarm . i think 104f is about where you want to let it cool off .
it worked fine for me . obviously if you unmout your sd you can not use it , so , since you probabily want so save space , my advice is to download a small-size keybord and install it in the internal memory : trust me when i say you that can not using the keyboard is a big problem
which keyboard app are you using ? it does not break normally on sd card . i have used stock and swiftkey both on sd card . never cause any problem to me .
works fine on sd card , using swype on external memory .
htc salsa hardware is not that poor ! i have nearly similar config phone but i can play all of those games the only big deference is my phone has android 4 . i suggest upgrade your rom to android 4 . i searched a little and find out it have new roms from 2.3.3 to 4.1.2 jb .
application developers can set their own requirements in the play store for what must be present before a game or application will be available . for example , it is possible to require a device has a camera , or has a screen larger than a given size , or has support for a particular version of opengl . the htc salsa is equipped with an armv6 cpu ( msm7227 ) , and has an adreno 200 gpu , which supports opengl es 1.0 and opengl es 1.1 . from experience , the limitation here is most likely your armv6 cpu , as the vast majority of sofware nowadays is written for armv7 capable cpus . googling for the names of these games , along with " armv6" shows some hits , although i would be very cautious about running third party unofficial apps that have unspecified and unverifiable modifications . if you do manage to get the games to run , you may find they lack opengl support ( modern games are usually using opengl es 2.0 or above ) , considering the fact that opengl 2.0 is required for programmable 3d graphics ( source : http://www.khronos.org/opengles/2_x/ )
it could mean that your phone does not meet either software or hardware requirements , or both . you could probably spoof the identity of your phone ( so that it could be recognized as samsung galaxy s4 for example , instead of htc salsa ) , but you can not expect the app to work properly in this case . so , i would suggest to get an updated / higher-end phone instead . update 2013-10-30: if you are really looking into spoofing the model of your phone , check out market helper ( needs root ) .
you should upgrade your phone . subway surfers and all these games you mentioned need higher gpu than salsa . and as someone said you could spoof your phone . the app doesnt work as expected and may slow down your phone .
google play lets app developers restrict which devices their apps can be installed on . developers target specific device characteristics ( screen size , keyboard configuration , software version , hardware specs , geographic location , carrier , etc ) by specifying them in the app 's manifest . google play then filters which users can install the app given their device configuration . here 's what google has written to developers about filtering applications on google play : how filters work on google play google play uses the filter restrictions to determine whether to show your application to a user who is browsing or searching for applications from the google play app . when determining whether to display your app , google play checks the device 's hardware and software requirement , as well as it is carrier , location , and other characteristics . it then compares those against the restrictions and dependencies expressed by the application 's manifest file and publishing details . if the application is compatible with the device according to the filter rules , google play displays the application to the user . otherwise , google play hides your application from search results and category browsing , even if a user specifically requests the app by clicking a deep link that points directly to the app 's id within google play . filtering on the google play web site when users browse the google play web site , they can see all published applications . the google play web site compares the application requirements to each of the user 's registered devices for compatibility , though , and only allows them to install the application if it is compatible with their device . there could be any number of reasons , then , that your device is not allowed to download the apps you mentioned . you can gain a little more insight , however , expanding the incompatibility message to view the details . here 's what ghacks .net's martin brinkmann has written on the topic : google displays compatibility information right underneath 's the install button on that page . if your device is not compatible , you will receive the following information : incompatible does not necessarily mean that your device 's technical capabilities are incompatible with the app . while that may often be the case , it can also refer to geo-restrictions that the creator of the app has set . apps can be released only to select countries , and if you happen to live in a country that the app is not ( yet ) released in , you too will receive the incompatibility message . now , to find out why your device has been deemed incompatible click on the small plus icon in the bottom right corner of the message . here you find the reason why you cannot install the app to your device . as a last resort , consider contacting the app developers to ask for a better understanding of what makes your device incompatible .
it could be for many reasons . probably since the salsa is relatively low end hardware wise and 2.3.3 is slowly becoming less supported . i would contact the developers and if it is an issue with the firmware , root your phone and install android 4.0 +
you could try side loading the app . just download the . apk to your phone or transfer it from your comouter and install . no guarantee it will run but it will let you install the apk .
well , i did a more thorough research and found that deleted mails actually are archived rather than deleted . what i did not realize is that deleted mails are not in fact moved to [ imap ] /trash , they are just labeled like that . so they still are in all mails and can be found by browsing or searching . other labels are also preserved . this is a feature of gmail imap regardless of the client . problem solved - there was not any problem in the first place : )
only gmail app currently supports archiving for gmail . other mail providers do not have the concept of archiving emails , so this is limited only to gmail and hence to gmail app alone . if you want to archive the emails , you should use gmail app , i see no other workaround .
as far as i know , the stock email app in the gs4 does not support archiving like gmail app . so my advice to you is simply use the gmail app in your gs4 as it offers more and better options than the stock one . also you can add as many accounts as you want to into it .
i also had a boot loop today , after flashing semaphore 's clockworkmod recovery according to these instructions , then trying to boot to recovery mode . what helped me out was the hint at the bottom of that page : to use replicant 's recovery . img instead : heimdall flash --KERNEL recovery.img --no-reboot 
you will not be able to receive a 3g video call from another phone , assuming what you are looking for is the operator backed 3g-324m solution that is available on most 3g phones ( not including iphone or android ) . 3g-324m as a solution does not run over ip and requires a tighter integration between operating system , modem and application . you can read more on the technicalities here : http://www.radvision.com/resources/developers/white-papers/android_integration.htm
it would depend on the application used to make the video call . some applications may tell you that you do not have a front facing camera and may not work . some may allow you to use the back camera , i am not sure . the best option is to try the application and see if you can make/receive calls . [ edit ] videocall radar is an app that will allow you make video calls without a front facing camera , but , like all the other apps , the person your calling has to have the application too .
i use the charging dock for both z ultra and z1 .
wow , i had this problem just this week ! and just got access to my microsd . . . accessing your microsd the problem : my microsd card works great on my phone , but when i inserted it into my card reader and plugged it into the computer ( ubuntu 12.04 ) , it did not read ! well , this microsd card was a 16gb , class 4 so i thought maybe it was due to the class that it did not work . since , when i plug in a 2gb microsd , it works great ! works on my phone as well as using the card reader . what i did : updated my usb drivers as well as my computer and it is all great ! here 's the command that i used : sudo update-usbids &amp;&amp; sudo update-pciids  and then use the software center and just do a full system update . that is it . the post where i got the info from : ubuntu 10.04 usb drives not mounting ! - these are instructions for ubuntu 10.04 but it worked for my 12.04 . *i did not have anything to do with mount-manager at all . accessing your internal storage this is something that i am not an expert at but i am quite sure it is what the rooting program using the adb connection did to my android when it needed to install the sudo binary . but here 's a link i hope will be of a great help to you - how to access intenal storage or internal memory of android while conecting to pc ? !
adb sideload does not transfer the file to the sdcard permanently . to sideload correctly , you need to pick that option from the recovery first and then when the phone is waiting for the sideload type , adb sideload &lt;PACKAGE&gt;  if you want to push the file to the phone 's sdcard , you could try , adb push &lt;PACKAGE&gt; /sdcard/  that should copy the file over to the sdcard . keep in mind that there is no progress bar . edit : try the following to restart the adb server , adb kill-server  then , adb start-server  then check if the instructions work again .
what you are referring to are called htc scenes ( hero scenes link ) . off the top of my head i do not know of anything like that and only htc devices have the htc scenes . i just did a quick search of the market and did not come up with anything so my initial guess is : no , there is nothing like that currently . you would either need a sense-based custom rom ( not sure if there are any for the droid x ) or an htc device .
the icon in the notification bar will always be there if you are using ( possibly even just have installed ) any alternate input method . it is just the new way that ics offers quick switching between different methods , and cannot be disabled ( at least not on " stock " ics , custom roms may offer this ) . the notification icon should only be there while you are actively entering something , i.e. have a keyboard open . if it showing all the time ( even when you are just on the homescreen , for example ) it may indicate a possible bug or configuration issue with the alternate keyboard/input method you are using .
if the contact is synced to your google account , you should be able to re-name it to anything you wish . the easiest way is to do it via the web : go to https://gmail.com and login with your google account . on the upper left click on " gmail " and select " contacts " . locate and click on the contact in question . click on their name , make any edits necessary , and click off the field to save changes . wait several minutes for the changes to sync to your mobile device ( s ) , or initiate a manual sync via Settings -&gt; Accounts then pick your google account and toggle the " contacts " checkmark off and then on . google now should now be able to recognize the contact by its new name .
without changing the person 's name in their contacts , adding a " phonetic " name appears to work .
i think you had require root for this sort of functionality . if you have ics and later on your device , you can check the data usage and identify apps . go to settings > data usage . a list of apps and the data that they have consumed should be displayed there . that will allow you to see which apps have accessed the mobile data connection . screenshots here - http://www.tech-recipes.com/rx/22583/android-ics-control-limit-data-usage/
if your device is not yet rooted , an alternative to alex 's suggestion of titanium backup ( which i would second otherwise ) would be to use adb backup ( creating a backup file for each app separately is important here , as adb restore just works per backup file , not per app ) , or one of its frontends . there is also the possibility to do that directly on the device , using e.g. helium backup . please also take a look at the backup tag-wiki for more information .
you can do it with titaniun backup , thought it is not sure that everything will work as expected . apps are the most problematic . some apps and games now store their data on google 's servers , though i do not think there are many that do that yet .
the programming support for the fm radio service that is in place within cyanogenmod 7.2 , is probably not compatible with the chipset used in xperia arc s . hence the omission of the fm radio , it supports only broadcom bcm4325 , silicon industry 4708 and 4709 , and lastly texas instrument wl1271 . looking at pdadb .netfor the specification of the handset - the chipset is not documented , so it is proprietary in which case cyanogenmod 7.2 has no support for it , hence the omission of the fm radio . the best bet would be to find the original stock rom dump of that here on xda , extract the radio app ( could be called FMRadio.apk ) from it and push that across to your handset . edit : as confirmed by the op , there are dead links galore on xda . however , i found another linky that may do it ( post #72 ) . ( that is err . . . ics rom dump . . . it might be worth a try . ) edit 2: here 's the radio stuff , you need to install it in this fashion . after unzipping the archive , there are two files , FmRxService.apk , and Radio.apk . plug in the cable to the handset and enter the commands , adb install FmRxService.apk adb install Radio.apk  the radio should now appear in your applications drawer , fingers crossed and good luck . there is no guarantee it will work either . . .
the freexperia team have added fm radio in their latest cm nightlies , and it seems to work .
draft can open markdown files with .md and .markdown extensions .
markdawn . if you open a .md file in the dropbox app it'll let you to open it with it . it has been pointed out that currently ( as of 2013-04-18 ) markdawn only works as a viewer .
i found a good web application to view and edit markdown-formatted files - stackedit . you can integrate it with dropbox and google drive and use it to open any of your text files . it does not matter if were .md , .txt, or something else .
i believe bluetooth is the only way to do this . in order to be able to do this via usb the device would need to support usb-otg ( basically be capable of acting as a usb host ) ; given that you are excluding bluetooth , i doubt there would be a device with usb-otg but without bluetooth . you had obviously need a gps capable of sending data over usb , as well .
this is another source : http://www.aopensource.com/
google code seems to be the predominant place for open source android apps : http://code.google.com/hosting/search?q=label:android
you can install f-droid to get a market-style repository of free and open source android apps : http://f-droid.org/
can not find any directories that specialize in open source apps , but you could do worse than a simple search on one of the regular app directories ( like this or this ) otherwise , i would say your wikipedia list looks like a pretty good source .
2g+3g is not recommended if you are in an area with spotty 3g coverage , as a radio switching back and forth will drain the battery much quicker . this is the major reason this widget option exists , to allow users to switch between 2g and 2g+3g on the fly .
when traveling with trains in germany "2g+3g " does not work for www for my phone . when setting to "2g only " i have a much better chance to get the www altough its very slow then but enough to read text .
if you choose 3g only , you have no connectivity if you are in an area where no 3g is available . with 2g+3g , the phone will fallback to 2g if it can not get a 3g connection .
have you tried considering a mutli-partition sd card ? there are a few tools like sdminste and partition wizard to help you create a dual partition setup on your sd card . you could create a small partition to store all your roms and updates , and a bigger partition for your user data . however , there is a slight problem wherein windows will only recognize the first partition . refer this well written guide on xda for a workaround .
from what i read a few days ago , tablet cannot run android market ( and therefore will not be distributed with it ) until 2.3 is released in the early part of next year . i have heard of a few tablets being released using the manufacturers own market-type application but nothing using the official android market . i think we will have to wait until 2.3 is released before we hear about tablet support = ( gary
since the answer from gsteinert is a little bit outdated , i will try to give an update : tl ; dr apps on tablet will go to the same filter process as apps on phones on the market . apps that appear on tablets follow the same filtering rules as with phones . developers are given the ability to set attributes for their app in the , so called , manifest . for example : if an app declares that it is , for whatsoever reason , only compatible with small screen sizes , it will not show up on the market on a tablet with greater screen sizes . note that this case is very rare , because most apps that are only designed for small screens will either be upscaled or just use a small amount of the screen . there is also a way to declare an app for honeycomb tablets only .
again an update , as meanwhile flow 's answer also got a little outdated ( lol ) : if you want to filter for good tablet optimized apps , for one there are specialized apps like tablified market or tablet market to help you out . on the other hand , google started to work on this issue meanwhile . so you find a tab titled featured apps for tablets at least on the google play website . for details on this , you might also wish to read google play tablet apps getting special designation ; according to that article , the google play store is now only showing tablet-optimized apps in its top lists when accessed through a tablet .
try pressing the back button when you get an incoming call - that usually makes the caller continue listening to a ringing tone but the ringing on your phone stops . pressing the reject / call end button will make the ringing stop as well as cut the call for the caller . if you had rather stop the ringing / vibration but still want to answer the call after a few seconds ( like walking out of a noisy room etc . ) , press any volume key on the side .
this is actually a system theme . any app that is written to run under the theme of the device ( unless you are root your devices theme is not changeable ) will grab backgrounds , etc from that theme . it is like how most apps on the nexus devices run with the holo theme . edit : just to clarify i am saying this is not an app , it is just a theme .
android no longer natively supports moving apps to sd card . some manufacturers that ship phones with sd card slot ( like samsung , for example ) often do include this functionality . apparently sony is not one of these manufacturers , so you will not be able to use your sd card for app storage with their stock firmware . if you decide to root your device , you will be able to use apps such as link2sd to move apps to your sd card . note that you will need to re-partition your sd card ( and re-format it ) in a special way to be able to take advantage of this feature . you will also not be able to easily swap the sd cards in and out , as it will become an " extension " of your phone 's internal memory .
viber support page mentions this : removing participants from a group participants cannot remove other participants from a group . each participant can choose to exit the group at any time . so it seems like your only choice is to exit the group and start a new one .
can you enter into recovery of download mode ? as your phone is booting up , ( right after the phone vibrates ) , press and hold on volume up and home to enter recovery . volume down and home to enter download . if you can enter either of these , there may still be some hope by flashing back your stock verizon rom through odin . otherwise , you will need to send it in for servicing .
try es file explorer . it can access user shared folders + administrative shares .
it can not be done from a application 's code ( background service or thread or whatever ) . reason is well described in this post , http://debuggingisfun.blogspot.com/2014/03/android-foolproof-low-memory-killer.html
rom toolbox pro by jrummy has built-in oom manager .
on xda i found a post discussing how to pin an app to not get killed by oom . as your question indicates your device is rooted , this could be useful for you . the principle described there can be applied to your case as well by simply changing the oom_adj value specified ( the -17 would permanently pin it , highest prio -- so use a larger value to " weaken " that ) . the script snipped posted there looks like this : #!/system/bin/sh sleep 60 PPID=$(pidof com.estrongs.android.safer) echo "-17" &gt; /proc/$PPID/oom_adj  now , as said , replace the -17 by your chosen value . also replace the app 's package name ( com.estrongs.android.safer ) by the package name of your target app . you can also lower the sleep value , or even ommit the sleep at all . now you need a way to auto-execute this as soon as your app is running . for this part , you could e.g. use tasker : context would be " app running " ( and your app selected ) , and the task " run shell " , with above script as parameter . then , as soon as you start your app ( and it comes to foreground ) , tasker would execute the script -- and the oom_adj value should be applied .
glad to see someone else with the same ambition , however , i just received a samsung wep870 headset and it is not behaving any different . according to samsung support , in order to use a headset in the first place , the headset must support a2dp . perhaps someone else well have some luck making this work .
what i found out is that bt supports two channels . ( and the htc desire hd or evo4 ) supports it well : 1 phone audio ( which my android connects to my navi , which has an built-in phone supporting bt kit and confcall quality speaker ) 2 media audio ( which my android connects to my fm rebroadcaster so i can pick it up on my cars ' older radio , e.g. when i play podcasts , but still being able to have a phonecall : the media automatically stops playing , and i can touch the navi to pick up the call ) i assume now , that skype works intimately with the phone , on the media audio channel . a paired , connected bt audioset , will most likely broadcast phone audio capability , and skype will be none the wiser . . . floris .
also from the skype community forum unofficial android faq : q . why wont my bluetooth headset work with skype . a . at this time skype doesnt support bluetooth devices . i am unable to comment on when or if this will be added
i just got a jawbone icon and it is working perfectly with all tab features and skype mobile on my tab and my husband 's droid x . skype even rings to the bt headset . my tab is on verizon if that matters to anyone .
i have a sony stereo bluetooth that is working on all the audio apps so far , including skype . it is the ( sony ) dr-bt10cx . i hope this helps . fardroid
i also have the proble second problem , and i found the skype staff said :skype doesnt currently support routing the audio to a bluetooth device . http://forum.skype.com/index.php?showtopic=726263st=0gopid=3271265 maybe this is the reason . . .
i found a nice solution with hacker 's keyboard it is free available in the google store and you can choose between many keyboard languages . the nicest thing for me is that , even if i choose the croatian language , i can still easily write german umlauts , which i need as i live in switzerland .
android 4.1 ( "jelly bean" ) has this . i just went to the " widgets " section , chose " photo gallery " , and from the popup , chose " choose an image " , which gave me the chance to ( you guessed it ) choose an image ; after cropping , that image is now just sitting there on my home screen . amusingly ( or infuriatingly , depending on your mood ) , tapping the image on my home screen does not , as you might expect , bring up the larger version of it in the gallery ; instead it brings up the larger version of some other image ( in my case , one that is in the same album ) in the gallery .
if you took a backup of your rom before updating , then you can restore the backup . alternatively , if your phone is rooted then you can download a stock jelly bean rom from somewhere like xda and flash it .
sounds like a hardware problem ( assuming the lines extend all the way across the screen ) . could just be a bad connection .
for some apps , you could buy it on your account , then give them the apk , but this will not work for all apps , as many of them contact the market to make sure they have been paid for . that also might not be entirely legal . at the moment , i think the only option you really have is just to give them the money to buy it .
apps are tied to the account ; so while the app may work they would not be able to get it back if they uninstalled it , reset the phone , etc . there is no simple , good way to do what you want currently .
you could do this with picasa . simply create an upload account for the photographer , ( you could then upload from your computer or directly from your phone ) and choose to share the album or individual pictures with the viewer ( s ) via private link .
it looks like you will have to do a factory reset .
do you definitely have a sim in your device ? if you do not , then you cannot disable airplane mode . also , is the item in the power options menu and the wireless and networks settings menu disabled ? if so , it is likely a sim error .
i had the exact same problem in my galaxy sii since yesterday , this post was the solution http://www.inflightmagazine.co/?p=351 the author refers to two steps to solve the problem , i would add the following steps between step 1 and step 2 install busybox from the play store open busybox after rooting , grant it superuser permissions click install on the left bottom corner of the screen you will be asked to use smart install vs normal install . . i chose the first option , not sure if it makes any difference if you pick the second one proceed to step 2
i had the same problem . i changed in the google voice settings to only use it for international calls , which fixed the problem . when dialing out using google voice , i can not get the auto extension feature to work , unfortunately
i had the same issue . i am with telus and had a v1 sim card . after cutting it into a micro sim everything seemed to work . except auto dial for extensions . eg . 1-555-556-7899 , , 123 i replace the sim with a v3 . issue resolved . sim card was to old strangely enough .
building cyanogenmod requires developers tools and knowledge in actually converting the program source into binary code designated for your selected device/handset . installing cyanogenmod is just putting the actual zip of the rom onto the sdcard and flashing it via clockworkmod recovery which performs the install and prepares the environment on next reboot , this is somewhat , a once-off operation , unless you are into flashing roms on a regular basis .
notifications for sms can be set from two places : the general configuration from settings > sound , where you can set the default notification sound . from the messaging app itself , settings > notification settings , where you can set it to use the default value defined in point 1 or you can define another value . check both places to configure the notification you want . also if you have any third party apps , despite being disabled they might still mess with the notification alerts . i would suggest to uninstall them while you check your notification sound settings and the reinstall them afterwards if you want to use them again .
no replacing possible . factory reset will clean all apps and data . the only possibility is re installing . next time backup your apps and data .
try this app " contact adder " . first you copy the signature and then open this app . it allows you to simply map these fields with contact book . it also auto detects email address if it is in the signature . contact adder , trial version and contact adder , pro version
its majorly dependent on your launcher , you could replace your default dialer with go ! dialer or something of that sort . most stock launchers have this functionality , once you click on the number in the email , it would open it in the dialer there press the option button and you would have add contact . if not , try alternative dialers as mentioned .
if you long-press the phone number , you will get prompted to add a contact . unfortunately you still need to manually enter a lot of information .
i expect an app like tasker or locale could do this . there look to be some apps that can do this for you . a quick perusal of the appbrain market found this : htc 911 roaming assistant
just go to flight mode or remove the sim card when you are on roaming .
the notify when updates are available option has no effect on auto updating apps . you need to disable " auto update apps " right below that option . also , in the play store , go to the camera app listing and tap the menu button ( either physical menu key if equipped or the 3-dot menu in the top right ) and make sure " auto update " is not checked for the camera app . this should prevent it from updating . keep in mind this update will still appear in your list of app updates in the play store , so you will be unable to use the " update all " function since this will include the camera app in the apps to be updated .
microsoft has a workaround for nokia phones related to the domain issue -- i have not tried it yet , but it might be worth a shot -- nokia set-up • some nokia devices cannot accept an empty domain field during set-up . during set-up , enter at least a space and then after saving the profile , return to the " credentials " section under " options " to clear the " domain " field for the set-up to succeed .
instead of using windows live mail setup , use exchange active sync setup when setting up a new email . it will give you option to sync both calendar and contacts . it just worked for me .
http://windowsteamblog.com/windows_live/b/windowslive/archive/2010/08/30/hotmail-now-supports-push-email-calendar-and-contacts-with-exchange-activesync.aspx
i would recommend rooting the phone and installing a custom rom without sense .
forcing external sd mount away from /mnt/sdcard has no technical merit , it is google 's way of helping hardware vendors to create a differentiation point for phones with more internal memory . there is no reason why applications have to find a way to locate the external card when /mnt/sdcard was clearly the place the sdcard should have been and google 's undefined way of loading external sd card is another less than consumer friendly plot to make external sd card less useful in newer android devices . there is no reason why /data and /mnt/sdcard had to be merged into the same partition on newer version of android except for manufacturer to differentiate phones with larger internal memory from lower cost units with less internal memory . even if the merge had to be done , google could have clearly defined a standard new mounting point for the external sd cards instead of leaving it completely vague . this is completely working against preventing further " segmentation " of the android eco-system by a clumsy design to help vendor differentiation of higher end phones against lower cost units with less built-in memory . android app binaries are tiny , phones with 1-2 gigs of internal memory should have way more than enough space for hundreds of apps , and all the large data could be safely tucked way on an external sd card . but then vendors realized they had to have a way to differentiate their higher end product , and claiming a higher internal memory become part of that scheme and crippling the usefulness of external memory is the other integrated part this scheme required for this to work fully hence the less helpful api to find external sd cards and the unstandardized mounting points . so : no , mounting sd card at a place other than /mnt/sdcard is nothing but a business strategy for selling higher priced new phones under newer version of android , nothing more than that . just imagine , if the nexus 4 8gb and nexus 16gb can both use 64gb of external sd card for application and media , is there a reason for anyone to buy the 16 gb version ? that extra 8 gb of nand memory is not surely not worth $50 price difference if external sd cards are involved . since most components in a smart phone pretty much has to be the same ( ram , processor , radios ) , the only area left for more profit margin is the internal memory space , and hence the weird external memry mounting point . also has everyone also noticed the absence of external sd support from current crop of " google " branded android devices ? this trend will keep expanding in " top tier " android devices . external sd card support was a key differentiation for android devices to overtake iphone 's dominance in mobile market . now with android ruling supreme in the numbers game , there is little need for this profit sapping practice to be up kept for much longer . i will not be surprised by android 5.0 , the external sd card support would be a thing of the past . because if it is hard to apps to find externals sd card , then most program will just simply use the known /data and /mnt/sdcard locations , with most apps use more and more stored data for its operation , a vibrant product mark up strategy is created out of " thin air " simply by not mount external sd card at /mnt/sdcard .
you should be aware ( if rooted ) you can go into /system/etc/vold . fstab and swap the mount points for /sdcard and /mnt/external_sd . . . . this will allow your sdcard to be on /sdcard as you expect and the remaining " internal storage " will be mounted on /mnt/external_sd or if you prefer /sdcard/external_sd/
the reason is the history of android : the first generation of android devices only had a small amount of internal storage ( around 100-400mib ) which was mounted under /data . next , devices with a , at that time external , sd-card came out . the sd card was mounted under /mnt/sdcard . after that , devices with large internal storage came on the market . this storage was portioned , because /mnt/sdcard had become the default place for big data chunks from apps , pictures and such . so the android environment had to have a /data and /mnt/sdcard directory . therefore one partition was for /data , the other for /mnt/sdcard . this is the reason why you storage space could become low ( the /data partition ) even if there is plenty of space on /mnt/sdcard . this situation was improved with android 3.0: /data and /mnt/sdcard are now pointing to the same partition . good job google , that could have been done versions ago . which is also the reason why app2sd is no more needed on android 3.0 or higher : you would only move the data within the same volume . now we come to the answer if your question : since /mnt/sdcard is already mounted on the internal storage , an external sd-card has to use a different mount point . and this mount point is not specified by google . it could be /mnt/sdcard/ext_sd /mnt/external /mnt/extSdCard /mnt/sdcard/external_sd etc . the api call getExternalStorageDirectory() usually points to the internal storage directory . this behavior is documented . there are open source projects that provide tools to find the external sd-card directory in a canonical way .
if your device is rooted , you could give wireless tether for root users a try . according to an article on e-how . com , this app also features a mac-filter , allowing you to exactly define which devices are permitted on your hotspot : wireless tether provides wpa encryption , the latest wireless security standard , and allows for mac address filtering , letting you screen devices without having to constantly monitor your phone . ( edit : according to the app 's own description , wpa/wpa2 is available on supported devices only , whatever those " supported devices " may be ) for the default hotspot shipping with android , you might want to star this issue at google code , which requests exactly the feature you are looking for ( mac filtering ) .
from what i understand - if you use a strong password in either wpa-psk or wpa2-psk it is more or less " unbreakable " . even if you use a legacy cipher like tkip you still need to intercept the 4 way handshake to get the authentication packets . when you gotten that , then the hashed string need to be brute forced . android hotspots running wpa2-psk will use the aes cipher by default unless told otherwise by the device requesting access . so as long as you force both of your computers to run aes and pick a strong password . you should not worry about the neighbours cracking your wifi ; ) recommendations regarding the password : do not use any words that can be found in a dictionary mix letters , capitol letter , numbers , ! "#¤% and / ( ) = ? @£$€ [ ] {} ( the more randomness the better ) the length of password should probably be at least 10 characters long , if you follow the advice above then the longer the better : ) newer android phones can filter by mac and hide the ssid ( my samsung galaxy siii can ) - but that is more or less security by obscurity with the tools out there today . basic sniffing tools can find hidden networks and mac addresses can easily be spoofed :/ toms hardware did an article about it last year , link to article - they show cpu and gpu based cracking , the later is the de facto standard these days .
the picture you are looking for is /data/system/users/0/photo . png just delete it to get rid of it . god bless .
go into the people or contacts app . at the top of the list is a heading me with a special item to set up my profile . click that item and it takes you to the " new contact " screen . on this screen , to the right of the " name " field , there is a little grey " contact icon " box . if you click that you can replace the photo with a picture from the gallery or by taking a photo .
if you think this file is not pdf . . then downlad it on windows pc and open by notepad . first few letters in first row will tell you what format is current file . you can paste it here to let us see what is that . for example : %pdf-1.6
ok , i managed to fix my phone . the first thing that differed about my phone from the video tutorials i watched was that when you are preparing to flash the phone , you are supposed to hold vol+ and vol- then connect the usb cable . in the video tutorials the lg logo came on at that point , but on mine it did not . i figured out that if i plugged in the cable first , then held vol+ and vol- the lg logo would come on . this was wrong . the p999 does not display the lg logo when ready to flash . hold vol+ and vol- and then connect the usb cable , wait a few seconds and then let go . your phone should be ready to flash now . if it is not , try again . secondly , this is the software you want to use to flash if you have bricked it : t-mobile g2x one-click recovery flasher . the version i found on some other websites was outdated and would not fix the problem i had mounting the sd card ( which is actually internal memory on the g2x ) . with this version i was able to boot into recovery mode , mount the sd card manually , and then flash the rom . i was able able to properly enable usb mass storage from recovery mode , which would allow you to copy a new rom to the sd card if you have somehow lost your data . the final issue i ran into was no google apps , and no ability to sync my phone to google . you can grab the google apps and flash them through recovery mode here .
this is a known issue with the market / apps accounts . i believe google has upgraded some apps accounts to allow market purchases , but if yours has not been upgraded then i believe you are out of luck and should create a regular google account to use with the market .
i know this is late , but i have the same kind of phone , and came across the same problem . honestly , if you have that many messages and still want to delete them , the best way to do so is to set the screen fade out to never , plug it into the charger , and delete the messages while you are sleeping . by the time you wake up the loading circle will be gone , along with all the messages you deleted . hope this helps !
late reply , but i just experienced the same thing and used a different approach to fix this problem which may work for others . i am not sure what caused this issue--never really looked at my texting settings before . but below is what worked for me when restarting , and deleting data did nothing for me . i went to running applications , found the texting application ( mine was multi-touch keyboard ) , selected it , went to settings , changed the input method to " swype " , then closed out . this stopped the keyboard from locking whenever i went to input txt into any application .
handcent sms is the most oft-recommended sms replacement app on this site , so it is probably good to try . if you have no issues with it , then i would assume it is just a buggy sms app that you have and not a deeper problem . if you do not mind losing all your messages you could try going to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , finding the sms app ( "messaging " or similar ) , and clearing the data for it . there may also be something like " messaging storage " that you need to clear . i do not know of any app that will improve performance of the existing app , and replacing a messaging app can be tricky . i would recommend a custom rom that has had some of these bugs worked out . this xda topic has a good overview of roms for your device .
maybe your phone does not support the app you are searching . also , some apps only can be install from certain locations ( example google listen is available in a few countries ) . from google play website all apps are going to appear , but when you try to install this apps its gonna say " this app is not compatible with your device " .
the general opinion everywhere is that the web marketplace is much better with search results than the marketplace app ( it is really puzzling as to why is such the case ) . and no , the problem is not india specific , it is faced everywhere . the same opinion holds for other stores as well , including apple 's appstore . the good news is , there are a few companies trying to make it better , namely chomp and tapjoy : chomp has been pretty successful and has been solving a truly-existing problem , which is evident since verizon now includes chomp in its tethered phones . for more info , see xconomy . com news article discussing the search issues in the mobile market places and apps like chomp and tapjoy .
not aware , but a quick check in the playstore shows there are several bicycle apps supporting " ant+ sensors " for speed and other things . take e.g. a look at ipbike ant+™ bike computer , ant+ bike display demo , ipbikekey , and others . starting point : ant+ playstore search : ) please note that , as ifor pointed out in his comment , that this requires special support from the android device 's hardware . details can be found e.g. at the ipbike page .
it turns out most of the problems seem to have stemmed from my trying to split the boot and recovery images in the wrong place . i was trying to extract the kernel and ramdisk at the 1f8b for gzip ( the kernel before , ramdisk after ) , but there were several instances of 1f8b ( specifically 1f8b 0800 ) in the hex code and the first one was not the correct one . after splitting the image in the right place , i got a more realistically sized kernel and a ramdisk which extracted successfully . i was also able to get boot . img and recovery . img via adb from /dev/bootimg and /dev/recovery by explicitly limiting the size as per aureljared 's comment on the question regarding my original problem : dd if=/dev/bootimg of=/where/to/store/it bs=6291456 count=1  though the images still contain the error messages , i think they are probably supposed to be there as i have found them in some other known good images online . note that i have not truly tested the images are valid as they are just backups and the only way to test them is to flash them and thus potentially brick my phone if they are bad . i am fairly confident this problem is solved since i can extract the ramdisk , though .
using android-lost is easy ; install android lost from gplay or google play ( you already did this ) go to the homepage of android lost log in using your google account ! use all the nice features , let your phone ring , locate it , erase all your data or change the pin , give the thieve or finder a message etc .
izzy says : have you tried going to settings-> apps-> manage apps and see if you can find the download manager there ? might either be in the alphabetic order , or moved to the end of the list . tap its entry , tap the " enable " button . bassmadrigal says : it should be under settings -> apps -> all at the bottom of the list ( if you have multiple apps disabled , it will be sorted alphabetically below all the enabled apps ) . just click on it and click the enable button .
go to settings > apps then scroll to the right . you will see a few tabs : downloaded running , all disabled ( if any of your apps are disabled ) in the disabled tab find the download manager and enable it .
the official google+ app requires android 2.1 or newer , and as the market share for 1.6 and older is now vanishingly small , and getting smaller by the day ( at time of writing the combined market share of 1.5 + 1.6 is 3.6% ) it is unlikely to be modified to work on older oss . similarly unless there is a dev who is also stuck on 1.6 himself and desperate to use google+ , a market share like that is barely worth most devs efforts to create a 3rd party app if there is features in newer platform versions that would make things easier for them . your best bet is to use the web interface at http://google.com/+ as the google+ for mobile page specifically states that that is compatible with android 1.5 and up .
mhhh . . . this is gonna be impossible / tricky . . . i would say : a ) check if you have any custom rom developed for your phone ( cyanogen and co ) so you can upgrade not officially your android version b ) wait for seesmic and similar application to support google+ and use one of those c ) use the web version ( but i suppose you do not like it ) if you give further information about your android i will try to be much more specific : )
you have 2 main options : 1 ) use web based google+ through your browser 2 ) or , root your phone and put a custom rom that has android v2.1 or higher . if you are willing to do the latter , then google around or search here on http://forum.xda-developers.com find your device in the master list , and try to find root and rom instructions there . chances are , if you have a g1 , my touch , cliq or any of the old devices , you will find instructions on how to get a 2.1+ rom happy rooting ! : )
i am not familiar with that particular distribution . however , in general unless the build you installed contains the " google experience " apps ( or if there is a separate market package for it , ) you will not be able to use the official android market front-end to send apps to your virtual device . there are some alternate markets , such as amazon appstore , getjar , slideme , etc . most will require you to download and install their own market app in order to get other apps . if you already have apks of the apps , you should be able to side-load them either via adb shell ( from android sdk ) , or via the bundled package installer by executing the apk from the storage area with some sort of a file system browser ( if included with the build . )
i do apologize if i misunderstood your question , but if you just want to be able to install apps from the play store , you could use a free online service called evozi . it lets you download apks directly from the play store . you can install the app by opening the app package in your emulator . keep in mind however , that you would have to update the apps manually using this method . the only way to let apps auto update is by using a market app installed on your emulator .
you can only get google play apps on officially supported devices , which have the google play infrastructure pre-loaded . if you have an emulator , an overview of how to do this : install a " pirate " copy of the google apps from goo . im modify your build . prop so that you have a " supported " device linked to your account ( app developers will choose devices to officially support , so this may be per-app )
the messages you sent will still reside in the recipient 's whatsapp even if you delete your whatsapp account .
no they wont be deleted and stored in a private whatsapp directory . when you again install whatsapp it will search for that content and if found you can reload all your contents with news version installed . and you do not have whatsoever any control on the messaged that you have already sent to other users they are stored locally on their side so just deleting your account does not make them vanish from other users device .
the messages will remain on the whatsapp interface . also , there is a history of all conversations in the whatsapp folder on your internal storage . you may also want to get rid of them , if you do not want backups of all of your messages . basically , once you send a message to someone they receive it and it goes to their storage , so you cannot delete those .
i think bis was automatically syncing your blackberry contacts to google server . when you added google account to your android , it automatically imported all your contacts from google server .
this may be slightly different on a gs4 but give this a try and let me know if you run into any issues : -go to setting -> apps -> web browser ( chrome , firefox whatever browser you are using ) -clear cache -clear data and if that does not work : uninstall and reinstall .
navigation has always been a part of the google maps application . the icon was essentially a convenience shortcut , but not a separate app , and was removed around july 2013 in the maps 7.0 update . it is possible you still had the old version of maps on your other rom . either that , or the rom author added some kind of shortcut " app " to re-create the old navigation icon or something of that nature . if you want to use your phone to navigate somewhere , open google maps and type the address in the search bar , then hit the button in the bottom right ( the exact text/icon may vary depending on distance ) . if you really want the separate navigation icon , you could possibly downgrade to a version of maps earlier than 7.0 . a custom launcher could also let you create a shortcut directly to the navigation activity on your desktop , but probably not in the app drawer . apex launcher , for example , can create a shortcut on your home screen by long pressing on an empty space on one of your home screens , then selecting Shortcuts -&gt; Activities -&gt; Maps -&gt; Navigation .
all google services are accessible via ipv6 , since june 6 , 2012 . and yes , i have tried it myself . my own android is on ipv6 .
what might be causing this : the issue is with the new rom . what company it is of ? for example , i tried cyanogen 10.1 in htc hd2 , and it was running perfect . but had a little speed issue , as when i started gprs connection by sim card , the phone started to hang out . but that is not the subject . the main issue here is the internet connection . or the data connection ( access point ) error . you might be setting access point which are not correct . try to get some help from the network provider or read some blogs online , to check what settings would work for your phone . android phones have same settings all around , so that means a setting for sony xperia would work in samsung galaxy too . what you should do : i tried another rom in my current phone , qmobile noir a8 . it was letting me use internet before the rom update , so i was worried what to do ? as i was also able to use wifi , but not the data connection . so i first tried to do a factory reset . but all in vain , as i was having the rom that has been installed , and my stock rom was no more in memory . so i tried to get help from there site , incpak , no help ! then i tried to check my phone 's settings . in settings i saw that there is no access point set . so i entered the configurations of my sim card 's grps there , and restarted the data connections . bravo ! i was able to get the internet now ! : ) try to get some help from the people who created this rom , if this is a rom created by someone who said : " i will not be responsible if you brick your device . " then you have no idea what mess you are in to now . go find a new rom for your phone as this aint gonna work . but if you got a rom from someone like cyanogen then you can get some help by contacting them . or you try the first method i posted . i am sure , you will get set by that one . if not , then try to edit the settings . that is all what an android phone can get issues with .
it is going to depend on the device . each carrier/manufacturer likes to add their own apps and widgets . some even pre-load multimedia files for you . so , this question really can not be answered . ( most definitive answer would be to just get the file sizes of the stock android roms . )
dbm = ( 2 × asu ) - 113 asu in the range of 0-31 and 99 ( for not known or not detectable ) .
the sync option only controls whether changes are synchronized to and from that device : that is , if you add or delete a contact on the device , this change is reflected on other devices , and vice-versa . disabling sync just means the contacts that have already been synced to the device will get out of date when you change them . to control which contacts are shown , you need to go into the people app , then choose contacts to display from the overflow menu ( the three-dots in the top-right corner ) . then choose customise from the contacts to display dialog , and you can choose which groups of contacts from which accounts to show . when you create a new contact , you can choose from the menu at the top which google account to create it in ( or to keep it on the phone only ) . it remembers your previous selection , so if you only want to use one account , you only need to set it once .
if this device acts as a usb keyboard , then you do not need a special driver . just be sure to set everything up before you start scanning : start an app that has some text input , and make sure you focus the text input field as if you are about to type in it .
sipdroid that i what started with but after researching on it and from developers reviews i found that application has some missing functionality like multiple call and transferring calls etc . . . i do not know but may who is expert in sip stack or have time to do can implement missing functionality but i am neither one of them so my desire to get an application that have all this functionality and by modifying it i can integrate into my application and csipsimple is the answer . however its not easy job to build csipsimple into windows environment but there is hack how to do it . so carefully read its wiki about building project into window environment . according to wiki you can build native library or you can go ahead without building the native library . i suggest for windows user to go with without building the native library . if you have read wiki then in " without building the native library " section last line is like " to get the . so files , download latest nightly build from nightly build website and unpack the apk file ( apk files are just zip files ) . then get lib/arch/ . so files and copy it into csipsimple libs/arch/ . so " i have to clarify one important thing about that : first get . apk file of csipsimple . the version of . apk file must same to download version of your csipsimple source code . . here , you can see the source code version . download the same version . apk and do further as described in wiki .
i do have such profiles runnning just fine . when you define the context for the profile , you need to set an event and not a state for a certain variable set or variable clear .
for posterity here 's what i did ( from memory , no guarantee the exact wording of the menu options will be the same ) : make sure you have android sdk installed and kindle drivers installed . open up devmgmt.msc ( device management window ) go to device tate-pvt-08 . right-click . click " update driver " . click " browse my computer for driver software " click " let me pick from a list of drivers on my computer " choose kindle fire 2 in the list that pops up . install adb composite driver . open up cmd with administrator privileges . go to sdk\tools in your android sdk . download http://fs1.d-h.st/download/00021/pv3/kf2_srt_10.2.3.zip ( kindle fire 2 images ) . unzip the file . follow the rest of http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2035047 .
it is perfectly normal for a device ( usualy import models from china ) to have a kernel version such as " kernel version-- 3.4.0 root@tom-desktop#1" etc . and this has nothing to do with " rooting " a device . if i am not mistaken the " tom-desktop " is the default hostname when building a kernel .
you have to remove the automatically added server " hermes . jabber . org " . just leave the field empty . see https://dev.guardianproject.info/issues/2803
yes and yes . http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=8035 i have not seen any resolution to this except changing the router 's ssid if you have access to it .
i have found you can use fastboot without affecting cwm . sudo /path/to/fastboot boot boot.img  or sudo /path/to/fastboot flash:raw boot /path/to/zImage /path/to/ramdisk.img 
the required part of a kernel . zip file looks like this : META-INF com google android update-binary updater-script  you will also want to have the kernel zImage file somewhere else , easiest if you just have it in the root of the archive . updater-script contains the following at minimum ( assumes zImage in the root ) : assert(package_extract_file("zImage", "/tmp/zImage"); write_raw_image("/tmp/zImage", "/dev/block/mmcblk0p8"); delete("/tmp/zImage") );  you can also do things like show a progress bar , print messages , wipe /cache , and so on . you will want to grab update-binary from another kernel package for the sgs2 . one at random is attached to this xda post . i tested this method on my sgs vibrant without issue , using a kernel from an odin package and an update-binary from another vibrant kernel . zip . note that this is perfectly safe as long as you are writing to the correct partition -- for the vibrant it was bml17 , for the sgs2 it appears to be mmcblk0p5 ( based on the kernel from xda i linked above ) or mmcblk0p8 if you are flashing an entire boot image ( see comments below ) . you will want to verify it for sure . worst case your kernel does not work and you flash a known good one .
while the phone is connected as a usb mass storage device , it is giving the pc sole access to the sd card . the phone can not access the card at the same time because of how the usb mass storage protocol works . that is why newer android phones use mtp instead : a different protocol that lets the phone and the pc access the sd card at the same time . to keep the sd card available on the phone while it is connected to a pc , change the usb connection settings so that the phone is not acting as a usb mass storage device . i do not know exactly how the settings work on that phone , but if you click on the connected to pc ( or similar ) notification it should take you to the appropriate settings page . there you can switch to mtp if your phone supports it , or to charge only if it does not .
try tapping on the name of the folder when the folder is open ( in this case " folder" ) . you may have to do a long-press .
there is a reason why pressing ok has to be done and cannot be avoided is this - the pin number can be of any length of your preference , and by pressing ok that is signalling the intention that there i have all the pin digits entered , now android , please verify ! if there was a way to avoid pressing ok , that would impose the restriction on the length of the pin digits used , once the length of digits is reached ( for example the pin can be four digits long ) , then it would be automatic , but unfortunately in this case , no , you do have to press ok .
quick fix is Settings-&gt; apps-&gt; all apps-&gt; google maps-&gt; uninstall update
you might want to see apps you have installed previously but since uninstalled in order to find an app that you but want to recommend to a friend . you might uninstall an app by accident and want to find it again easily . google play needs to keep track of this information anyway , for two reasons:- you can only review an app you have installed ; even after uninstalling a paid app , it remains available to you , and you can reinstall it again without paying . deleting an entry only hides it from the list ( on all your devices and the web interface ) , and has no other effect .
digital , you need to be more clear about your intentions . what are you trying to telnet to/from ? if you want to telnet to your phone , it is not as easy as running telnet on your computer by entering your phone 's ip address . you have to run a telnet server on the phone -- otherwise the connection is refused . the best way to tell if you are actually rooted is by using terminal emulator . when you run term you will see a "$" , this is a user prompt , where you type in commands . the "$" means you are a normal user , not root . however , if you type " su " and hit enter and you end up with a "#" prompt , that means you are superuser ( root ) . if you can successfully get a superuser prompt , you are properly rooted . ( you might get a superuser permissions request for term when you first run " su" ) . once you are on a superuser prompt you can run a telnet/ssh server ( telnet is not recommended , as it is insecure ) . to see if you have an ssh server installed on your phone ( you should already if you run a mod , otherwise you will probably have to install one manually ) , type the following command ( as root ) in term : find / -name dropbear  it should return "/system/xbin/dropbear " , unless your mod has a slightly different filesys structure , in which case it might return a slightly different string , or error out altogether . if you do have dropbear , you can continue reading ( otherwise install dropbear first , then continue from here ) . now , as root in term ( make sure you have the "#" prompt , or type " whoami " to see what your username is ) , enter the following commands one at a time ( stop if any give an error ) . be very cautious when entering commands as root ! make sure you type everything exact including proper case . if the above commands were successful enter the following commands to complete the process : sync mount -o remount,ro -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock4 /system  you now have ssh server capability on your android device . note that this does not mean you are running and ssh server at this point , only that you are capable . to run your ssh server , first enter the following ( again , as root ) in term : dropbear -p WANIP  ( replace " wanip " with the external ip of your phone -- the ip you want to ssh in to ) your ssh server should now be running . you can check this by typing : ps|grep dropbear  it should return a line that ends with the word " dropbear " note depending on your version of android or mod , some of these steps may vary . if you encounter a problem ( dropbear does not run , or you can not ssh in ) , first check if dropbear is still running ( above command ) and then run " dropbear -e " to see why it will not start if it is not running . i am more than willing to answer any further questions you may have . happy hacking !
afaik , mostly port 1-1024 on android phone are reserved for system , so the application other than system must use port > 1024 . i never use telnet , but i used ssh frequently to remote my phone , i use ssh server on phone using http://teslacoilsw.com/quicksshd maybe you can use ssh as an alternative to telnet .
first off , read this thread on xda forums to make sure you are properly rooted . if you are positive you are properly and fully rooted then what app are you using ? i have never heard of the app telnet . try swiftp . it is easily configurable and has always worked on my rooted devices .
it does not matter where you put them . a convenient place usually is the ( internal or external ) sd card , where you simply could create a Photos folder , and extract your photos to . the gallery app simply checks the devices media database , it does not check the directories directly . this database gets fed by the so-called media scanner , which gets triggered by different system events , such as immediately after a completed boot , or whenever the sd card gets mounted . this is why you do not see the extracted images immediately . see my answer here for how to trigger it " on demand " ( hint : for kitkat , try the sd scanner app ) .
you have to sync your google calender after you add the events to your calender . settings> google account> sync calender after that refresh google now , it should show the calenders .
all these events i have not responded to / do not want to attend are driving me crazy ! if you only want to see events you have answered " attending " or " maybe attending " then you could try " freedom " , a service that i developed .
go to : https://www.facebook.com/events/calendar click the gears icon next to today on the top left , then click export right click export your friend 's birthdays and select copy link address go to https://www.google.com/calendar/ click the arrow next to other calendars select add by url paste the url address you copied from facebook in step ( 3 ) click add calendar your friend 's birthdays now show up on your google calendar on the web . you can repeat the same process if you wish to add the upcoming events , just select upcoming events in step 3 . wait a bit for the changes to sync to your phone ( you should have calendar sync enabled on the same google account on your phone ) . now on your android phone/tablet , open the calendar then select menu -> settings -> {your google account} . look for friends ' birthdays and select it . privacy warning : make sure to leave the make the calendar publicly accessible ? checkbox unselected . note : the terminology in step 3 differs between browsers . chrome shows it as copy url address , firefox shows it as copy link location , other browsers may differ a bit , but they all have the same meaning . note : on your android phone i am assuming you are using the google calendar app . s-planner , or other calendar apps may handle this differently .
barring mounting the share as a filesystem on a rooted device , i do not believe this is possible without a third-party app . you can use es file explorer to connect to the remote directory . there is a detailed how-to on the xda developers forum , which also includes the steps for sharing the directories from various versions of windows . since you already have the windows shared folders working , here are the steps for es file explorer from the afforementioned xda developers thread and detailed in these screenshots from the thread . open es file explorer tap " lan " option ( assuming you are connecting to a server on your lan ) to enter the " lan shares " section of esfe . tap the " new " button to add a server . tap the " server " option . enter your server 's information , including the username and password you intend to use ( make sure you use an account that has the access you need ) . tap the newly created server in the lan shares area to get to the shared folders on that server . editing files on your android device will be a little tricky . es file explorer is the only app which can actually manipulate files over the network . if you open the file in another app , then esfe will export the file to the app and another file will be created . you will need to move the file back to the share , using es file explorer , in order to update it on the server . i use es file explorer as an example . there are probably other apps with similar functionality .
as you explicitly asked for the " alternative solution " ( as said , there is no native variant i know of – but mounting the remote drive to your android device makes it available almost like local storage , so you could edit files directly ) , here are some hints on that . not however , that all these solutions require root access on the device . the playstore holds apps like cifsmanager and mount manager . i have not tried either of them , so all below is only deduced from their playstore description : cifsmanager should be easier to use , as its only requirement is root access – while mount manager notes special requirements regarding the kernel . both support cifs ( or samba , which is the protocol used for windows shares ) . so you can use them to directly connect ( "mount" ) your windows shares to your android device , where they should become visible as separate folders ( again , you can configure the location ) . as the system then handles them as it would any local " drive " , you can directly edit your pdf ( or other ) files – and when you save your edits , they should be directly stored back on your windows share .
i believe it closes the popup alert but leaves the message marked unread , whereas the close button ( the X ) will mark it as read and close the popup . edit : this seems to be supported by this comment from their website .
ok seems adb shell ran-as "package-name" ...  should do the trick , but because of a bug , this cannot be done on 4.3 system . bug : https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=58373
i found windows 7 bluetooth lacking so i bought a third party package and have no problem using windows 7 bluetooth with my android devices . the package was by blue soleil
you can also assign your custom application to search+key : [ source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=26105269postcount=3 ] must be using either nova or apex launcher long press on home screen and select shortcuts select activities ( for whichever launcher you are using nova or apex ) scroll down and select settings scroll down and select quick launch ( the first one ) and it should create the shortcut icon on your desktop
calling at and t may get you an unlock code within 24 hours . you do not need to buy one , or follow this technical guide . but if all else fails , you can unlock via a downgrade to 4.1.1 . how to do this is below . the most reputable source i found is here : xda developers at and t samsung sgh-i317 , a big thank you to : odin guide and last steps are from after 4.1.1 estimated time : 2 hours . about sgh-i317 this is the code that identifies the at and t usa version of the samsung note ii . every carrier has a different firmware , so you would need to use the firmware for your carrier . about unlocking unlocking is not the same as rooting . unlocking let 's you use your phone with other sim cards . rooting let 's you have more control over the internal software system of the device . about samsung odin a 3rd party software used to change the firmware of samsung phones . about 4.1.2 jelly bean this is the android version of the phone . it is an older version , but onl version 4.1.1 has a free unlock menu . about kies a similar to itunes for ios , a proprietary phone syncing tool . about i317ucalj2 this is your baseband version for the 4.1.1 on at and t usa . a list of all the baseband versions of the modems are here : http://www.androidayos.com/samsung-galaxy-note-2-stock-firmware/ requirements samsung galaxy note 2 usa at and t locked 4.1.2 jelly bean windows computer downloads needed exact version : odin 3.07 ( newer versions will not work ) : http://forum.xda-developers.com/attachment.php?attachmentid=1168421d=1341114315 ( may also need the note 2 usb driver : https://mega.co.nz/#!yvjnlcal!w2tkttlogvwqtfd0aon1dg1pgpjceqavxonqlspeqog ) 4.1.1 original firmware , sometmies called j2 modem for your phone : at and t is here : http://d-h.st/wsw full list here : http://www.androidayos.com/samsung-galaxy-note-2-stock-firmware/ samsung kies : http://www.samsung.com/ca/support/usefulsoftware/kies/jsp 7-zip : http://sourceforge.net/projects/sevenzip/ steps to unlock disclaimer : if your phone is not an sgh-i317 ( see device settings ) or if you do not follow the steps or your not careful , you may brick your phone . i take no responsibility , follow at your own risk : charge phone to full battery . backup important phone data . install samsung kies install samsung usb driver . enable usb debugging from your phone’s settings . go to settings > applications > development , and tick the box that says ‘enable usb debugging’ . ensure that kies is closed and not running in the system tray ! kies will interrupt and doesn’t like odin , it will block you from flashing . turn off phone completly . then while off : hold the volume down key , home button and the power on/off button simultaneously until it says downloading . . do not turn off target ! ! ” plug in usb cable from phone to computer . use samsung odin 3.07 ( for sgh-i317 ) to downgrade the firmware to 4.1.1 i317ucalj2 in odin window – the id:com box will turn to blue color and indicates the com port number and a word “added” on a log box will prompt you that the device is already detected or recognized by odin . your com port number might be different from mine . if you do not see a com port number then there’s something missing or wrong wait for the word pass ! ! ** takes about 7 minutes ** troubleshooting : phone should reboot . if it gets stuck at samsung logo ad-infinitum ( give it at least 2 literal minutes , sometimes it needs to process for a bit ) , try to poweroff by holding power button . worst case , remove battery . while off : hold volume up , power , and home buttons and do : 1 Wipe data / factory 2 Wipe cache partition dial this into your phone *#1234# verify you have 4.1.1 now ( i317ucalj2 ) Settings &gt; About Device . if this did not work , see this guide for troubleshooting : http://www.androidayos.com/2013/04/07/unroot-and-restore-back-att-galaxy-note-2-sgh-i317-to-original-firmware-stock-rom/ finally , dial the following into your phone app . *#197328640# select [1] UMTS &gt; [1] Debug Screen &gt; [8] Phone Control &gt; [6] Network Lock &gt; Options [3]Perso SHA256 OFF &gt; after choosing this option , wait about 30 seconds . then go back one step by pressing the Menu button and then select Back . this will take you to [6] Network Lock options choose [4] NW Lock NV Data INITIALLIZ wait for a minute then reboot your phone . insert a sim card from a non-at and t carrier
the factory reset failed to format /data ( and thus most likely left the old encryption in place ) . having formatted /data manually , the factory reset finally could complete successfully , and the new version of cyanogenmod showed up .
this looks like a corrupted file . you most probably pulled the cable before everything was written to disk . compare original and copied file by calculating both md5sums and see if they match : open office ' site has a comprehensive guide how to do that on windows and linux ( same on macos ) . http://www.openoffice.org/dev_docs/using_md5sums.html
i solved it by downloading es file explorer from the play store ( it is free ) , then put the videos that will not copy in a zip file - which you copy to your android device and extract them there . i successfully played those videos using the vlc beta version .
i think google+ profile pictures have to be chosen by the people themselves . your google contacts are private to you while their profile picture on their public profile is public . in their profile information you will see private contact data as well , but it is explicitly mentioned and are additional . i do not think their is a way to do so because it just is not meant to be done .
ics has issues on some devices with wireless-n . my acer a500 works properly , but my 2 xperia phones kill my router instantly if i use the n-draft protocol . so , try deactivating n-draft mode in your android device or your router , then it sohuld work .
assuming that dropbox is not blocked , then maybe a note-taking or todo type app that syncs with dropbox could help ? for instance epistle or todo . txt touch alternately do you have wifi at work that your phone can connect to ? you could use the wifi keyboard app that lets you type or paste from the pc straight into whatever text box is currently active on the phone . there are also apps that do the same over bluetooth if that is a better option ( though i have not personally used them ) . see this previous answer for some similar connectivity options .
you might want to look at clipbird . it can sync clipboards between your pc and your phone . you do not really need to do anything special , it will just sync them up .
you need evernote ! http://www.evernote.com/ they have a web interface and an android app . it is really pretty fantastic !
at last i found the answer to the dumb issue i have had , whereby the wifi scan " hangs " and never sees local wifi . set wifi on during sleeps - always , best wifi - off and auto-disconnect - off . think it is the last setting which cleared my issue .
as described above , the freezing does not occure during the first connection after reboot . therefore , i was able to open the advanced settings in the wifi menu after a reboot . there , i changed following settings : keep wifi on during sleep -> always best wifi performance -> off auto-disconnect -> off since then , the problem has not appeared . the phone was on a mobile network many times ( when i was outside of reach ) , and it logs on without problems when i return to the reach of a known network . no freezing any more . i do not know which one of the three settings changed anything , because i did not try any combinations . i am just happy that the problem disappeared after weeks of slow mobile internet only .
i am using the same version of the os on my htc one x and i have never had this problem before . so i am thinking this is maybe a problem concerning the hardware of your phone . maybe you should contact htc for this problem . they can probably help you some more . but you could always try to do a hard factory reset ( this is something which htc support will ask to do too ) . because an update does not really reset anything . a factory reset should reset all settings , this to make sure it is not a problem of your settings . before you do a factory reset , make sure you have a backup of everything .
how do i find out the amount of memory allocated to each application in any smartphone ? call getMemoryClass() on ActivityManager , which returns the heap limit in mb .
do you have any control over the ( presumably wireless ) lan that you are connecting your phone to ? it seems to me that the main part of your problem is just that your phone picks up different ip addresses each time it connects to your lan . if it always had the same ip , then you could either make a note of this , save it in your ssh client , or assign a name to that ip on your other machine ( s ) using a hosts file or similar . are you in control of your network , or do you know the person that is ? you ( or they ) should be able to assign a static ip address , or a reserved ip address , to your device so that every time you connect your phone to the lan it always picks up the same ip address . if it is a small , personal network then this would just be a setting on your device 's record on your router , if this is a larger network then it would be setup on the dhcp server and a matching a name record could also be setup on their internal dns to give you a permanent name .
currently there is no avahi daemon on android and open ticket #354 at avahi tracker , where there are attached patches , needs to be addressed to make a build for android possible . you can try to build it manually , if really needed .
to add to the answer above : titanium backup from play store you can install this , and it will have root > ok "-> tap for more information &lt ; - . " once you click on this it will display whether your root is correct and your current busybox version . alternatively , using terminal commands like in the accepted answer , you may need to enter the superuser command first with " su " in the terminal emulator of your choice . the prompt will change to a # sign to show you are now in superuser . the alternative sudo , will give superuser on a command by command basis , e.g. sudo busybox . as with the op , sometimes reflashing the rom is the easiest or you can use the busy box installer from play store . ( i have not tried this personally )
" how do i know if i have busybox ? " open terminal emulator and type " busybox " . if it gives you a giant list of command options , it is installed . if it says " command not found " , it is not . edit rather than putting this in the comments : you could also try su to become root followed by busybox , busybox --version , busybox --help or anything that will give you some feedback and some clues as to what is going on .
have you tried any of the work-arounds mentioned here disable opengles emulation support by renaming \tools\lib\libopenglrender . dll to libopenglrender . dll . disabled . or , reduce the amount of memory used by the emulator . try 900mb , if that does not work , try 800mb , if that does not work , try 700mb , you get the idea . manually set the resolution of your avd instead of choosing a template like wx800 or wx720
the error you have included indicates that the graphics driver on your desktop machine does not support the gl extensions that the emulator needs . turn off use host gpu in the avd settings . without using the host gpu , the emulator will run very slowly , especially if the app you are using is graphics-heavy . the emulator will take several minutes to start android . you may wish to consider upgrading the graphics card in your computer , to allow it to take advantage of this feature .
android is a linux too , so a simple example : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.android.settings/.TetherSettings &amp; 
i found this link to be useful . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=775911 essentially , you have to remove the battery , sim card and the microsd card . then wait for a while and put everything back and connect the phone to the pc running kies recovery . it worked for me , although its not clear to me what really clicked it .
from what you have written it appears that your phone has been " bricked . " the computer that you were using to perform your kies update via the usb connection was not capable of handling the update and unfortunately your phone has become inoperable .
from the comments it sounds like you have gotten back to download mode , so that is good . if not , try different button combinations in conjunction with battery removes and being plugged/unplugged into usb . something should get you there . once you are in download mode you are probably going to need odin to fix your device . you can use my instructions here for odin .
hard to say without knowing which device and firmware version we are talking about , so what follows is my speculation . i have a garmin nuvi which continues navigating in a tunnel , turns and all , despite losing its satellite reception . mine does not switch to night mode , but it clearly knows it is in a tunnel from the map data . since loss of reception is a given in a tunnel , the device must be dead-reckoning while it is in there . ( re-broadcasting is out because it would affect the signal timing which is key to calculating a fix ) . in fact , i have tested this by entering a tunnel fast and decelerating once inside it . the device alerted that it had lost reception and continued to display my entry speed , " passing " turnouts and the tunnel exit before i did . from that , i inferred that the firmware was using map information , possibly cross-checked with loss of satellite lock , to know when i have entered a tunnel .
1 ) take the s3 's battery out for 30 minutes . 2 ) then , reinsert the battery and use samsung odin to wipe the s3 and install a new android firmware by doing : a . if you have not installed the usb drivers for your s3 , then install samsung mobile phones usb drivers 1.5.33 . exe . otherwise , skip this step . for windows os , you can download the samsung usb drivers for mobile devices here ( using bittorent ) , or here ( straight download ) . b . shut down your phone . c . boot your phone into download mode i.e. hold volume down + home + power buttons down simultaneously . then , press volume up button to initiate download mode . d . plug in phone 's usb cable : one end into your phone 's connector and the other to your pc 's usb port or hub . e . open odin3 ( this version runs in windows only ) and check only " auto reboot " and " f . reset time " options . note : download odin from here . f . click the " pda " button and select " . tar " . then hit the " start " button and wait . g . once odin3 signalled " pass ! " , unplug phone 's usb cable . your s3 now has the new android firmware . 3 ) once the firmware is installed , do a factory reset . 4 ) wipe internal sd card , too , in case of rogue softwares lying around . 5 ) if you have an external microsd card installed in your s3 , wipe this card as well . note : backup any personal files ( photos , music , etc ) before the wipe .
burn the hardware . if it is dug itself in deeply enough to survive a factory reset and installing a new os from scratch , then there is no way you can trust this hardware again .
it is very possible for someone to unlock it , especially with the right skills . here is what i do not like about pattern unlocks : i once sat next to someone at school who wiped his ' friends ' phone screen off , and then waited for him to unlock it . he then stole it and looked at the smudge on the screen to get the unlock pattern . in my personal experience , number combinations are a lot safer than patterns . now lets say that you had a really good unlock pattern that was really long that nobody could just brute force hack . then your data is still a little bit more protected , but you can still get into it . all somebody has to do to get your data off of your phone is to root it and then they have access to everything . if i were you i would not be very worried . your phone does not ( or at least should not ) have credit card info stored on it . if you use a credit card for google play , then it is stored ( and encrypted ) on a google server . basically if someone were to ' hack ' your phone here is what they could look at : text messages emails from accounts synched with phone pictures videos music google calendar phone specific settings ( imei ect . ) here is what i would do i would go to my cell phone carrier and tell them to deactivate my sim card and ( if possible ) deactivate the phone . i know there are some carriers in europe that can actually wipe the phone completely . see if theft is covered by your carrier 's warranty ( it usually is not but its worth a shot ) . then get a new android powered device and move on . if i were you i would not worry about the data on your phone . i do not think anyone would take the time to go through all of your stuff on your phone because to you it is important but to them it is junk . you can try some simple android apps like : lost droid finder - apparently you can remote-install this app to your phone and it will help you find it . i have never tried it but maybe its worth a go . wheres my droid - this app is similar to the last one . what i like about this one is it can wipe almost anything on the phone ( sms , pictures and even the sd card ) . it can also remotely lock your phone if you did not already have a password on it . both of these apps are free . it is better to prepare for something like this before it happens , so if you are a person who frequently loses their phone , these apps might be something you might want to have just in case . so to directly answer your question : would it be possible for a thief to unlock [ my phone ] ? yes , will they ? probably not . they will probably just factory reset it and just do what they do . hope this helped you out !
youmail and pf voicemail+ are the two apps that come close to your requirement . please try . youmail has lot of options and features . there is one more " hullomail smart voicemail " . after going through many posts , youmail has been voted highly by users . pf voicemail + offers you transcripts of those voicemail but you have to check if there are any charges . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.youmail.android.vvm https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hullomail.messaging.android please note that some of these apps will require you to do the forwarding to their servers . it also depends on where you are located and mobile you are using . can you mention what type of mobile you are using ? it will help in knowing whether there are any limitations involved .
try if any of these apps work for you . it would depend on your phone , as android has limited support for total offline answering machine capabilities due to technical barriers . see this thread on xda . if your phone is not compatible , you might have the following issues : not be able to record calls record the conversation at only one end very low sound quality or volume google voice does not depend on your voicemail . the calls are recorded on google voice 's servers .
it seems that ics does not have native support for wma files . you can use an app like mx player ( or its pro version ) to play wma files .
a bit of a workaround , but . . . if the music ( . wma ) files are part of your music library then you can sign up to google 's " play music " and upload all your library to the cloud ( 20,000 songs for free ) . the resulting streamed music appears to be in a format that the device can play . the " play music " app still can not play . wma files directly that are stored on your device . however , the streamed music is saved/cached and plays offline . the " music manager " that runs on your pc uploads all your music tracks ( . wma files ) to the cloud . however , it does not upload songs that are already in its music library . i thought this was maybe the key - that the same song already exists in a compatible format in google 's storage - but it works with any . wma file , even files i have recorded myself . edit : if i download a track , that was originally a . wma file , from my cloud library on the web then it downloads a . mp3 file . this is the same for all . wma files - even files i have recorded myself , so google must convert them .
go to settings and turn on bluetooth . click menu button and you will see the option Show received files . alternatively every files sent via bluetooth will be stored in a folder named bluetooth in storage ( if the files are not moved ) .
there is a user interface that is providing the log/history of bluetooth sharing . to view the log you need to activate bluetooth and send any file . after sending a notification appears and by clicking it you can view the logs .
the crack in the glass itself can not cause the kind of problem you are describing , but it is possible that it is not just the glass that is cracked , but the touchscreen sensor . this looks like a thin , transparent plastic film under the glass . if this is damaged , it could be causing a power short or sending bad signals to the rest of the phone hardware , causing it to fail during startup . in short , from what you have described there is no way to know for sure whether replacing the touchscreen will fix the problem . an experienced phone technician might be able to examine the electrical signals and determine if the touchscreen is still working , but that is probably harder and more expensive than simply replacing it to see if it fixes it . that said , taking the phone apart to replace the screen might make it obvious by letting you see any physical damage to other internal components .
after some experimentation : the evo on sprint can playback youtube over wifi . the problem is likely some domain being blocked by the hosting wifi network which is necessary for the youtube app .
that must be a carrier restriction , as i am able to playback videos on my moto droid v1 on verizon form the youtube app regardless of which network i am connected to .
i figured out you can not have your screen lock security as a pattern . it can only be swiped to change the clock .
you can customize these clock and date styles only if the screen lock is Swipe . even you can choose between Analog and Digital clocks and much more . if screen lock option is Pattern/Password , this clock/date styles can not be changed .
i believe you want to go to Settings | Security | Device administrators and remove the appropriate entry .
just reboot your phone , possibly several times .
go to the settings , click on ' contacts ' , and disable ' show all contacts ' .
in settings > contacts > show all contacts should be disabled which was the case for me but still had same problem . so i enabled " show all contacts " and exited whatsapp . launched whatsapp again and disabled ' show all contacts ' and got the names back again instead of just phone numbers . hope my experience helps .
i just solved this issue , after a lot of search the normal picasa page takes you to google + and it does not show the empty folders etc . you have to use picasa mobile https://picasaweb.google.com/m login , and you can delete whatever you want
there is a tool in the play store that can manage picasa contents : perfect tool for picasa . and i could delete the extra directories using it .
turning the device off when you leave your car is possible : there are various apps , for example tasker , that can react to events on your phone , for example when the external power supply is switched off . also , there exists a command reboot -p that shuts the device down . ( but it needs root i think . ) tasker is able to run such a shell command , see here ( just ctrl+f for " run" ) . with this solution , whenever you switch off your car , the external power supply for the device will stop and your phone will power off . i do not know if there is a way to boot the phone with a command via usb if it is really switched off . if this is important for you , the best option is probably to just leave it on standby , as tomg suggested .
the " power " button on android tablets does not behave like that on a computer . it is really a control for whether the display is on or off , not the tablet , which is generally always on . you may be able to get what you want by setting the " stay awake while power is connected " setting under developer options , and setting the screen timeout to a short value under display settings ; if you connect the charging cable to a power source that goes on and off with the ignition , you should be good to go . if the standby time of your tablet is not enough to handle your typical time with the ignition off , you may want to use an app like tasker or locale to set additional rules , like turning wifi or cell connection off when the car 's power is off . if there is data you want to sync overnight , you could turn wifi on ( for example ) an hour before you leave for work . you may also want to disable the screen lock to minimize distractions while driving , but keep in mind the implication if you have any personal information on the tablet .
the emulator is a program on your computer like any other . the program can connect to the internet in just the same way firefox can . in particular , this means it makes no difference what kind of connection the host is using . from inside the emulator , there is a ' fake ' network driver . it appears to android like a mobile internet connection , but instead of communicating with a cellular modem , it is actually using the usual network api of your host os to send and receive data , just like firefox . it also does emulator-specific things like simulating packet loss .
when i connect my samsung spica to my gentoo laptop , i get this in dmesg: after enabling usb mass storage in the phone ( the phone should prompt you on the notification bar ) , i get this messages : at any rate , these messages pointed me out which device file i should mount to mount the phone , in my case the device file is sdb , i simply create the /mnt/spica/ directory and do mount /dev/sdb/ /mnt/spica/ . note though , if you used gnome and the gnome 's auto mount is set up correctly ( i.e. . it should just work out of the box , unless you disable it ) , then this all should be automatic . when i am on gnome environment , gnome will usually prompt me to mount the phone on /media/ and the phone should show up on Computer like any regular usb stick . the phone is charging while connected to linux , so i know there is some handshake between the host and the device . the phone can charge on any powered usb port , it does not need to do any handshake for charging .
if the account is the one you used to set up the phone , then you probably will have to do a factory reset to remove it . there is a similar question related to this here , and there is a question regarding how to backup your phone here . if it is not the one you used when setting up the phone , then you can try going into Settings-&gt;Accounts and Sync and tapping on the account . there will be a Remove Account button on the bottom of the screen that you can use to try to delete the account from your device . that being said , you might not really need to do a factory reset if you are just trying to avoid the data charges that you are incurring from your gmail account . instead , try going into Settings-&gt;Accounts and Sync and unchecking the options Enable Background Data and Auto-sync . if you want to be absolutely sure that you are not using up data when you do not want to , then you could also go into Settings-&gt;Wireless and Networks-&gt;Mobile Networks ( or somewhere similar if your settings are not exactly the same ) and uncheck the option for mobile data . you would then simply need to turn it back on anytime you want to access the internet .
in addition to what eldarerathis said , you can go into Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync and just turn off syncing for your gmail account . i would suspect , however , that other apps are using data since gmail should not be using anything after you closed the account . in that case you should turn off sync as eldarerathis said or perhaps uninstall the troublesome apps . an app like my data manager can help you figure out who the culprits are .
as far as backing up your phone 's data , titanium backup is definitely the best solution i have found for carrying data between phone resets . requires root , like most backup apps .
ok , so it turns out that you need a different boot . img file for the motorola xoom wifi only model than for the 3g model . click here for instructions if you have a 3g model click here for instructions if you have the wifi only model ( including how to fix it if you have already tried using the wrong boot . img and you are being stared at by a non-responsive boot screen that has the moto logo and the words ' dual core technology' )
there is no official way to install a " pure android " rom : the only official rom is that provided by the manufacturer . as sameer says in the comments , you can disable bloatware apps from the settings , with almost the same effect as uninstalling them . if you want to start from a clean slate , you should look for an aosp-based custom ( unofficial ) rom . although they are not always as reliable as the manufacturer 's rom , because they are made by third-party volunteers , for the more popular devices with better manufacturer support they can be very reliable and even better tuned than the original rom . start your search at where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ?
root access or superuser is an apk that resides in /system/app . if you remove it with the rest of the apps , you lose root . as a possible workaround , you can try to run : &gt; adb root &gt; adb shell  and see if the shell that adb opens is $ ( normal user ) or # ( root ) . if you are logged as a normal user , i am afraid you will need to reinstall root in your phone . also , /system/app is like C:\Windows or /bin ( in linux ) , if you remove the files there , do not expect the device to run , as it will not have the necessary files to do so .
this answer was suggested as an edit by an anonymous user , but should stand on its own . first you have to locate the droidvncserver executable file on your device . on a nexus s it is in this directory : /data/data/org.onaips.vnc/files  then you have to set the execution right on the executable file ( it is a unix subutility ) from pc using adb . exe . in a command line window ( from the appropriate android sdk folder ) you can type : adb.exe shell chmod 766 /data/data/org.onaips.vnc/files/androidvncserver  ( this has to be to done only once , for further detail on chmod command type man chmod in google ) then you will be able to launch vnc server directly from your pc using adb . exe : adb.exe shell /data/data/org.onaips.vnc/files/androidvncserver  additionnaly to connect your vncviewer using the usb cable type in another command line window : adb.exe forward tcp:5901 tcp:5901 
use adb shell am start -a android.intent.action.Main -n org.onaips.vnc/.MainActivity outside the shell , and the vnc server will start .
adb shell cd /data/data/org.onaips.vnc/files chmod 766 androidvncserver androidvncserver 
i did not have my android with me right now to test , but with the android terminal emulator if you go to the menu , you might be able to use the " command line " or " initial command " option .
when adb shell is executed , the android side also launches adb which then executes /system/bin/sh - . this path is hard-coded in system/core/adb/services.c: if you want to change this to bash , you will have to recompile it . it is possible to execute some commands from file when running the interactive shell . as written in system/core/sh/main.c , sh - ( note the - for interactive mode ) reads from the following files ( in this order ) : /etc/profile .profile ( relative to current directory , this is /.profile for adb shell $ENV ( environment variable ENV should point to a file ) as /etc/ and / are read-only , the only way to get something loaded was by setting ENV . you can probably create a symlink from /etc/profile to /data/profile by mounting / read-write ( exercise for the reader ) .
lookout free security anti-virus , anti-malware , anti-spyware backup contacts backup restore data to existing phone missing device find phone ( locate and scream ) support standard support paid ( $2.99/month or $29.99/year ) security block phishing and malicious websites protect your privacy with privacy advisor backup photo , call history backup transfer data to new phone missing device remote wipe remote lock support premium support avg free security scan whole device and identify and remove viruses with a simple click automatic scans can be run weekly , daily , or on demand check apps for malware before downloading from app stores check web content , emails , and sms for malware before downloading to device theft protection locate lost or stolen device using gps create and display onscreen message remotely lock device and wipe content manage applications remotely sms spam protection basic protection from sms spammers paid ( $9.99 one time charge ? ? ? ) premium sms security all text messages checked for malicious content and spam in real time text message spam blocked at source vip support anti-virus pro customers receive premium level support whenever they need it no disruption anti-virus pro is free of advertising and other disruptions
Unknown Sources simply means applications that are not downloaded from the google play store . even if you put your applications on amazon app store or other alternative stores , your users will have to enable Unknown Sources . you can not change this behaviour , except maybe by modifying android 's sources , but i am sure you do not want to .
solved ! found the solution in lenovo 's forum , a1 and a1107 unbrick fix/full factory restore : there have been several instances of people having problems with a1 and a1107 devices . this guide explains how to fix any software issue , including those that " brick " the device , or stop it booting up at all , by restoring the tablet to a completely stock factory state . it can also be used to safely upgrade a gingerbread a1 to ice cream sandwich , by using the a1107 image that corresponds to the storage space that your device has .
is there no way he can access the whatsapp group maybe over wi-fi , and then promoting you to the group administrator ?
your friend need to change the whatsapp number first . whatsapp -> settings-> account-> change number . . . and follow instructions . next step add the one who needs to be the admin to the group ( here you ) ( skip this as you are already in the group ) . remove all others except you and the present admin ( your friend ) from the group . now your friend ( present admin ) needs to ' delete and exit ' the group . now the one who is left will become admin . add all your friends back to group . voila :- ) source
i spent a long time trying to umts manager and xda forum script , but i realized that when the app was active , the script runs fine ( the ping give a good request ) , then i thought the script needed more time to connect so i make a little modifications to the file " system/etc/ppp/peers/conf-chat " replacing all the " timeout 3" by " timeout 0" . then in the gscript mod app i change in the inet-on script the sleeps in the for statement ( that was setting in 3 ) for sleep by 5 . when i make these little modifications the tablet connects and surf in the internet like a charm ! please , sorry for my english and for answer my own question in this way but i think could be another guy with the same problem .
looks to be bad recognition by google 's code . :-/ happens on mine as well and no setting can change it . google is surprisingly receptive to feedback on its apps ( a bug fix i reported made it into google music 's update ! ) , so two ways to get this fixed : go to keep 's page and click " email developer " and write this up . or , within keep , menu -> send feedback .
there might be a possibility that you just disabled google play settings . to check just go into settings> apps> all and search for play settings . if it exists click on it and enable it : ) !
follow the instructions on this website to reinstall google play on your phone . http://www.androidauthority.com/install-google-play-store-312812/
i think we can achieve this thing using sockets . we need to send a command from device to pc using socket . but on pc side we must have another socket which can manipulate the incomming command from device . then we can execute exe batch or jar file on the basis of incomming string . like that suppose we send a command from device to pc " java -jar " c:\deviceexecute . jar " on pc side we get this command through socket as a string ( executejar ) and then run this if ( executejar ! =null || executejar ! ="" ) { runtime runtime = runtime . getruntime ( ) ; process proc = runtime . exec ( executejar ) ; }
one option would be to install and set up ssh on the target pc . http://sshwindows.sourceforge.net/ you can then use any of the many ssh android clients to connect to the target pc and you will have command line access .
you probably need to root it to gain access to the protected "/system " file system . xda developer 's has a ( probably ) outdated thread how to do it here . after you suceeded , you can take the usual steps to mod it ( remount /system read-write , copy your edited file over , etc . )
the google usb drivers that come with the android sdk will work for that device . your best bet is to install a version of cyanogenmod 5 or 6 . x . but keep in mind , that device is a dinosaur . it does not run android 2 . x well at all , especially compared to the specs of current devices . i had cyanogemmod 6 on my adp1 ( htc dream/g1 ) and , while it worked , it was extremely slow . also , the cyanogenmod team no longer even officially supports that device . the " old " cyanogenmod thread on xda is here . i am not sure if it still has download links or not .
do you need to do if from your phone ? because if not , you can just use the gmail desktop interface to do this , i do this quite often and it is fairly easy : go to your contacts ( click Gmail in the upper left corner ) select the contacts you want to export put them in a new group you can call Tmp or something random then click on that group and find the Export menu item in one of the menus ( i think More actions ) export to google csv if the receiver will import them through gmail as well , otherwise you can consider vcard format . the file will download automatically . compose a new mail and put the newly created file as attachment . ( if you used google csv , the contacts can be imported using the same contacts interface just by clicking Import in one of the menus )
open your sms app compose a new message add text and then choose to add contact add your contacts here is a message area copy the text message
you can read from the whatsapp faq : what does " last seen at . . . " and " online " mean exactly ? " online " means that contact has whatsapp open and is connected to the internet . however , it does not necessarily mean they have read your chat . that clearly stats that a contact with " online " status just needs to have the app opened within an active internet connection .
enable airplane mode . wifi will work in this state .
i have read somewhere that a few crappy carriers prevent this . if it still does not work , i would recommend you to install another launcher , where you can customise more .
please check this news . i think that you will be able to edit your home dock after updating your phone . http://www.phonearena.com/news/happy-days-in-australia-touchwiz-dock-can-finally-be-customized_id57116
the way it works on my sgs2 android 4.0 is click on applications , click menu button , select " edit " now the screen shows several app icons you can change , but at the bottom are also the home buttons . all home buttons except for the most right one ( "start page " or " home page" ) can be dragged and dropped , and you can move other app icons to the row with the home buttons . note that this only works if at step 1 you are in grid view , otherwise change to grid view in the menu first . if this does not work , there may be some additional carrier software that prevents it .
first of all , if you are not 100% sure which system apps you can uninstall , it is better to freeze them first ( which is supported by e.g. titanium backup and other apps ) . so if something starts behaving weird , you can simply unfreeze those apps again . as you probably have not just frozen the resp . apps , let 's move to the second option : you hopefully made a nandroid backup before starting to tamper with the system ? in that case , you can restore this backup via clockworkmod . or if you at least backed-up those apps you uninstalled ( e . g . with aforementioned titanium backup ) , you can use this to restore them again . if this is no option neither , all what remains is to check for a fresh firmware image to flash -- either stock or custom rom .
the pro version of titanium backup supports batch restore without user interaction . it is worth it .
cm 's profiles may work for you . i use it for circumventing the mandatory lockscreen if a certificate is installed ( cacert 's regular ssl root ca here ) . to set it up tap disabled in : settings-> profiles-> default-> lockscreen for others : this only works with the alternative cyanogenmod aftermarket firmware .
does a malicious android webview break the doublesubmittcookie countermeasure against csrf ? short answer : no . long answer : csrf exploits the trust that a site has in a user 's browser . csrf protection is not intended to protect the server from a malicious user agent or from an untrustworthy user . the user is responsible for choosing a trustworthy browser .
as i have mentioned in the comments already ( and which harbichidian thankfully approved ) , this can be done using tasker : condition : state → docked task : ( put something here you want to be done when placing the device in dock , or substitute some dummy like " variable set : %dummy = 1" ) exit task : media control → pause there might be several other approaches to this . i still hold tasker being at least one of the better solutions ( if not even the best ) is you can do so much more with it . just check the questions tagged " tasker " , or follow the links in our tasker tag-wiki to get an idea .
you can use tpacketcapture to route your traffic through a local vpn . the app will then write a log which you can open with wireshark on your desktop and analyze data flow . it will not allow you to see which app sent which packet , but this is as good as it gets without root . although there is a pro version available which allows you to filter out applications .
i do not believe there is a way to do this with stock keyboard . try a 3rd-party keyboard app that supports language packs and transliteration for hardware keyboards . i have personally used anysoftkeyboard with a plugin for my native language , which worked great on my old g1 's slide-out keyboard . try to see if a layout pack for your language is available .
in root toolkit use the bricked option , selecting soft-bricked , should flash stock , however make sure you select the right version of your phone in options ( in nrt ) before you start .
my answer is using the app sd iii is all for the good a great application to uninstall and reinstall applications to your phones hardware it clearly cleans up the internal storage by moving vice internal storage to the phones modem and then cleaning every single application and downloadable file you then set your data to transfer to the mobile phones external hardware it really does work and does not lose any phone data it is as simple as that and i mean simple .
if you are changing rom ( i.e. . from aokp to cm10 ) you should always do a factory wipe , data on the sdcard will still be i am amazed it booted if you did not do a factory wipe before flashing a different rom
by default , items in folders are organized by the order they are added . if the absolute order is not important to you , but rather just having more used apps at the top , you can pull the less used apps out and then re-add them to the folder , which will place them at the bottom .
using nothing but your android options will not do the job straight forward , you need to install an app to do your folders , there are two applications ( amongst others of course ) ; one called app mate , or appmanager-organize your apps , both are available at the market , and both will require sometime at first to cache your apps and stuff . i am caching my handset right now , and will get back to here with what is what . [ update ] app mate is no use for you , on the other hand appmanager is way much better , it can even sort your folder applications according to frequency of use but unfortunately the folders it creates on your home-screen is cropped in a strange way , i guess that will be easy for the developer to fix .
if you are rooted , simply remove gmail app using titanium backup ( free ) . or , better . . freeze gmail app using pro version of titanium backup . this way , you can always get back gmail easily in case you have changed your mind in future .
if you have root , you can delete the account database ( /data/system/accounts . db ) which will delete all accounts managed by system including google accounts and those ones registered by a third-party app ( facebook , twitter , skype , etc . ) . however , this method may cause the system to behave incorrectly sometimes . you also have to note you can not use stuff like the market without a google account .
to remove the account , i believe you can hit ' remove account ' at the bottom after selecting the account to act upon in accounts/sync settings . de-selecting gmail just means that it does not get auto-synchronized but is still affected by a ' sync all ' operation .
go to Settings &gt; Accounts . click on your gmail account for sync on / off . it will take you to the sync settings in emulator . then , click account settings , it wil show your mail again . now , click on your gmail account . it shows all your account details . on dragging down , you will see remove your account button . click it ; you will be safe now .
access " system settings " by touching soft key lower left on phone ( 3 horizontal lines ) . under Accounts , touch " google " this will bring up your google/gmail accounts . click the account you wish to delete . touch the soft key again ( 3 horizontal lines ) this will open a window with two choices , click " remove account "
go to settings-> accounts and sync and touch your gmail account . it will show you options of what you can sync ( books , calendar , contacts , gmail , music ) . touch the gmail one and it will not sync your gmail account with that device .
in samsung galaxy ace plus settings -> call -> set reject messages
you can edit them by going to : Dialer (Phone app) -&gt; Settings -&gt; Quick Responses  i have tested it on android 4.0.4 cyanogenmod 9 .
the free app call control works pretty good . you can have a number blocked and set up so it picks it up and hangs up . it does not let them leave a message and your phone do not ring . however if you go where you do not have service it will still send it to voicemail , but works great otherwise .
after frustrating research i found the solution . the guy who flashed my phone from us cellular to clear talk messed up . soulution open dialer enter *#22745927 when enable/disable menu comes up tap " hidden menu disabled " select " enable " on popup press home button open dialer dial **87284 when phoneutil opens select pda tap qualacomm usb setting select dm+modem+adb tap ok ( remember after flashing to return and put phone back to mtp+adb ) all props go to this page http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2270191 there is other devices listed there as well .
go to settings > wireless > wifi settings . press menu > advanced . ensure the wifi sleep policy is set to never . this will make sure that your wifi remains always connected . this may however result in a marginal increase in battery consumption .
to unlock the boot loader you need to have the adt with all the packages installed and configured . later once the configuration is done properly then you can connect your device and enable usb debugging under the options . download modaco’s superboot files and save them to your computer . once downloaded , extract it by right clicking and extract all . on your phone , click on settings > developer options > turn usb debugging on . plug the device in to your computer via usb cable . open the superboot folder that we just extracted ( until you see the folder with fastboot-windows inside it ) , then hold the shift key down on your computer and right click any blank area . now , select open command window here . in the command prompt , type the following with hitting enter at the end of each line . adb-windows reboot bootloader ( and wait for the device to reboot ) fastboot-windows oem unlock *if it gets stuck at waiting for device here , download and install pdanet on your computer , once installed , unplug then plug the device back in and see if that fixes it . once it runs the device should display a screen asking you if you are sure . click yes using the volume buttons . the device will go back to the bootloader screen but say unlocked at the bottom .
i am having the same issue and have yet to find an answer . have you been able to identify the problem ? i even tried to delete the hotmail account , with the intention of reinstalling it . however , i was given an error code and upon further digging , i was informed that i needed to reset the phone to factory defaults to get rid of the hotmail account !
at first i assumed you were using gmail but then you talk about signing into virgin media to view email so i am a little lost as to what you are trying to do . can you provide a little more detail ?
i was a having the same problem , look next to the charging port ( that would be to your right ) there a tiny hole clean it out it is blocked . i used a sewing needle to clean it out . after that people on the other side could hear me again . that hole used for talking .
i use b-card . us to import my contacts . it support ios as well . only register , insert data and scan barcode . you do not need to install an app and its free .
to import a vcf : copy the vcf to your phone , then contacts > import/export to view hidden contacts : contacts > more > display options , you have the option of displaying " only contacts with phones " and under " choose contacts to display " you can choose to view or hide contacts based on their source . perhaps your contacts are hidden because they are stored in your phone , but you do not check " phone " under " choose contacts to display " disclaimer : i use froyo ( 2.2 ) so the menu name might be different .
i had some problems with built in sync so i looked for a more sophisticated solution . after i tested some apps i choose a android app called contactsync ( the dev provided me a free test license for the app so +1 for free testing ) and the name tells it all . it can sync , import and export contacts on various ways like carddav or ftp or just local . vcf files . works well here and provides some nice features . the dev has a homepage here -> http://ntbab.dyndns.org/apache2-default/seite/contactsync.html
is there something wrong with cyanogenmod ? what you want is the stock version of android samsung put on the phone , there is no revert as it was deleted when you put cyanogen . as you dont seem to have a copy i would go to samsung support site or you will have to trust another source on the net and download it there . this would be another great community resource for your phone http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1156
alongside installing the correct dirvers , i have found that you may need to also do a bit of manual setup so that your computer can recognise the usb device . try this : find the . android folder in your home directory , and replace the adb_usb . ini file with this one . this tells your computer to let adb work with a load of different usb devices . you may need to restart adb via the command line : adb kill-server adb start-server  and now adb should show you your device adb devices 
if your home screen is dying like this , check your debug logs ( if you have adb installed ) . my guess ? you are running out of ram and android is killing the home screen process to get more ram . you might want to stop some services ( or root and remove stupid carrier bloatware ) . cyanogenmod and some other custom android builds will allow you to " lock " the application in ram , but honestly that can cause as many problems as it solves . on my older phones ( htc dream / htc magic ) the culprit at the time was k-9 mail .
the best i found was a factory reset . keyboard works now as expected again . bad part : backed up before with sony pc companion , restore failed . considering that backup / restore takes many hour a bad bad bad joke from sony .
this answer may help if you do not mind sending messages via the Contact app . i was able to go to my Contacts app , hit the Settings button , then go to More -&gt; Display options and check Only contacts with phone . from Contacts you can still search , and you can still access your recent contacts .
if you are creating a new message it might be easier to just go into the contacts/people app , set up your desired filtering there ( as others have already pointed out ) . then instead of going into the messaging/email/gmail app to send your message stay in the contacts/people app , find the person you want to send the message to and just press on the relevant contact detail ( eg phone number or email address ) to send to them . this should give you a much more manageable list .
it may depend on what phone you are using . for the htc evo ( and most likely any other htc phone with sense ) it seems you can not change the the list in " search people " but you can change the list in your " people " app . if this is what you want to do open the " people " app and you will see all your contacts . the open the menu and select " view " - here you can change some of the contacts that will be viewed in your " people " app . i tried changing my contacts list this way and then checked if the " people search " app would also remove the same contacts but it would seem it does not work that way . for example i added and removed twitter contacts but either way they still appeared in the " peaople search " list . hope this helps
from google 's mobile privacy policy : for products and services with voice recognition capabilities , we collect and store a copy of the voice input you make to the product or service and corrections you make to the returned recognition result . to improve processing of your voice input , we may also continuously record in temporary memory a few seconds of ambient background noise . this recording stays only temporarily on the device and is not sent to google . if you choose to personalize voice recognition , we will associate your voice data with your google account .
presuming that you normally only want your wi-fi switched on in certain locations ( e . g . home and work ) , then an app like locale that can change profiles and switch power-hungry components like wi-fi on and off based on your location might do the trick for you ? ( note that this is not a free app )
goto Settings --> Wifi--> ( press menu ) Advanced--> uncheck " Avoid Poor Connections" checkbox . then click on network available . now it will connect ( or else click forget and re-enter your password .
as using swap is a system-wide thing ( even on linux/unix , you need to be root in order to activate/deactivate swap ) , this cannot be done without having root access to your device . if your device is rooted , however , there are several apps available to help you manage swap space . you might want to take a look at e.g. swapper 2 ( for root users ) ( free ) or roehsoft ram-expander ( swap ) ( paid , and not really cheap ) . both seem to have quite good reputation . of course there are several other solutions available as well .
samsung with its quest to be different , enriched the stock browser , with its own brightness control , totally separate from the os . no root there is no workaround , you have to set the brightness independently . even using an app to control the brightness levels , as soon as you launch the stock browser , its own brightness control overwrites the one from the app . root if you have root on your device , you can replace the browser .apk with the stock one from android . you get the same browser , and in theory , without that annoying feature placed by samsung ( have not done this myself ) . alternatives there are alternative solutions for this , like many other users faced with your problem endup using , the usage of another browser that is not the stock one .
get an on-screen keyboard with arrow keys , such as hacker 's keyboard . i use it as a secondary input method , it is not so suitable to all situations but can quickly be switched from the long-press menu .
i have never used it but i remember reading about key ring rewards cards . try that and see what you think . edit : i also tried searching the market for " loyalty cards " and came up with this list of apps . i was going to specifically name some but as i have not tried them i thought it best that i just give you the list . seems there are quite a few that will help you manage your cards
answer : yes , you can have multiple bluetooth devices connected to your phone . app to manage your bluetooth devices additionally , you can use smart bluetooth widget pro by mdr tools , inc . available from google play store to help you manage those devices : this is a must have widget for your android if you have any bluetooth devices . it adds a bluetooth icon to your home screen , and by just clicking on it , it will display you the list of paired devices and you can just click and connect to your bluetooth devices . no need to go to settings screen , turn the bluetooth on , and connect to your devices . when you walk away from your bluetooth device , this widget not just cancels the bluetooth connection , it also turns off the bluetooth to save more from the battery . you can also connect to multiple bluetooth devices at the same time . you can connect to your speaker , and your headset at the same time . there is also a free version smart bluetooth widget free .
i found this discussion at modaco about the issue . it includes cards that people have tried and found to work . the generally consensus seems to be that sandisk 16 gb class 2 cards work . kingston 16 gb class 4 worked for a couple people , but not for another until they tried deleting everything on it via windows xp . i personally would not go lower than a class 4 card , and i am partial to kingston .
your android phone ( if that is what you mean by having two android ) , should have a setting for wireless tethering . open the settings -> wireless option in your android phone and there you will get the option . you will need to provide a name to the network and then try to search for that name in the other phone , as a new wireless network . also , your data provider should have allowed tethering on your phone ; they sometimes block tethering where unlimited data plans or plans with high data usage are provided . also , could you provide some more details on how you went about doing the same , that might help in providing a more useful answer .
as a workaround , try installing wi-fi keep alive . it can do things like keeping a wi-fi lock , pinging the router every ten seconds or just keeping the device awake . remember that some of the options of the app can be detrimental to battery life . ( but if you want wi-fi to be always on , i doubt you care much about battery life . )
go to the main screen--> tap on applications symbol--> go to settings--> then wireless and networks . then now go to the wifi and then move on advanced settings ( shown as a symbol below the screen not on the screen but to will popup after pressing the left button ) ) . you will find easily how to control it during sleep
checkout the wi-fi sleep policy under settings-> wireless and network-> wi-fi settings now press menu-> advanced
i found this somewhere -- and it works for me . here is the solution that worked perfectly with me : the problem lies in the dhcp settings of the adsl router . follow these steps to solve this problem . . . . . . . login to your router and go to dhcp settings ( for belkin its 192.168.2.1 ) and find the item called leasing time . the default values of the leasing time is usually forever -- and there is a bug with android all you have to do is to change the value of the leasing time from forever to any other long value ( depends on the routers options ) . here i changed the value from forever to 2 weeks -- and since then i did not have a single wifi disconnect .
beyondpod supports feed authentication . i use the pro version which costs $7 , but if you choose not to go pro there are only a few limitations . the free lite version should still handle authentication .
problem solved . i deactivated hangouts and now it works fine .
please check the backup tag wiki , which already gives you some " first-aid " advice . take a closer look at the nandroid section , as that is what you will need : first , you will need to install a custom recovery ( see e.g. recovery-mode ) . the most common choice here is clockworkmod , as it is available for most devices . depending on your device , there might be other choices available . for your xperia , there probably is no amon ra recovery ( which is very similar to already mentioned clockworkmod recovery ) , but there might be e.g. twrp . this custom recovery will replace your stock-recovery , and add some useful functionality -- one of the new features being nandroid backups . your device-firmware will remain untouched when you flash the custom recovery . once you have installed the custom recovery , you can boot into it with a special combination of keys . on most devices , you need to hold the vol - and power keys pressed simultaneously on boot , until the recovery menu appears -- but that key combination might differ for your device ( and the custom recovery chosen ) . check the documentation/readme/hints where you downloaded your recovery . bootet into the recovery , there will be a menu item for backup ( it may be labeled " backup " or " nandroid " or " nandroid backup " , but you will unmistakenly identify it ) . here you can create ( or restore ) a nandroid backup , which includes an image for each of your device 's partitions ( i.e. . all that would be touched/changed when flashing another device-firmware ; it will , however , not backup/restore your device 's radio-firmware ) . examples of clockworkmod ( source : xda , laptoppmag ) the screenshots show you the clockworkmod menu of two different versions ( i marked the entry you will need to create/restore backups ) . the first screenshot shows a complete nandroid backup being made , and you can see in the light-gray test all the " backing up " lines , indicating each backed-up partition . having created such a nandroid backup , you can return to this state of your device-firmware anytime . it would also include your apps and data ; so if you do not like the custom rom you have tried , simply boot into your custom recovery , and restore your backup .
solution : clear the app cache . after i cleared the app cache , the " send as " was functioning as it did before the update . does this fall under as a duplicate of : app x is not working correctly . how can i fix it ?
you probably used different google accounts for different apps . switching accounts will show different apps . i guess all you can do is uninstall the apps from one account , change accounts to the one you would like to use and then reinstall them .
go to Contacts &gt; [Sitting Button] &gt; More &gt; Accounts . be sure the following are checked : background data . auto-sync .
Contacts/People &gt; Menu &gt; Contacts to Display &gt; select your gmail account to display .
check your androidmanifest . xml and see if you have below prezented : there is no button for tablets : ) you have to make it available for that type of screen . hope this helps .
titanium should restore the apks as well as the data . but another method is to go into settings> backup/restore ( or similar ) , and there is an option for backing up and restoring data from google play .
follow this video tutorial for the galaxy s4 stock email app , and make sure you activate sync email option . maybe you will have to remove and re-add your email account . also you can try with other email account ( s ) you have , in order to discard an issue of verizon 's own mail servers .
try my app : soundabout . it has a media audio setting called " aux digital " for this purpose .
i have found that the auxiliary jack on my s3 is pretty tight and even when the phone senses i have plugged something into it , i have to press it just a little harder , until i hear a " click " and the plug is flush to the phone ( you should not be able to see any metal from the plug showing ) . once i do that , the sound stops playing through the phone 's speaker .
have you enabled location services ? google now determines the time you may take to get to your appointments from your synced calendars and your current location . i am sure you have synced calendars because google now reports an appointment . location services maybe an issue . if you are using the stock rom for your device , enable location services and sign into latitude to set your current location . setting your location manually may also solve your problem . if you are on a custom rom , you can set the device up to use only the internal gps to report your current location to google now . hope this helps . if you give this a shot , report back with results for others to help you or be helped . p.s. : this may be useful .
sorry no can do . since its stock launcher . try downloading different launcher from the store .
another option is using the perl adbbackuproutines from this xda thread . they have a few requirements , though : perl obviously , plus libterm-readkey-perl , libcrypt-cbc-perl , and libcrypt-pbkdf2-perl ( if your backups are unencrypted , you can skip the last dependency by simply commenting out line 103 of backupdecrypt.pl where it is included -- worked fine for me ) . usage is quite easy : ./backupdecrypt.pl [options] &lt;backupfile.ab&gt; &lt;outfile.tar&gt;  the resulting .tar file then can be investigated like any other tarball . its structure is quite interesting in at least one aspect : it does not reflect the real paths where the files have been taken from ( e . g . not /data/data/com.app.name/databases/whatever.db , but instead apps/com.app.name/db/whatever.db ) -- which indicates an app backed-up on one device/rom might be restored to any other device/rom without trouble , as adb restore must figure out the real paths itself .
or with a one-liner : ( printf "\x1f\x8b\x08\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00" ; tail -c +25 backup.ab ) | tar xfvz - 
one more option is to use bash , cat and gunzip ( gzip ) . the full process could be this ( with an unencrypted backup ) : backup one app 's data ( for example " override dns for kitkat " ) : $ adb backup -f net.mx17.overridedns.ab -noapk net.mx17.overridedns Now unlock your device and confirm the backup operation.  extract the compressed data decompress the compressed data $ printf "\x1f\x8b\x08\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00" \ | cat - compressed-data | gunzip -c &gt; decompressed-data.tar gzip: stdin: unexpected end of file  " untar " the tar file $ tar xf decompressed-data.tar 
just for reference of others , here is some background on the . ab file format . the android backup ( * . ab ) file is a compressed tar file . it is compressed using the deflate algorithm . on top of that , there can be aes encryption used . this is determined when you create the backup , if you enter a password then the backup is encrypted , otherwise ; there is no encryption , it is only compressed . the header of the file is a little different then a normal delfate archive . it contains information about the backup and looks like the following : ANDROID BACKUP 1 1 none  the first line is the " magic " line . the next line is the version of the android backup file format . the next line is a boolean ( true or false , 1 or 0 ) indicating if the file is compressed . the last line is the type of encryption . this example is not using any encryption . if there was a password , the line would read " aes-256" . after that is the encryption cypher . if no password , then the deflate " archive " starts . it is compressed using the java deflater . which , from a developers perspective , causes issues if you want to use anything besides java to extract it . i have not been able to find anything that can deflate it using the same algorithm , even though all that i have found ( for like c# ) are supposed to follow the " spec " . with that said , there is an open source project under the apache 2.0 license , written by nikolay elenkov that will allow you to extract the . ab in to a tar file . usage : java -jar abe.jar unpack &lt;backup.ab&gt; &lt;backup.tar&gt; &lt;password&gt;  if you are not sure how to really use that ( which is beyond the scope of this answer ) the next version of droid explorer v0.8.8.7 ( available here ) will allow you to do exactly this , and more , right from explorer . you can read more about the features on my blog ( yes , i know , shameless plug . i do that when it fits the question )
assisted gps is a system which can improve the startup performance of a gps satellite-based positioning system . wikipedia has your best answer .
as i had commented to @onik 's answer : if this cable does not have a dac ( digital to analogue converter ) , this cable will not work . i also found a search result about a scam related to this kind of cable , which again confirms this . since i am unable to view the video ( restriction at my work ) i am unable to see to comment more on it .
a source link could give us more information , but i see no reason this would not work , since it uses the correct port and that port also supports hdmi , which means that video output is supported .
google has an android compatibility definition document ( cdd ) ( see http://source.android.com/compatibility/overview.html ) that specifies the minimum ( and suggested guidelines ) for what a device must physically support to be allowed to use the android branding ( and to get the google market and google 's android apps ) . the latest ccd in section 7.3 lists the minimum requirements of the sensors . the temperature sensor ( section 7.3.7 ) is actually listed as something that android devices should not include . there are not specs for this sensor 's sensitivity .
the majority of web based email providers have a limit of 10mb for the size of the attachment of every message sent . since an email message will often pass through several mail transfer agents to reach the recipient , some or probably all of them impose size limits due to the storage capabilities they have to deal with . this is due to the fact that every message needs to be stored before getting forward . applications tend to follow this type of ruling . although nowadays users tend to use an email like if it was an ftp , thus " forcing " application developers to suppress such limits but given no guaranties that the message will in fact get to its destination . to resume , you can safely send files up to 10mb between any email providers without the fear of message not being delivered . my advice to you is the usage of free online services that allow you the transfer or backup of large amount of data between locations : no payment and no registration : wetransfer ( ~2gb for each transfer ) no payment , just registration : ( for the free package ) dropbox google drive skydrive yousendit dropsend
you can just press " refresh"-- and it will really give you second-by-second changes so long as the person you are looking at has their gps on . if location is set to " network"- then it only updates when they change towers . this is much more battery-efficient , it seems .
according tho this post , that feature was removed as of version 5.10 of google maps app because it was never properly working .
you just have to long-press the number ( underlined ) .
on the app details page , you can scroll to the bottom of the page . you will find a link under permissions saying " view details " . that will open a popup page that will display all the permission categories with expanded view and list all the permissions the app needs , including the new ones required with " new " tag .
the official firmware runs touchwiz , which is a known resourcehog , in addition to 2 . x having known occasional performance issues with the mediascanner . i recommend flashing the latest stable cyanogenmod release . although you will sacrifice a few features , such as fm radio - which can be restored with specific kernels and apps which use the functionality , it is very much worth the initial time investment in aspects of performance .
had the exact same problem . it went away when i uninstalled the facebook app .
android will not run anything from the app as soon as you install it . an app can only set alarms , register broadcast receivers , etc . after the first time you run it manually , for example by : launching one of its activities from the launcher clicking open in the play store app creating a home screen or lock screen widget provided by this app starting it from another app ( via a share action or the like ) this is not a complete list , but it should be pretty obvious what actions start the app . if you have not started the app , it can not have run yet , unless the author is able to exploit a bug in android that no one else knows about . this is very different to the situation on desktop oses . in windows and most gnu/linux package managers , installing an application consists of running code provided by the app author . in contrast , android is designed to limit what apps can do . android itself installs the package by reading its manifest , which tells android the name of the package and what components it contains . android unpacks the app 's files to its own private directory in internal storage , without running any code provided by the app . if the app wants to do any further setup ( such as performing an anti-piracy check , or getting you to sign into a server ) , it can only do this when you first run the app .
es can read/write to protected folders , you just have to enable it in your settings . open the settings menu ( press the menu button , then select " settings" ) and find the " root settings " item , then enable " root explorer " ( operate with root permission ) and " mount file system " ( allow writing to /system ) . alternatively , many devices/android versions should allow you to simply put the bootanimation . zip file into /data/local instead of /system/media . you will not need a root explorer for this since /data/local is world writable . this does not work on all roms , though . screenshots for the es settings :
what fixed this problem for me was uninstalling skype . skype creates a new group in contacts which for some reason this causes the issue ( it used to work before the upgraded ) .
i would try to backup as much as possible and then factory reset the phone . this gives you a fresh start , so that alone might resolve your problems , or if they still occur after the factory reset you know they are not caused by any data or applications that did not survive the upgrade to well .
you can try to remove apps one by one , as i mentioned earlier . if you want to know if an app does something with your contacts , you can check it on the apps detail view under the permissions .
go into messages ( sms ) . then enter settings ( inside the messages sms app ) . then scroll down to input mode . change it to automatic . this should solve your problem .
the snapshot option allows you to use a feature that is similar to the hibernate function in windows . it saves the contents of the emulator 's memory to disk when you close the emulator , so that when you open it , it does not have to boot the os , but instead it can load the memory contents from the disk and resume from where you left off . this allows you to start the emulator faster . use host gpu means that instead of using the cpu to render the graphics , it uses the computer 's graphics card . this speeds up graphic-intensive processes . details and requirements can be found on developer.android.com. you should note that snapshots and graphics acceleration are mutually exclusive , so you can not use both .
the snapshot option speeds up the boot of the emulator by saving a snapshot of its ram once it has booted , and restoring from that snapshot on future uses . that way , it does not have to run the boot process ( which is slow , because it is emulated ) every time you start the emulator . the use host gpu option uses the host computer 's opengl implementation ( which is probably hardware-accelerated , on your real gpu ) to evaluate opengl commands inside the emulated system . put another way , when a program inside the emulator uses opengl for graphics operations , the work goes out to your real gpu , and the result goes back into the emulator , instead of emulating a gpu ( which is very slow ) . the result is a significant speed-up , especially when you consider that most view and canvas drawing uses opengl in android ≥ 4 , even in non-graphics apps . you can not have both options turned on at once .
all officially supported languages are listed on their changelog : https://github.com/cyanogenmod/android_vendor_cyanogen/blob/gingerbread/changelog.mkdn
cyanogenmod roms are multilingual and you can select the language the first time your phone boots or in System settings--&gt;Language &amp; input--&gt;Language ( ics 4.0.4 ) at any time . i can say it supports all languages in the world from the far east to south america including right to left languages like farsi .
if it was shared to your google account , you should be able to find it in Shared with me:
i had the same problem . after reading kevinf 's answer , i found the solution by checking the general google sync settings . gmail was not checked ! Settings-&gt;Accounts/Google-&gt;YourEmail@gmail.com Last synced MM/DD/YYYY 12:00 PM-&gt;List of Google Sync Settings.  as a side note , the gmail app indicated that sync was turned off . Gmail App-&gt;Menu/Settings-&gt;YourEmail@gmail.com-&gt;DATA USAGE/Gmail sync is OFF 
i had a similar problem , gmail sync would rarely work , for 3g and for wifi . my galaxy s3 runs 4.0.4 stock ics , background sync is enabled , and so is a mobile data limit . wifi is set to sleep on display off . what i did not realize , is in the settings -> data usage -> gmail , i accidentally checked the box " restrict background data " . this correlates to " also , sometimes gmail does get retrieved/notified ; i am not 100% sure but there seems to be a very strong correllation between that and having recently opened gmail app ( especially in foreground ) . " wifi background sync should work , but if you have wifi to sleep when screen off , then you still would fail to get notifications !
the only recommendation i can give is to upgrade your firmware . you could try a newer version of cm9 , as then you do not have to wipe data . if you want a fairly stable newer version , 4.1 works really well , and 4.3 somewhat . go to quarx2k . ru and select the 2nd-boot folder for them .
gps has nothing to do with your mobile network ( or wi-fi where applicable ) . gps basically record the coordinates of the location ( precise location ) and time information . see the gps tag or wikipedia for more info . about you question , the reason that there is no location information for some photos is that the camera did not have time to contact the satellites . it takes some time ( maybe 15secs or so ) to establish a connection with the satellites and locate you . did you suddenly opened the camera , took the photo ? there is no time to establish a satellite connection . ( i am sure you did this to preserve the battery power ) . this is also the reason some photos in a row have their location recorded . another possible reason would be that you might have been in a place where satellites could not locate you . ( indoors , thick forests , etc . ) if you really need the locations to be tagged for your photos , you can do it manually with your stock album app or third party app as well . the reason some apps like maps use data connection or wi-fi is that they need it to download map data ( road names , traffic info , etc . ) so no need to worry about your data , gps or camera . hope this helps
since you are rooted within cm , its a matter of doing the following , provided you have read the following : caveat emptor : the jellybean leaked apks are signed with the signature key used to generate the signed leaked rom of jb , however , it may clash with cm 's own signature key which is , and i will guarantee , different , so may not work at all ! you are on your own from there onwards . ------------------------------------- remounting the /system rewriteable as in adb remount to make it writeable replace the apk 's concerned within /system/app by adb pushing the appropriate apks taken from jb , as in adb push name_of_jb_apk.apk /system/app ( repeat for each apk concerned ) - this will overwrite the apk 's already residing in /system/app remount the /system as read-only as in adb remount reboot , and go into clockworkmod recovery and clear the data/cache , the reason being is to remove the old cached data that was in use by the old apk 's , and thus , minimize the chances of force closes within the relevant apks in question . i will list the actual filenames for the apk 's concerned : sms , the filename is Mms.apk contacts , there is two apks involved , ContactsProvider.apk and Contacts.apk dialler , name is Phone.apk , now , beware , this may have a dependency on TelephonyProvider.apk also . whilst i have mentioned the actual apk 's , i am therefore disclaiming any responsibility for anything that may happen on your handset as a result of replacing system apps .
this is a member of the viber r and d team . viber is not fully compatible with custom roms yet . . :/ however , please try to download from the following link : viber knowledgebase let us know if the issue persists . : )
no . this completely disables all data access . only calls/messages can be used . edit : you might try looking into something called juicedefender . the free version will disable your data access when your screen turns off . good for both battery saving and data-usage saving !
try to enable the app named " media storage " from app-> menu-> manage apps
i tried the rescan media application but did not work . restarted the phone , still did not work . then , i figured it out that the sd card came from an old blackberry and some data was left behind . thus , i formated the sd card with the computer ( fat ) and put it back into the phone . works like a dime ! : )
open up the gallery and on the top-right corner you will find a ' menu ' button . tap that and choose ' show/hide albums ' option . in the new window that appears , check ' select all ' or ' all photos ' and ' all videos ' and tap on ' save ' . if you are still unable to find any pictures or videos in your gallery , follow @t0mm13b 's answer . it will help . note : selecting ' all photos ' will show all pictures on your device . even including the small bitmaps that applications ' in your sd card ' use as resources !
download this app called rescan media and run this application within 2 min issue solved
the only suggestion i can think of is this - download this app called rescan media which simply forces android to perform a re-scan of the sd-card and pull in/update the internal media links to the images on the sd-card itself , so that it will show up in the gallery . by the sound of it , it looks as if ( i am not exactly 100% certain ) that the media scanning is broken on your handset . . . or that the gallery is failing . if the above fails to work , then perhaps a suggestion would be to try get a newer firmware or use an alternative rom such as cyanogenmod/stock vanilla android . . .
you may try this at your own risk . please do a nand back-up first .
that was for y210d . you need to flash it stock again and root it with a y210 insecure boot image . you can get the stock rom here .
the /data/app-private directory is another location of 3rd-party protected apps . system apps that come pre-installed with the rom are stored in a read-only /system/app directory . /data/dalvik-cache contains optimized bytecode for each installed app , which allows the system to launch it faster . these ...@classes.dex files get generated at installation/update time , or during the first boot-up for pre-installed apps . also , with android 2.2 google introduced ability to move apps to the sd card . when you do this , a new virtual mount point is created under /dev/block/dm-X ( where " x " is a sequential number starting with 1 ) which points to /mnt/asec/xx.yy-1 . /data/data/ folder contains settings , preferences and cache for all apps , each within its own folder named after the package name . e.g. /data/data/xx.yyy/ .
there is a metric boatload of airplane mode apps on the play store . you might find one there that meets your needs .
on the original kindle fire airplane mode does not seem to exist , but you can turn off wireless using these directions : tap the quick settings ( the gear ) icon in the top right hand corner of the home screen . tap wi-fi . ensure wireless networking switch is in the off position . on the new kindle fire you can enable airplane mode by doing the following : swipe down from the top of the screen and tap wireless . tap on next to airplane mode
depending on how you have networking set up for your emulator , you might need to forward your ssh port from the emulator to a port on the host . your emulator might be set up on a nat/host-only network , so your ssh client can not actually reach the server . to test this , try pinging the emulator 's ip address from the system with your ssh client .
do a restart . that fixed mine when i had the same issue
i had the same problem and could not find the answer anywhere . via the technique , commonly known as ' mucking about with my phone ' , i found that the new actions can be revealed by swiping down on the notification with two fingers . likewise they can be hidden again by swiping upwards with two fingers .
motoblur has a bunch of widget-based applications which bring your social networks and/or emails together for ease of viewing , as well as weather , rss feeds and other simple ui elements/widgets that can come in handy . however , motoblur keeps a process running in the background for each service ( type of widget ) and thus many people ( myself included ) forego it and install a non-motoblur rom to conserve ram , cpu and battery . but if you are an avid user of social networking sites then it is a good choice and worth the battery drain .
my answer focuses a bit more on the sense vs no-sense ( see the bottom part for links about 2.3 vs 2.2 ) . i currently have a sense based rom on my evo and cyanogenmod on my old hero . now there are differences in the devices so that must be taken into account but here is what i have found . on my hero , i had a sense based rom for a long time and liked it ( i kinda prefer sense ) . when i tried aosp roms they tended to be faster and give me better battery-life but from time to time would cause my hero to reboot . when i got tired of this i went back to a sense based rom it was slow but never reboot on me . eventually i got tired of the slowness and went back to cyanogenmod for the hero . the other thing i liked about cyanogenmod was the photos app that would grab photos from picasa 's web albums . i did not like that the sense widgets and sense apps ( like the clock widget and app with all the integrated functionality ) were gone and the keyboard was the stock one ( personally i prefer the htc keyboard ) . now as eldarerathis already mentioned you can find similar replacements for the widgets and apps but in my attempts nothing i found was perfect - you may find that different . on my evo i have only tried a sense rom . i have excellent battery-life , all the sense functionality and with the rom i am using ( fresh 3.5 ) there is an app added that will allow you to add the google apps ( clock , photos , etc . ) or the aosp lock screen . i have the wireless and usb tether that eldarerathis mentioned as well and as he already mentioned the merits of google maps . i can not say that i have tried any rom 's for the desire either sense or aosp but here is a link to the cyanogenmod forum for the desire if you wanted to see what other people are experiencing with that rom . here are some links that explain some differences between 2.3 and 2.2 breaking them down my feature sets : http://www.differencebetween.com/difference-between-android-2-2-froyo-and-android-2-3-gingerbread/ http://www.bizzntech.com/2011/02/20/android-gingerbread-2-3-vs-froyo-2-2
i have to disagree with eldarerathis . i have never used sense , but the number of problems people have with it indicate to me that it is inferior on a reliability level . while vanilla android is not perfect either , i would certainly trust it more .
this is pretty much just a matter of preference , to be honest . i do not think you will really " lose " any functionality on a desire by going to an aosp based rom , either 2.3 or otherwise . you should gain built-in usb and wifi tethering , though , since those are a standard part of android 2.2+ . the real deciding factor will just be if you prefer the sense ui or another launcher ( adw , launcherpro , zeam , etc ) . you will lose any htc widgets since they depend on sense , but there are widgets in the market which actually mimic the style and functionality of the htc ones for just that reason . you also lose htc 's proprietary apps , since they generally use the sense framework in various ways . threads pop up on xda from time to time where people argue over whether sense is better than other launchers but it almost inevitably just amounts to each group saying " i think x better than y because i like the way it looks " .
there are some adapters that will provide yu with a usb port , where you could connect a usb-based network adapter . however , i had no chance with the one i had . i installed an access point in my wired setup , and it worked fine . mine is a d-link dap-1350 .
you can not . the tab does not have an ethernet jack and does not support it anyways . if you do not want to get yourself a wireless router , you can set up a wifi network through a computer with a wifi card . there is a guide on lifehacker on this for windows 7 . the basics : connect your pc to the wired network create an ad-hoc network on the pc ( you will want to encrypt it ) enable ics ( internet connection sharing ) connect the tab to the wifi network broadcast by the pc if you have trouble getting the pc portion to work , you should ask how to get it working on super user since they handle pc stuff like this .
similar to what matthew said i would also suggest a wifi router but use it as a repeater , any cheap wifi router will do just turn off dhcp , use as ap , change the gateway to something other than 192.168 . x . x and probably check the option to use as a lan extension .
you can change it in settings/language and keyboard . to do this , hold down the menu button , and choose settings . in your settings list , you will see language and keyboard . the first option in the language and keyboard section is language .
" parse error " often means a particular application will not run , and therefore , cannot be installed on a particular device . this restriction is often set in apps using the android:minSdkVersion and android:targetSdkVersion tags respectively . if the android firmware version installed on your device does not fall within the supported versions defined by the tags , then you will get the " parse error " message during installation . or , the android package file ( apk ) is corrupted so the application manager cannot verify the checksum in order to proceed with the installation .
summing up all the comments : will google save the locations ? definitely . as soon as you want to use the more battery-friendly “network based location” you have to agree that google collects your location data “to improve its services”: click image for larger variant so “location history” and ”location report” are meaningless in this context . as it was adressed : whilest theoretically you should be able to delete all collected data associated with your account , first google claims here it is “anonymous” ( so not connected to your account ) – and second , noone except google can tell if “deleting” really means the data was “destroyed” . different reports rather suggest otherwise , as e.g. a german tech magazin found out : they decided to delete all backups from google servers . weeks later , they wanted to test a new device , and configured it with the very same account . miraculously , that device immediately connected to their wifi . how can that be , with the backups deleted ? ( find the full article here , in german ) . will you miss anything when switching to gps only ? depends on your “usage profile” . when no satellites are in sight , you would be unable to find your location . that could be e.g. with heavy clouds , or inside buildings – where otherwise a “coarse location” based on wifi aps and mobile cell ids would be possible . but there are ways to get that functionality back without google : the opencellid project is aimed to provide the data , and there are several connected apps – including alternative open source network location providers . but to use those , your device must be rooted , as these services must be installed as system apps . you can find out more in my android without google series . should you use alternative maps ? that is pretty much opinion-based . i do so , but not solely for the reasons you mentioned . there are alternatives ( part 2 of the just mentioned series names some ) . furthermore , let me quote dan here : the answer to " is x secure ? " is always " secure against what ? " what are you worried about ? it is secure in the sense that it will not let people run malware on your phone , but that is probably not what you are thinking of . imho you cannot avoid completely that some services collect data on you . you can minimize it , you can make it harder for them – and you definitely should not offer your data on a silver tablet . it is always balancing privacy and convenience . so how much privacy you can gain , depends on how much convenience you are willing to give up . more hints not only if you are absolutely paranoid ( correct : today that is called “informed” ) , a custom-rom can offer you advantages . as those usually ship without all the pre-installed bloat , your battery will last much longer ( on my “android device without google” , 3 times longer : 4,5 days , and still 20% left ) . in this context , i have to mention replicant – which is aimed at absolute open-source . unfortunately , only few devices are supported .
k-9 mail supports exchange 2003/2007 via webdav . no support for exchange 2010 , unfortunately , since microsoft removed webdav support in the newest version . see the official wiki page for configuration instructions .
i did not get any definitive answer what is wrong from the service centre . they tried flashing some special rom they had , but same result . they closed the issue with the conclusion it is a hw problem in the phone .
this is an official solution i found after weeks of testing and research . in the end , the driver is not loaded properly or by default , custom rom created the havoc . i noticed that when running adb gui , there is this file missing from /system/data/misc/wifi called WCNSS_qcom_cfg.ini . i am using adb helper version 4.2.0.0 , under build . prop viewer tab , choose wlan.driver.config it points to that location . i downloaded it from somewhere on the xperia developer forum website . then i modified and modified until i found the solution . in this file i modified the line gDotMode=3 ( which is running in n mode only ) to either 1 or 2 which s " a " or " b " mode . i rebooted the device and the wifi works and n mode is disabled meaning you wont be able to connect in 5ghz mode anymore . but you will be able to connect to all the current 2.4ghz ap . i read somewhere where ics android allows you to enable or disable 5ghz scanning of ap . but was removed from later versions . now , my phone can connect to any 2.4ghz wifi .
if you are asking whether installing cyanogenmod will void your warranty , the answer is yes . flashing a rom has much greater potential for harming your device than the average rooting method . it is not necessary to root in order to install cm in some cases , but usually it is , and cm itself comes pre-rooted . if you want to find out more about cm you should go to their website .
for 99% of devices , you have to have a custom recovery image installed on the device in order to install cyanogenmod . and usually , to do that you have to have the device rooted . so you have to have a rooted device before you can install cyanogenmod . cyanogenmod comes rooted and yes , it is an android release . rooting a device , while it will void your warranty , is not really that " bad " . think of it like having access to the administrator account on your pc as opposed to a " limited user " account . you also have to keep in mind that cyanogenmod does not work on all android devices . you can only install it on devices that are supported .
here is the what cyanogen mod is : cyanogenmod is a custom rom made by developers ( or you may say freelancers ) and it is an opensource gpl licensed software . actually cyanogenmod is modified version of actual android software released by google . developers at cyanogenmod make software specific to various devices . and if you want to install cyanogenmod you will have to root your phone and flash it with cyanogenmod . this will surely void your warranty . cyanogenmod is like installing a clean new android software and it is quite fast than stock one , as it does not contain any useless apps pre installed and also it is capable of using phone 's processor to its full level which is often limited in stock rom 's . i am using it on my motorola defy and it works fine , though there are some bugs but its okay . note : installing cyanogenmod without following correct procedure may brick your phone ( i.e. . make it permanently unusable ) . i would recommend you to read their wiki for more info .
the dalvik cache is the set of saved . dex files . a . dex file is basically a compiled bytecode version of an app that has been built for the dalvik virtual machine on which android 's apps run . it is similar to the java virtual machine and having saved . class files .
if your tv does not support dlna and you have some other dlna capable device , like an xbox360 , ps3 , or dlna capable blu-ray player , you can use that as a bridge between your tv and the phone . just set your phone to use wi-fi and run whatever app comes w/ the phone ( or download some other app on the market ) to stream via dlna . your dlna capable device should detect the media server from your phone . once that happens , you should be able to stream from your phone to the capable device , which would then display to your tv . check out these posts on droid forum for more specific info .
the thunderbolt has dlna , so if your tv supports dlna you can use that . on my samsung phone , you use the allshare app for dlna , but i think the thunderbolt has another app built in . page 275 of the user manual describes how to use dlna . this droidforums thread has a discussion of ways to use dlna without a compliant tv , i am not sure how well other ways will work . there is also a " multimedia dock " that is supposed to be released shortly , it is " out of stock " until then . that should provide a cable-based way of video output .
use your phone to call a friend with caller id ( usually any mobile phone nowadays ) . take note of the incoming caller 's number . that is your number .
maybe you searched the wrong way because i get a lot of results : that ' s the link to theunlocker , that worked for a friend of mine . superoneclick should work on all androids , you could get it here . do not worry if your rooting fails : generally there are no collateral effects more results here
try this : cat /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db &gt; /sdcard/mysms.db  which copies the sms database across to the sdcard . for the telephone database , cat /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/telephony.db &gt; /sdcard/mytelephony.db  its a very old trick , to pull in the databases without root . it is not guaranteed to work across all roms depending on how the directory permissions are set .
you will be unable to do this without a rooted device , as the /data directory can only be read by the android system , and apps can also read their own /data/data/&lt;package name&gt; directory only . android devices do not come with sudo , and you need to be rooted to use su as it switches to the root shell ( on unrooted rom 's , su can not switch to the root user , as the kernel denies it ) . if you do find a way to root the device , ( which may be difficult ) , you can mount the /data partition as rw , then you can copy files from it . use these command to remount the /data patition : su mount -o remount,rw /data the su command can only be executed on a rooted device . edit : just for clarification , the sms backup and restore app uses an api call to get the sms messages via the messaging app , hence the need for the READ_SMS permission . edit2: most rooting methods do not wipe the device data , however some do . you would have to google for a way to root your droid 2 however , and see if it wipes the data .
it requires bluetooth 4.0 le , which is only in a few devices right now ( but that number will grow ) . if your device does not support bluetooth 4.0 le , you are out of luck . period . buy a new phone if you want to use a galaxy gear . updated friday , november 15th , 2013 another xda user has posted a very detailed and interesting walkthrough of the steps taken to get it to pair with his nexus 5 . it requires access to a samsung phone compatible with the gear , but it seems like a much better solution than the one above . not all of the steps he is taking seem necessary . here 's my version of the hack : connect your gear to a compatible samsung phone . pull the file /data/data/com.samsung.android.app.watchmanager/shared_prefs from the samsung phone and hold onto it for now . enable adb on the gear . using adb , modify the following file on the gear : /data/misc/bluedroid/bt_config.xml . find the lines where you should insert your phone 's data , replacing the samsung phone data . here 's an example with a nexus 5: &lt;N1 Tag="your n5 bt mac address"&gt; &lt;N1 Tag="Name" Type="string"&gt;Nexus 5&lt;/N1&gt;  reboot the gear . pair the gear with your non-compatible phone over bluetooth normally . sideload the gear manager application onto your phone . remember when we pulled that file from the samsung phone in step 2 ? push that file to the same directory on your phone . run gear manager . you are done ! the previous method is still listed below . a thread on xda developers ( many thanks to oleg , who posted this in his answer and deserves upvotes ) has interesting news ! the software needed has been identified , and the apk 's have been extracted . according to one user ( our hero , oleg ) , following the steps on the thread and using the files provided there allows you to pair the watch and unlock it with a nexus 4 . a basic description of the processis follows . . . install all the samsung apk 's from this upload , provided by xda user blazespinnaker . install com . sec . android . fotaprovider from the same upload . ( maybe not necessary ? ) run gear manager . if you have errors , close it and run it again ( ? ) . pair manually with your galaxy gear . note that this is still not a perfect solution . some features may not be working . however , you should apparently be able to unlock and enable adb ! i will update this answer as more information becomes known . but for the rest of your question ( about adb ) . this article indicates that you can enable adb mode on the galaxy gear itself , which is actually kind of exciting . the steps are simple . the article also has a helpful video ! swipe to " settings " scroll all the way down to " gear info " enable " usb debug " if you are on windows , you will doubtlessly need the samsung usb drivers . but other than that , you should be pretty much set !
thanks to this thread on xda developers , i have just paired my galaxy gear with the nexus 4 and was able to turn on the usb debugging . hope it helps .
i have gear and note 2 . i rooted my phone and watch : everything went ok . finally got internet on the gear bluetooth tether to my phone . got new kitkat on the note 2 . i installed null rom onto the gear . the gear with it original stock os rom sucks , its pure garbage . but with custom rom its a lot better . beware : rooting the gear you can mess it up .
if your real purpose is to improve battery life , you just can freeze them ( $6 dollars spent very well for titanium backup ) . if you do not want to spend money , i think you can use root uninstaller free , that includes " disable " option in the free version : all you have to do is to open it and disable the ones you do not want . it also includes backup and unistall options if you do not trust . ( backups to sdcard/rootuninstaller i think ) you just have to pay attenction to the ones you remove , bacause no official list is findable : just do not uninstall or freeze the app if its name does not convince you like opp , html visualizer , package installer , sim toolkit , . . . and so on . just do a complete backup of your device and , in the worst case , reset your phone . everything there requires root access
just download adobe reader from google play store to get the correct version . if you want to copy over pdf files . just create your own directory under g:\download and copy to the mapped drive on your pc . make sure you turn on allow to be used as a usb drive .
if you have the android development kit ( see bottom ) then there is a super easy way to install an application from a file . all you need to do is start up a terminal and type : adb install -r &lt;your.apk&gt;  the -r function will replace an existing application with the same name . no fumbling around with sd cards and no searching your phone for transfered files . if you are an avid android user then i recommend getting the adk . how to install just adk binaries
you can download es file manager from google play store . here is the link
i do not think there is much you can do beyond trying other wifi tether apps . you could also try using cyanogenmod ( for the gsm version of the hero , or the cdma version ) .
this behavior is typical of some sort of internal error , you could try restating your bluetooth service . if this does not work a quick reboot is likely to solve your problem .
you might want to try modifying the android sdk driver 's . inf file to allow the drivers to be used for your device . i have instructions in another answer here .
thanks for all answers , but my case was a very unusual case . i tried everything but it did not work . i reinstalled windows . it works now .
whenever i have problems with installing an android device 's drivers , i install pdanet . pdanet is a desktop tethering app , but that is not why i install it . pdanet comes bundled with phone drivers for all of the major phone manufacturers . once you have installed the drivers , you can then uninstall pdanet ( and it will keep the drivers ) .
if you are using connectbot : according to an article at xda-developers , this is nothing but a cosmetical error : connectbot seems to set shell variable ' ps1' to "$ ( precmd ) $user@$hostname:${pwd:- ? } $ " . it means your shell ( the busybox 's ash applet ) will try to use output from ' precmd ' as a part of a command prompt . so when ' precmd ' was not provided , error messages will be generated wenever a prompt was to be shown . to fix this , mentioned post says you can use PS1="&gt; " ( or simply unset PS1 ) to work around that error .
try this :- adb remount adb push busybox /system/xbin enter adb shell and issue below commands cd /system/xbin chmod 777 busybox busybox --install -s /system/xbin
i have figured this out and it is actually pretty easy : make sure one of the home screens is blank by removing all apps and widgets . then , pinch to zoom on the screen . this will bring up a collage of all the home screens . drag and drop the screen you would like into the ' remove ' trash bin . voila .
are you sure you have the google-experience launcher ? the one that comeswith the nexus 5 and has integrated google now on the leftmost screen ? it does not come with the nexus 7 update , it is nexus 5 exclusive . you can sideload it , but since you mention " five homescreens " you do not have it . you have the stock launcher . if you are using the nexus 7 ' stock ' launcher you cannot remove or add homescreens . you could install nova launcher or another third party launcher . you can easily add and remove screens on these , through pinch out and drag screen to the ' trash can ' or ' x ' icon . specific to g.e. l : you simply remove all the shortcuts from the rightmost screen and it will automatically remove the screen itself . the reverse is true also , drag an icon out of the app drawer over the edge of the rightmost screen and a new one will be created . side loading gel : phandroid ' how to ' with links to the apk files you can easily sideload gel and you will only have one homescreen by default , and integrated google now . this should work on any android 4.0+ device . i have tested on 4.2.2 and 4.3 and 4.4 on galaxy s4 , nexus 4 and htc one .
basically , it looks like you want to clear everything except your apps . is that right ? if so , i would just use something like app manager to back them all up , and then do a factory reset . if you back them up to the sd card they should be safe , but you can always copy the backup to your computer .
resetting the phone to factory settings ( Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Factory data reset ) and wiping the microsd card ( after backing up its contents ) should be all that is needed . factory reset dis-associates the phone from your google account , removes any custom apps ( installed on internal memory ) with their data , and clears all the caches . [ edit ] p.s. there is a good chance that the manufacturer ( samsung in your case ) or whoever you are sending your phone to for repairs might send you a different handset . depending on their service terms , they may simply ship you a brand new nexus s , or even a refurb . so jumping through hoops to leave your installed apps intact might be a waste of time .
you can customise the toggles by clicking the pencil icon in the top right . you should then be able to add a wifi toggle icon . edit : ok . it seems like verizon have removed that toggle . if you are rooted you can add it back though . see link here ( contains screenshots ) . you need to download and install sqlite editor - you need to download and install sqlite editor open up sqlite editor - select the apps tab on top and scroll down until you see settings storage and click it . click on settings . db click on system click on the search icon on top right type in the word notification in the filter value field and click ok once the results load up , tap on notification_panel_active_app_list ( should be the bottom result ) and click on the pencil icon on top to edit in the value field , you will see all your toggles listed . all you have to do is add the word wifi &lt ; -- just like that with a semi colon right after . make sure there is no space after the semi colon like in the screenshot below . once you add wifi , click the save button . close sqlite editor and reboot your phone . once your phone boots back up , you should now have the wifi toggle in quick settings !
adb commands work without root . however the /data partition is only accessible by rooted users* and while /system can be read by anyone , it is a read-only partition and root is needed to remount it as writable . *there is one exception . the/data/local folder is accessible by non-root users too . this folder is primarily used for temporary like when you install an app via adb . the only practical use for this folder is that you can use a custom bootanimation by pushing a bootanimation zip file here .
if you can not adjust the exposure even with third-party camera apps , the only solution would seem to be adjusting it in post-processing . for example photoshop express can do this right on the phone . or you can use your favorite image editor after you move the photos to your pc .
try downloading pudding camera . there is a little wheel on the left side you can turn to change exposure .
as per this comment , the place for bug reports seems to be via the about -> send feedback link within the gmail app - this links to this survey page : http://www.google.com/m/survey/mail_ca
the official issue database for bugs/features/etc . of the android os can be found here .
you do not install system apps , they are automatically detected . after you move it to /system/app/ just remount system as read-only and reboot . if your rom 's not deodexed that may not work but that is a whole other can of worms .
android 4 . x supports contact groups . this is the only way i have found till now .
not sure if you are using a usb cable or some sort of wireless connection , or an hdmi cable . if you are using hdmi you should still be able to see your tablets screen . also , check the input/output settings for your tv .
not sure about the root process for garminfone , but if you have access to your bootloader ( usually termal like with a list of options ) just put a 1.6 stock rom on your sd card and flash it . i tried googleing " stock 1.6 garminfone rom " with no success , probably because of what gathrawn said , but someone over at xda-developers might have something if want to go check out there forums .
this is supposed to be an update for 1.6 , but i am not sure how you had load it . http://www.garminasus.com/en_us/support/software/006-b1130-00.update
the only way to currently do it is to give them a copy of the apk . just make sure they do not pass it around or leak it . you can not gift apps in the android market or give promo codes .
depends on how the copy is performed . the sd card contains a couple of hidden files/directories ( especially with app2sd being used , there is the .android_secure folder to be considered ) . usually , when on a linux workstation , a complete copy from sdcard#1 to sdcard#2 should do the job ( cp -dpR &lt;source&gt; &lt;target&gt; ) . same should apply to mac os . as i have no windows , i cannot speak for that .
according to the official twitter feed , their website is having problems right now . try it again later . mightytext is a reputable piece of software , so while we can not say for sure what they are doing with your information ( like any other closed-source software ) , you should not assume it is malware just because it is not working as it should . see also this venn diagram illustrating the situation :
you can , but a kernel mod may be required to also keep the host device charging . however , many devices are already prepared for this , and cables are being manufactured and sold to this specific end , as one can see from this ebay search , there is already several cables in the market . to your particular device , the sonic_boom user at this xda developers forum thread made a dock station to use otg cable and charging at the same time : my docking station will work with any 2012 maybe 2011 sony xperia devices with otg support . i have tested this so far on my xperia s and working perfect . dock station schematics
a search for " mysql " on the stores can answer this : there are several packages available , usually together with a web server and php . best candidates are probably androphp and palapa . my list of web servers with scripting support also have some of them ( e . g . the two i mentioned ) , together with links to reviews , video demos , etc – which might make your decision easier .
you can always try flashing the 4.3 factory image if data preservation is not a problem . grab the image from google , then follow these instructions
maybe you cant . but you can shake your phone to change tracks . try fusion . it has wave control too .
one suggestion is to install a vnc server on the pc you wish to interact with . you will then need to install a vnc client on the device you wish to use as the remote control . there are a few vnc clients listed on google play store apps . with that you can activate other apps such as the camera . while the camera is showing on the screen the view will stream to your remote device . this method would also give the ability to further interact with remote environment as well . my research has found this technique can work the other way around as well . +1 for @chris navas idea for skype as an option
use a chat program like skype and set it to auto answer when a particular account is the caller .
basic walkthrough for any phone : alternative 1: flash a cwm recovery for samsung , use heimdall . download for ' galaxy s2' or ' sgh-i777' , depending on what you own heimdall also supports a dump command that can be used to backup all flash beforehand command to flash : heimdall flash --recovery CWM-recovery.img enter the newly installed cwm recovery do a backup in cwm to your external sdcard ( be sure there is enough space left ) switch off and check the backup on your pc ( it is located in /clockworkmod/backup/ on the sdcard ) if you are sure your backup is ok , enter cwm again and do a full wipe reboot your phone , do the first-time-init ( google account and such ) install titanium backup + its pro key in titanium backup : extract from nandroid backup alternative 2: applicable if your fastboot mode supports the extended command ' boot ' compatible devices : google 's nexus line , htc desire with patched hboot loader and others steps : enter fastboot mode and load a recovery into ram ( without flashing ) : fastboot boot recovery.img continue with step 3 from ' alternative 1' alternative 3 ( samsung only , but broken on galaxy s i9000 ) : not tried yet , see this as an idea as for now . you are on your own with errors on extraction and restore heimdall implements a ' dump ' and command and a means to print the partition table ( pit ) : heimdall dump --chip-type NAND --chip-id 0 --output nanddump.out.img heimdall print-pit or heimdall download-pit --output nand.out.pit you may then cut the nand dump into pieces ( one for each partition ) and name them accordingly . if successfull , you can then access your data and continue at alternative 1 , step 8 or 4
as you are running ics , you might want to take a look at the question full backup of non-rooted devices . all you need for that is the android sdk on your computer . starting with ics , full backups are supported this way even if you are not rooted . details can be found in the linked question 's answers .
check this forum out , since you are rooted now : sgs2 i9100g keeps disconnecting from wifi after installing firmware xxlpq try installing a new kernel ( usually found on xda ) .
look for the file wpdmtp.inf on the internet ; this is a needed driver . after downloading it to your pc , put the file in the Windows/inf directory , overwriting any existing files . then , open the device manager on your pc . go to portable devices , and re-install the controller . look for the necessary driver in the correct folder . good luck . this works for me .
try use some third party applications instead of pc companion like : wondershare mobilego or myphoneexplorer . both of these are free . i recommend wondershare mobilego . it has a full functional free version and can automatically download and install the drivers .
disconnect from pc . go to settings/xperia/connectivity/usb connection . change from mtp to msc . reconnect , and it should work .
go to Settings &gt; Developer Options , tick off usb debugging , then it'll work ! it worked for me .
just came across a solution thought i should share it on microsoft 's support site . the pertinent section that worked , titled " method 3: disable and re-enable the usb controller " of the above page . ( for the benefit of others who do not wish to see the page , it is quoted here ) use device manager to disable and re-enable all the usb controllers . this lets the controllers recover the usb port from its unresponsive condition . the usb controllers represent the usb ports in device manager . if you are not comfortable with advanced troubleshooting , try the steps in the " workaround " section . to disable and re-enable the usb controllers , follow these steps : click start , and then click run . note if you are running windows vista , click start , and then use the start search box . type devmgmt . msc , and then click ok . device manager opens . expand universal serial bus controllers . note you might have to scroll down the list to find this item . right-click the first usb controller under universal serial bus controllers , and then click uninstall to remove it . repeat step 4 for each usb controller that is listed under universal serial bus controllers . restart the computer . after the computer starts , windows will automatically scan for hardware changes and reinstall all the usb controllers that you uninstalled . check the usb device to see whether it is working . if the usb port recognizes the device and if you can use the device , you are finished . but instead of removing it and restarting , instead , i just disabled it and re-enabled it ( please note this will fail if you use a usb keyboard ) .
did you download the ' twitter ' app or is it a system application ? in other words , did it come preloaded with the phone ? one thing to keep in mind when moving apps to sd card : apps that shouldn’t be moved to the sd card : widgets – no matter how menial in usefulness or design . system tools – many might not operate as intended without being on the phone’s storage . important apps – you don’t want to risk an important app becoming inaccessible when you need it . if the app is not a system app . you should be able to move to sd card . try stopping the app so that it is not in use when you are attempting to move to sd card . sometimes the ' move to sd card ' button is grayed out until you ' force stop ' the app .
there are 2 possible situations here , or both : system apps cannot be moved to sd due to being ' protected ' system apps . apps that have widgets cannot be moved to sd as it breaks the widget and many devs will take out the option to move to sd .
generic samsung firmware md5 information : you can flash an md5 file via Odin for samsung devices . an md5 file is just a . tar file with a checksum included . odin can recognise both , and you an even just remove the . md5 and have . tar on the end , rather than the usual . tar . md5 extension samsung software has . a tar file is just a *nix archive file to all intents and purposes . note : md5 cannot be flashed by cwm or twrp or any other custom recovery . for example : lets say i download a new modem called modem_s6102dxlc2_rev01 . tar . md5 open odin place modem_s6102dxlc2_rev01 . tar . md5 in the ' phone ' or ' cp ' section ( depending on odin version ) flash modem . opening tar files : to open a . tar file you can use 7-zip in windows . link to 7 zip page note it mentions tar explicitely on the page . here is a list of free archive software for windows many of which can open tar files .
what is a md5 file ? files that contain the . md5 file extension are checksum files that are used to ensure that the data within a file is complete and has not become corrupt . an md5 file verifies the integrity of downloaded files , discs and disk images . md5 files use an algorithm that is based on the number of bits that a file should contain . the md5 file format is used by the isobuster cd/dvd copying software to verify the integrity of the copies it creates as well as other software applications . however , there are certain applications that md5 files are not suitable for , such as ssl certificate programs or digital signature file creation softwares . source : md5 file extension in other words , you may have downloaded the checksum file for the application/file/etc that you are attempting to download . the reason winrar can not open it , is because winrar is searching for compressed archives , not a checksum file .
alright everyone , i think i may have found something , so if anyone is having this problem , hopefully it can help . i believe it is a problem with google maps . for me , sometimes , when i launch maps and the gps icon flashes a few times without locking and disappearing , that is when the problem starts . well i had the google maps traffic widgets active , and i would use those all the times and did not realize it was not locking the gps , but my speedometer apps would not work , or even maps would not work i uninstalled maps , and reinstalled , did not help . this is what i found that works - do not use the traffic widgets , just open maps and look at traffic if you need to . the second is , if you open maps and gps does not lock , exit maps . open up gps status , let it lock - for me i do not even need to clear or update agps info , but you may need to . exit gps status , not open your speedometer app or maps , and it should work . i have been able to ' fix ' the gps issue this way over the last few days with multiple reboots and intalls/uninstalls of maps . hopefully this can be helpful or at least a start to troubleshooting . good luck !
i had this very same issue with my incredible ! i did everything you described and even flashed a newer radio version to no avail . i got so frustrated i broke down and did a factory reset - for some reason it magically fixed my issue . i know it is the nuclear option here ( as well as a popular catch-all answer ) but i honestly think it is worth a shot . this also might be an excuse to bump up to cm 7.1.0 stable . fwiw i have had various strange and inexplicable issues with cyanogenmod on my incredible , this gps trouble being just one . if you are up for a slight paradigm shift i have come to really like miui and have not run into anything terribly strange ( . . . yet ) . edit : just in case , here are some great instructions for performing a factory reset from the helpful miui htc incredible installation guide ( these steps are applicable to performing a factory reset in any rom as long as you are using clockworkmod recovery ) . 3 ) open rom manager and select " reboot into recovery . " ( yes , we are assuming you have already flashed the latest " clockworkmod recovery . " if you have not , please do so now via rom manager by selecting " flash clockworkmod recovery " from the rom manager options before trying to reboot into recovery . ) 4 ) . . . from the main clockworkmod recovery menu , select " backup and restore . " then select " backup . " this will create a nandroid backup in case anything goes incorrectly during or you get a bad rom , you can always load your backup and return your phone to exactly the way it was before you began making changes in recovery . you may also restore your backup from here , but only after performing a full wipe of your phone to eliminate any trace of the old data that may corrupt your " restore " process . for more info on performing a " full wipe , " see the next step . 6 ) now to do a clean wipe of your phone . note : at this point you will lose everything on your phone that you have not backed up to an alternative storage space , via cloud , pc , sdcard . this will basically return your phone to a straight out of the box setup . select factory wipe/data reset from the list of options ( on the htc incredible , you may move your selector up and down with the trackball or the volume buttons , the press the trackball to enter your selection . ) after your selection scroll down through the nos to the " yes " and select it , and your phone will begin to clear out its memory . when it completes , you should be back at the menu to wipe data/factory reset . 7 ) after your full wipe , scroll down to the " advanced " menu , and select it . the next list of options should display " wipe dalvik cache . " select it , scroll down through the nos to the " yes " and select it . it should only take a second . this step may be redundant after a full wipe , but if you ever need to " update " a rom , its important to know where this option is , so good practice . 8 ) press the " power " button on the phone to go back to the main clockworkmod recovery options . . . . 13 ) select reboot system now , and your phone should reboot .
its the resolution setting . that or your tv/monitor does not support the default setting . i was switching mine to all the different sizes and switched it to one my monitor did not support . was a total pain to switch back as i flipped it to some off size . just try every tv/monitor you can find until it comes up . i have noted on a few occasions , it does not seem like its booting up right away , i had to unplug and wait a minute , then retry .
there is currently no way to apply a user stylesheet with the default android browser . if you firefox is not available on your phone , you could install the apk manually , but it may not work since it is not supported . you could download the opera browser , connect it to remote debugging using the dragonfly debugger , and then manually apply the stylesheet via debugging--but there are a lot of steps to that and you would have to add the stylesheet on every page load . this may not be a solution depending on what your needs are for the user stylesheet .
there are two ways for something similar if all you want is black background and white text for absolutely all sites , go to about:config and disable use page colors . then set background and foreground colors to what you want . if you require a more complex stylesheet , install stylish add on , and either use your css locally or upload to the site the extension uses . case 1 will be crappy for forms . for some reason forms and the screens like add on screen or the annoying and useless mandatory home screen are not affected . forms are affected by option 2 , but add on and home screen , again , are not .
there is an app that fixes the subtitles , here . sadly , this is not built into android in any way , and i could not find any video player that has this feature built into it .
charge/discharge cycles are mostly irrelevant for li-ion batteries . the main source of capacity loss is simply time . a li-ion battery sitting unused in storage will lose 15-20% of its capacity per year ( see charts on page 4 ) . any minor losses from cycling is going to get drowned out by that .
from swype forum : swype 3.25 update problems - parse error , data error , download failed , password reset [ snip ] if you are experiencing either of these problems please uninstall swypeinstaller and get it again from our beta site : http://beta.swype.com/android/get this should get you up and running . do not forget to uninstall the previous swypeinstaller ( i do not think you need to uninstall swype itself , only the swypeinstaller ) . if you still have any issue after uninstalling and reinstalling swypeinstaller , you should bring the issue to the swype forum ; they will be able to help better than anyone here .
if you are speaking about free as the french isp . . . the freebox is an adsl modem that the french isp free provides to his client . it includes a modem / nas / tv and other funny stuff . . . it provides also multimedia features like photo gallery and video player 1 it presents a nas system accessible thru ftp , and other protocole . to answer to your question , you can install a ftp client on your mobile and connect directly to your server to put your photos . but the prerequisite is a configured server . . . to go further and help you to configure all stuff , we need to know which version of freebox do you have , v5 or v6 ( hd ) you can find a really good tutorial in french on this page : 2 an extract of configuration needed for the hd version . you need to configure your freebox server if it is not already done via the following site : mafreebox . freebox . fr/ the freebox server is accessible thru the following parameters / put it into your android ftp client : address : mafreebox . freebox . fr login : freebox password configured one on : mafreebox . freebox . fr
easy way to get gnu build tools : first https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.n0n3m4.droidc ( install gcc in internal memory ) second https://github.com/fann95/c4droid-shell
in case you only need a cross compiling environment with the standard linux build tools there is an easy solution already included in the android-ndk : in the subdirectory build/tools of the ndk you find a scrip named make-standalone-toolchain.sh . using the parameter --install-dir= you can specify a path where to create the standalone-toolkit - for example as shown inthis call : build/tools/make-standalone-toolchain.sh --install-dir=/tmp/android-stanalone-toolchain  adding the bin directory of the created toolkit allows you to use the standard build process for compiling projects . just make sure that you call the configure script properly for cross compiling : ./configure --target=arm-linux-androideabi --host=arm-linux-androideabi  afterwards you can simply call make and then pray that the application you want to compile is compatible with arm/android platform .
i would suggest you take a look at terminal ide : terminal ide is an expandable terminal application , with a full java / html / android development kit , that runs on your android device . it uses the command line , with many powerful and robust open-source applications , plus a custom ascii on-screen ' soft ' keyboard that works well ( you must enable it in your device 's main keyboard settings ) . . and also has an extensive generic external ' hard ' keyboard key mapper . this way ctrl / alt / esc etc . . should all be accessible . javac , java , dx , proguard , aapt , apkbuilder , signer , ssh , sshd , telnetd , bash 4.2 , busybox 1.19.2 , vim 7.3 , nano 2.2.6 , midnight commander 4.8 , htop 1.0 , tmux 1.5 , rsync 3.0.8 , git 1.7.8 , bitchx 1.1 and a nice terminal emulator are all available . guess this should do for your purpose ?
