hang on a second , you wanted to hard reset your phone because your splash screen did not look like the one on youtube ? it is very common for carriers to change things like splash screens . you do not say where you bought your phone or who your carrier is . can not tell you if it is a fake . if it is legit , you do not say if you bought your phone new or used or if you or a previous owner has rooted it and flashed a custom rom . that would almost certainly change your boot splash screen . i have never owned an android phone that required pushing the back button during a hard reset . here is the only method of hard resetting that i have ever needed : from the main home screen , tap menu tap settings , then privacy tap factory data reset tap reset phone enter your password if required , then tap erase everything to confirm
out of the 3 android phones i have had , one had an " android " startup splash screen , one had a manufacturer startup splash screen , and one originally had a phone network ( vodafone ) startup splash screen , but was changed to a manufacturer splash screen in one of the ( official ) firmware updates . all were bought new and legitimate with manufacturer/carrier supplied firmware . i do not think you can judge anything by what the splash screen shows , especially as this can be changed by carriers and changed in official firmware updates . you need to compare it to an identical hardware model , supplied through the same channel that is running the same firmware/os version . it is unlikely that a random youtube video happens to be identical to yours in all those ways .
droidinfo has some benchamrking features .
there are two different kinds of widget in android : appwidget : a small view of an application ( e . g . weather widget ) that can be embedded inside another application ( e . g . home screen ) gui widget : buttons , textbox , etc ; any visual interface element . i believe you are talking about the former ( appwidget ) . an appwidget always belongs to an app . an app that acts as a appwidgethost ( e . g . homescreen apps ) can lend a part of its ui to be managed by the app that provides an appwidget . in short , it is a way of embedding an application inside another application . an appwidget is usually used as a " smart shortcut" ; a shortcut that provides additional logic other than just being clickable and launching an activity . typical examples of appwidget is recent email/sms/facebook/twitter/whatever-your-favorite-messaging-app widgets , astrid 's task list , calendar widget , etc . an appwidget is conceptually a gui widget , except that appwidget is a gui widget that is not provided by android 's framework , instead it is provided by some other application installed in the system .
try this link first - lg l1 support page and checkout the manuals provided . if you do not find what you need then try Live Chat provided below in the same page to ask them directly about this problem . if no chat agents available at that time try emailing them .
i had a similar issue - only seemed to happen when power had got really low and wifi was on . the way i got around it was : connect to charger shut down nexus hold " volume down " and power button until it wakes up on the bootloader screen , press up until it says " recovery mode " press power you should see the android logo with a red exclamation mark press and hold power , and then press " volume up " which should take you to the recovery menu . once in recovery mode , leave plugged in and fully charge ( several hours ) . once fully charged shut down and restart and it should get past the x . good luck !
this is a way of programatically installing apks the code snippet you are looking for is :
i am not sure about vietnamese , but for example in finnish , there are some extended characters that are problematic . this is because some pages are encoded as iso-8859-15 and some are utf-8 . if autodetection in the browser fails , they will be displayed as boxes or garbage . the same thing happens if the font only supports one encoding and the page uses the other . i would recommend to check the encoding of the font and the encoding of the pages you tried , and change the font if necessary .
i do not know how your stock messaging app works , but handcentsms does this exact thing , and very well at that !
if the bootloader comes locked , it can be easily unlocked . google does not let the flagship devices be sold any other way , since they are designed for development . endgadget says it is sim locked . this review says it is unlocked , but i bet they did not buy it with a contract . the specs for best buy 's " t-mobile version " state that it works for edge ( 2.5g ) on the 850 and 1900 mhz frequency bands , in addition to others , which are what at and t uses . so edge should be usable on any gsm network in the world ( i can not find the specs to see if the at and t version is likewise compatible ) . 3g/hspa will not work on at and t and some others , though , since it is limited to the 900/1700/2100 bands used by t-mobile . google confirms this info .
a review on best buy 's website suggested that the at and t nexus s is sim unlocked . the author of the review claims that he was able to insert a t-mobile sim card immediately after purchasing the phone without any issues . this make sense since google touts the lack of a sim lock on ( its nexus s feature page ] ( http://www.google.com/nexus/#/features ) . all information that i can find online supports the idea that the at and t version , even if it bought subsidized , is sim unlocked . the only source i could find suggesting otherwise is the engadget article previously mentioned , but that claim seems unsourced ( and therefore likely incorrect ) . since the nexus s is intended to be a developer phone , all models should have bootloaders that are easily unlocked .
have you try with fring , i do not know about the bandwidth but it does allow google talk . you can also check what is fring if fring does not convinced you try truphone although if you ask me i am quite sure that you will not be able to win skype app bandwidth usage on their own application , i mean they must ( or should ) know their stuff . let me know
bandwidth consumption depends on the codec that the app will use . skype uses silk or g729 ( see wikipedia for their bandwidth consumption ) . you can see here http://searchvoip.techtarget.com.au/articles/23239-voip-codecs-day-three-low-bandwidth-codecs more low bandwidth codecs and search for an application that support one of them . i have used sipdroid that has support for silk and speex too . for linux client you can use sflphone or ekiga . i have used both with asterisk and sipdroid and worked quite well .
get the pcgod 's mumble client for android ( do not get it from the market because the market one is not the pcgod uploader and is very old and not updated ) . mumble is an open source voip client that is available for windows and linux . however , this voip is a client-server one , hence requires both the clients to connect to a server . while you may choose a public server in the list when launching the desktop application of mumble , it is better to configure and setup your own mumble server so that you have more choice of freedom and you can even set the voice quality and codec that can use lesser bandwidth . further , mumble is more like push to talk , so it uses very little bandwidth ( i was torrenting on my 256k connection while using mumble with just 2 people in the room and still it was fine ! )
there is a clause in the openstreetmap tile usage policy which does not allow offline storage : bulk downloading is strongly discouraged . do not download tiles unnecessarily . in particular , downloading significant areas of tiles at zoom levels 17 and higher for offline or later usage is forbidden without prior consultation with a system administrator . these tiles are generally not available ( cached ) on the server in advance , and have to be rendered specifically for those requests , putting an unjustified burden on the available resources . . . . from locus itself , you can also see that osm is not downloadable , versus google 's ( assumed to have limits , as mentioned in their tos ) .
factory reset means deleteing all app and leave just the one that were preinstaled . for the ones that were preinstalled just delete their data , like contacts msgs etc . if you want to delete all data when you do a factory reset i think it will promt you if you want to delete exdernal sd card to ( external sd card witch is actually the internal memory that you use for your photos etc , long story ) if you do not have that option there then just go to storage and see if you have there an option to wipe everything .
if you thoroughly checked that nothing was left , that is a strange thing indeed ( and i cannot imagine it returned " by itself" ) . but as a factory-reset usually only deletes/wipes /cache and /data , the sdcard ( internal or external ) are not touched in this process , so oyu might have missed that . some devices offer to include the sdcard with the wipe/factory-reset , though . for a real safe clean , however , even a wipe might not be enough , as files still could be restored using appropriate software . so if you are selling your device , you had better make sure your data is completly nuked : not only " marked deleted " , but really removed and overwritten . to achieve this , you can use helpers like nuke my phone .
you mention dropbox in the comments area of another answer . merely deleting dropbox data is insufficient to cleansing its folders . you must dissassociate the device from your account or the deleted items will re-synch to the device when next possible . start dropbox . settings > unlink device from dropbox . if this was not done , or done improperly , i can understand how the recovery occurred to the phone .
is there something like : people app -> press the menu button bottom right ( the 3 vertical dots ) -> settings -> sort list by
samsung probably felt the " non-need " of this feature , hence removing it . you could either use apps from the play store such as " schemes " which allows you to schedule messaging , or contact samsung support via email requesting the re-addition of the feature ( i would go with the former because , one mail mostly does not make a difference against a huge oem ) .
i have never been a fan of the froyo apps2sd , i was a huge fan of the original " apps2sd " that used an ext2/3/4 partition on your sdcard . i am not sure if any custom roms still support this . i know it is not " supported " in cyanogenmod . you will have to root to go the " apps2ext " route . but if you dont want to go that route , or can not find any roms that support it , i do not really know of any way you can really free up any additional space . if rooted , you can delete any " bloatware " that is installed on the /system . you can remove z4root after you install it . another thing to keep in mind , even if you install applications on the sdcard , they can still use the /data directory to store their data , which is located on the devices internal storage .
sounds like you custom maps is exactly what you are after .
loudness compensation boosts the volume on the high and low ends of the frequency band . as you might expect , the higher you set it , the more it boosts . it is mostly useful for balancing out the sound on cheap headphones , which tend to have poor response at the upper and lower bounds of their range . if you are putting worthwhile sound equipment in/on/around your ears , you probably want to leave it disabled .
currently i do not think there is any way to change your dns on your mobile data . but if your phone is rooted you can use apps like set dns .
i encountered the same problem today , and thanks to transfusion . i tried to develop an app " dns forwarde r " to work it out . it does not change dns server on system , but forward dns queries to another server . this workaround works fine for me on kitkat ( nexus 5/4.4.3 and moto razr/cm11 ) . hope it can help other as well .
i am on kitkat cyanogenmod 11 , meaning i am rooted by default . despite that i can only report failure : 1st method : when i try the adb shell with and then test to which ip hjfdkhfjkyuiwnwetbyebvtwgqwdi . tk resolve 's . . . i get an nxdomain response , meaning it did not came from the opendns nameserver i have set ( which would return an answer with an alternative ip , to serve you adds ) . when doing getprop | grep dns  i would only see what i have configured . however when switching from wifi to mobile ( 3g or 4g/lte ) i see ip 's that i recognize as being assigned to my mobile carrier . apps like " dnswitch " or " dns changer " can re-set those resolvers automaticly at network change . however what getprop reports me , is still not what is truly doing the resolving . 2nd method [ a ] : another way i tried , is modifieng /system/etc/dhcpcd/dhcpcd-hooks/20-dns.conf an set things fixed in there ( but be aware network names and number of resolvers can differ ) . without success . 2nd method [ b ] : and in /system/etc/dhcpcd/dhcpcd.conf i removed the parameter to accept resolvers at dhcp negociation . no success either . 3th method : so far the only thing that would work a little is using a " poor man vpn " , using the app " ssh tunnel " , using socks4 , but using that i did not exactly got a good result . resume : it seems like either dns set elsewhere , or all are forwarded ( hijacked ) as soon the network is mobile . so , how come ? is it another dirty way to provide carriers with a tool to demolish network neutrality ? in your case your question was because of that . do you have ssh to try if sshtunnel is a alternative solution to get around your carriers censoring ?
ok , first of all full disclosure : i am the author of an app which is now on the google play store and which makes you able to change dns for any mobile connection on android 4.4 . the app requires root and is called override dns . i was told , on a now deleted answer , that is fair to link to my app as long as i expose it clearly . the problem i found with this release of android ( 4.4 ) is that , apparently for caching reasons , the system behaviour has been changed to redirect all dns queries to a system daemon called netd ( here 's a link to a presentation related to android networking before 4.4 which , however , covers part of these topics ) . the getprop/setprop method does not work anymore . those values , when changed , get simply ignored by the netd daemon . it is necessary to communicate directly to the daemon via the /dev/socket/netd socket . in android it is now present a tool called ndc which does exactly this job . the syntax for the dns related stuff is this : the app automatically guesses the network device name and applies these commands each time a mobile network gets activated .
sadly , it may be impossible to do as of right now , however , it is possible to try dns changer . this may work if you are rooted , but there are no guarantees . a good dns service to use would be google 's public dns service . it tends to work out very well for these type of issues right here . if none of this works , keep looking for answers . a good site for things like this is xda developers . they tend to have many answers on things for android .
i " solved " this problem by using an iptables rule to forward all port 53 connections to an intended dns server ; my experience on android 4.4.2 with attempting to modify dns settings while connected to 3g has been exactly as leo described ; ignorance of values in getprop |grep dns [ 0-9 ] \ ] : and dhcpd . conf . iptables -t nat -A OUTPUT -p udp --dport 53 -j DNAT --to-destination 8.8.8.8:53  the reason is as described here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=44722857postcount=6 all apps do dns lookups through netd via a /dev/socket/dnsproxyd unix socket . this thread also describes why system properties are being ignored . to undo this , do iptables -t nat -L OUTPUT -n -v --line-numbers  , find the line number that corresponds to udp dpt:53 to:xxx . xxx . xxx . xxx:53 and do iptables -t nat -D OUTPUT *linenumber* 
if you tried clearing the app data , resetting to defaults , changing modes and did a factory reset than the only thing left to do is take it back to where you purchased it so they can have a look at it and fix it . it is entirely possible that you have a hardware failure .
these suggestions might seem odd and they might not yield any results but they are worth a shot : try using the panorama and video settings in the stock camera , and i do mean actually use them . do not just switch to them and switch back to picture mode . if you are lucky changing modes , taking a panorama/video , then changing back to normal picture mode will reset whatever needs to be reset . in normal picture mode long-press the shutter button . try this twice , one time release the screen as normal and the next drag your finger away from the shutter button before releasing the screen . i am not sure if doing it these two ways will have different results , but i know that if you drag your finger away no picture will be taken .
did you try resetting the settings to defaults and rebooting the phone ? there is a reset option in the camera setting menu ( open camera , the setting knob , then the three dots , restore defaults ) . if that does not work , then go to system 's settings , applications , " all " tab and clear data .
what happened with my phone is that the scene selector got set to landscape by an os update or someone else fiddling with the phone and i did not even know that there was a scene selector . once i found this setting i found that if i set it back to auto ( or macro if you want to do a close-up ) that the auto-focus starting working again . hopefully this helps someone .
try this , go to settings -> apps -> all tab -> camera -> clear data .
sounds like there is an app that is listening for the permission android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED and firing the toast much to your annoyance . you need to check with yourself by asking yourself those two vital questions - when did this happen ? what was the last app you installed ? and backtrace it to the offending app . for an example , check out this and narrow it down to that aforementioned permission and see which one is it and un-install it .
please try this : DIR_RESULT=$(adb shell if [ -d "/data/textdata" ]; then echo "exists"; else echo "not exists"; fi; ); 
i tried this on an avd and it works for me : ls /data/textdata &gt; /dev/null 2&gt;&amp;1 &amp;&amp; echo "exists" || echo "not exists" 
as devnul3 has said , using google for the contacts and calendar ( i was using google as an exchange account , so i did not have to do anything special ) . just set your android up with the same google account . moving smss can be done with sms migrator , which can be found in the android market . there is also the spb migration tool , which looks like it can do everything but notes .
for contacts and calendar entries , move the contacts to the google cloud with google sync , then activate the android device with the same account . note:if you created more than one google calendar , you will need to make sure they are all selected for sync on the phone ( open the calendar app , menu > more > calendars ) . not sure about notes/sms/bookmarks , although if you can get the bookmarks off of symbian and into chrome you can use chrome marks or chrome to phone to move them to android .
if you enabled " my location " in Settings &gt; Location &amp; Security &gt; Use wireless networks then your cell/wifi and/or gps data will be sent to google to triangulate your location if there is an application in the phone that requested for location . your gps data may also be sent to google if you are using google latitude , google navigation , location-aware search , or use other location-based services . third party applications may also track your location , read their privacy policy before installing those applications if you are concerned . edit : according to android central android does the same sort of thing , boys and girls . and it is supposed to . but it does it right . instead of saving days and weeks and months of location data , it saves the 50 most recent cellular gps locations , and 200 most recent wifi fixes . and it is stored in a little file on your phone . . . . you can shut off android 's location services and stop further caching of location data . it is in settings> location and security .
try upgrading to android 4.4.2 . settings -> general -> about device -> software update -> update . : )
" application name " when it comes down to ddms and adb means the package name of an android application . therefore when creating an ddms logcat filter , you have to enter the applications package , for example for google maps com.google.android.apps.maps .
from the sound of your question , it sounds like your earphone jack is faulty and is not recognising that earphones are connected . you would have to send your device for repair .
basically something wrong and bad happened and hence your phone is unable to boot . i am not sure this is the answer , but i am just trying to help as i too faced such problem and was in panic during initial days with android . this xda site beautifully explains the boot related problems and how you could get over . basically you have to reflash the rom for which you need few usb drivers + flashing tool and original or some other rom . though i am unable to point you to exactly to sites that provide these , i guess you can easily search for it . tip : had if your phone clockworkmod recovery , things will be bit easy . this is one convincing reason , i made up my mind to root and install cwm recovery as a first step on all my devices .
before facing problems , make some backups : nandroid for full and titanium for partial ones . when problems occurs , use restore from this backups .
i got mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; android 4.4.2 ; sm-g900f build/kot49h ) applewebkit/537.36 ( khtml , like gecko ) version/4.0 chrome/30.0.0.0 mobile safari/537.36 acheetahi/2100050050 using the cm browser v5.0.50 a cross-comparison might help you debug .
i have just tried on my galaxy s5 and i got following useragent
after some poking around it would appear that in this case the browser is not identifying itself as running on an android device . i put the useragentstring you supplied into useragentstring . com and in the operating system details field it tells me ; Operating System: Linux running on a Intel CPU running on a 64 bit processor  if i enter the useragentstring for the stock browser on my htc one i get : Operating System: Android version 4.4.2  and on chrome mobile browser i also get : Operating System: Android version 4.4.2  i would suggest asking the user of the device to clear data/cache and see if the problem persists . i can not imagine samsung would have their browser setup like this by default . edit : also just found here that the useragentstring for the s4 should be something along the lines of ; Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; U; Android 4.2.2; nl-nl; GT-I9505 Build/JDQ39) AppleWebKit/534.30 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Mobile Safari/534.30 which is nothing like what you posted . if anyone on ae with an s5 could post their useragentstring ( can get it from here ) that would be useful , unless you know anyone else with an s5 where you could check against . edit2: fyi , the useragentstring for my stock browser on my htc is ; Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; U; Android 4.4.2; en-gb; HTC_One Build/KOT49H) AppleWebKit/534.30 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Mobile Safari/534.30 and for chrome ; Mozilla/5.0 (Lunix; U; Android 4.4.2; HTC One Build/KOT49H) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/35.0.1916.141 Mobile Safari/537.36
i do not think you can set separate default numbers . however what you could do is set a shortcut to message that contact and leave the default number empty so it can prompt you when you call . to set a message shortcut : long press on the home-screen , select " shortcut " , then select " direct message " . this will launch your default messaging app to send a message to that contact to whichever number you set when you create the shortcut . hope this helps
the only way to remove your main google account is to factory reset the phone which removes everything . your best bet will be to download an app that can backup your sms to a file .
i have tried several apps before . this is the best stand alone sms backup .
warning - i have not tried this . i have a lot of experience with android but have not specifically tried hacking google services on to a non aosp based rom . i recommend that you make a full nandroid backup through clockworkmod or any other recovery tool before you attempt this . if you can not backup , i would think seriously about not trying this . that said - google does not like rom developers ship their roms with all the google framework apps installed , which is good for you because it means that everything you need to get up and running properly with the playstore , gmail , google accounts etc can be found in one handy zip file . have a read up of this page , take note of this paragraph : google apps packages are not cross-compatible with other major android versions . for example , the 20120224 pack for ice cream sandwich ( android 4.0 ) is not compatible with gingerbread ( android 2.3 ) . likewise , the drc83 package for donut ( android 1.6 ) will not work with honeycomb ( android 3 . x ) . flashing an incompatible package may cause a variety of bugs , boot-loops , crashes , force-closes , kernel panics , plagues , rashes , coughing , sneezing , headaches , diarrhea , vomiting blood , blood dripping from scrotum , thermonuclear war , unending tic-tac-toe games , mayan doomsday , flooding , purple pustules forming on the face , a bricked device , exploding batteries , or nothing at all . regardless , it is not recommended , and support will not be provided by any competent developer to a user who has done so . the file which matches your os version ( gingerbread , 2.3 ) is http://goo.im/gapps/gapps-gb-20110828-signed.zip . flash this file via the recovery console , or you can install manually by following the script at \meta-inf\com\google\android\updater_script . again i warn you that you could mess up your device , and i am willing to bet there are not that many roms out there if you mess up the current one . good luck !
i got two explanations : apparently after searching , whatsapp shows you online if the application is open in the background , even if you are not using it . if you think you closed the app , i can think of only another explanation , whatsapp servers are loaded and can not possibly update your status real-time . if you closed the app for some time , let 's say 30min ? and it still shows you online , then must be another problem , refer to this
whatsapp by default shows your status to your contact list - only . you have the option to show your status to contact list , everyone or nobody . this option can be reached by going to settings > account > privacy based on your question/scenario , it seems that your app is not working properly . whatsapp only shows your ' online ' when you access the app or are actively on it . if you close the app - but leave your phone on , the app should not show you ' online ' . i would uninstall the app and reinstall it . of note , i would use an app like clean master to make sure that all files associated with the application are truly uninstalled to ensure that you have a clean re-install .
it is much easier to use a dedicated pdf app to do this than try to read pdfs in the browser . for example , you can upload a pdf in google play books via the web interface and then read it in the play books app , which on kitkat supports fullscreen mode , even hiding the notification and navigation bars . other pdf apps might have similar features , though i know that quickoffice does not .
from the fring for android user manual , do this after starting a video chat : to switch camera , press the switch button on the left side . if it does not work on the nexus s , it is probably because they have not had time to fix it since yesterday . you can report a bug on their forum .
suggestion : foldersync does support tasker , and tasker supports file events . idea based on a post : to detect the arival of a new file , use " file modified " but long press the folder instead of selecting a file within it . now tasker will monitor changes to the folder . so : use tasker to monitor tibu 's backup directory . if tasker detects changes , give it a wait for 5 minutes ( which should allow tibu to finish the backup ) , then let it trigger foldersync to synchronize with your windows share : condition : time → between x and z ( optionally , to minimize battery consumption . x should be at least a few minutes before the scheduled backup , z a few minutes after . make sure that z = the scheduled backup time plus the wait in below task plus some margin for the sync to complete ) event → file event → file modified ( select directory as described above ) task : tasker → wait ( 5 min , or whatever you feel best ) plugins → foldersync → ( whatever the action is called there )
gallery vault uses encryption to hide media . if you have done a factory reset , then there is no way to recover your previous data , even if the file still " exists " . to decrypt , you would need some sort of decryption key or file , and chances are you lost it when you did a factory reset .
reading the faq available at thinkyeah website , they state that the encrypted files are stored in the folder .thinkyeah/galleryvault located on the sd card . further more , they state that if you install the application again and use your previous password you are able to retrieve all of your secured files . relevant faq entries : where are the encrypted files ? if gallery vault was uninstalled , can i find my photos and vedios back ? since the encrypted files are located on the sdcard , and assuming that the encryption key/file is located on that location or within the vault file itself , you are able to recover your files installing the application and using your old password . since you already mentioned that you still have the " vault " file , all appears to be in order , go ahead and try .
you only need to remember the passphrase . i have done this before . if you are worried , you could always create a nandroid backup of your entire system , then wipe and install a custom rom . install tb , and try to restore an app with just a passphrase . if it needs something you lack , then you have your answer and can go back to recovery and restore the nandroid . but as i said , i have done this process already and know that the password is all that is needed .
the faq of titanium backup about crypthography states that you just need the passphrase to recover any backup . that must mean that the private key file is stored along with all of your backups , because it could never work in any other ways . the big problem with that faq is that it should states this explicitly imho so to make things clearer for us users . i took a peek at the first bytes of some backupped file ( i am talking about the application data here , because titanium backup does not backup apks period ) , guess what i saw ? i found the very same ascii sequence in the first lines of the backup files : those files are named something . gz but they are actually not gzip files ( because of the key that has been put in front of them . gzip files begin with hex codes 1f 8b 08 . those files do not ) . if you run linux and want to check it out , download two of your backups on the pc and try this command , that shows the first four lines of the file : $ head -n 4 cgeo.geocaching-20130919-000250.tar.gz  my output is : quite odd for a binary file , is not it ? by the way that must be , yes , my tb private key enciphered with my passphrase . i do not give a thing about sharing it because you would need my backup files and my passphrase as well , to get anything useful out of . now , if you run run the same command on a different backup file : $ head -n 4 com . amazon . kindle-20130919-000004 . tar . gz guess what ? you will get the same s*it ! this simply could not be a coincidence . : ) from a certain point onward everything in backup files finally becomes binary . this behavior makes a lot of sense because that would mean that we can only share the backup files and forget about everything - with the passphrase , we can recover our backups , period . still , i really think that the developer should document a procedure about how to recover our own legitimate data ( we know the passphrase , so it is us ! ) from any computer with a decent crypto tools set ( read : openssl ) .
if you do not mind a small amount of simple programming , it is pretty easy to trigger actions from nfc using microsoft 's on{x} app ( yes , bizarrely this is a microsoft app that is only available on android ) . as long as you have already got the hardware support , this lets you trigger a whole lot of actions with an nfc tag , with an absolutely minimal amount of simple scripting . see their recent blog entry on nfc for some of what you can do .
the answer of cathrawn pointed me to the right direction ( thanks for that ! ) : it is possible with on{x} and a few lines of custom code . there you go : works great for now . i am going to dive into the on{x} api a bit in order to toggle the state and so disable settings again once i want to leave work .
i have been looking at llama . you can set actions based on conditions , and one of the selectable conditions is NFC tag detected . i have not tried this myself yet , but the program is pretty well thought out . highly recommended !
turn it on , then go into hangouts and turn it off . actually i really wanted to write/receive sms from hangouts , but it did not quite work well . sometimes i could not even reply to the message . so yeah . i disabled it and no nag ever since .
if you are using google talk and have a gmail account , your chats are automatically logged in gmail . if you search for label:chat , you should be able to find that conversation and copy the text from your gmail application . btw , i think that the fact that you can not copy the text from the chat app really needs to be fixed .
i have the same issue . i solved it by installing boeffla kernel and turning on ignore unstable power .
i have had this issue too from time to time , at one stage i had to turn my phone off to get a decent charge , i found that using a usb cable can slow down the charging time but as you mentioned your using a ac power source . how i resolved mine was buying a new battery , my battery was dated for 2012 and simply needed to go . new battery resolved my problem , and are fairly cheap !
i have noticed that changing the charger works in a few cases . the standard charger sometimes does not play nice with custom roms .
do you keep wireless or any other communication networks on while charging ? this can slow down the charging process .
if it is a miui theme it will be compatible , but i highly recommend you to use the themes app that comes built-in your miui rom .
there is a keyboard better that that of blackberry : swiftkey x . believe me , you will love its artificial intelligence based suggestions . it learns from your typing habits to suggest you better . and , it can learn from twitter , facebook , gmail and rss feed too ( quick learning ) .
you can try default android keyboard . search for gingerbread keyboard or icecream sandwich keyboard in play store .
wget should work , and can be installed to android if it is not already there . http://www.gnu.org/software/wget/manual/wget.html just use it in a terminal emulator .
solved : while the rageagainstthecage exploit is not working with the infuse , you can root it with the psneuter exploit . easiest way to do it is with the superoneclick application .
did you put these files in the directory , or did one of your apps ? if an app did it , it might have dropped a " . nomedia " file in there too . the presence of this file keeps android from adding the pictures the gallery . use a file explorer like astro to double check for the . nomedia file . you can safely manually delete it .
you can ' encourage ' the phone to rescan the sd card by unmounting and remounting it ( settings > sd and phone storage ) , or by using a little app from the market called ' sdrescan ' ( which essentially does the same thing ) .
as other posts have mentioned , the sqlite3 binary is typically used via adb from your pc . if all you want to do is manage sqlite dbs locally , then i have found the free app asqlitemanager very useful . in addition to a simple gui for managing and viewing data , it allows running of arbitrary queries .
superoneclick actually has a copy of the binary . it lives in the Dependencies folder , and according to one poster on stack overflow , it works when pushed onto your device ( i assume it must work on most devices since superoneclick uses it ) .
a little complicated process i will suggest , because i am not aware of other ways : ) , get the android source code , compile it , in the output directory you will get sqlite3 binary , then push it to your phone 's /system/bin/
your best bet would be to use adb and pull it off the emulator , or pull it from another rom . you will then have to put it on your device , but you will have to have root to put it in the directory with the other binaries . sqlite3 does not come on most of the devices , i think it only comes on the dev phones , like adp1/adp2 , nexus one/nexus s . i know it is not on the samsung galaxy s devices such as the vibrant ( i am guessing its on the nexus s ) .
pulling it off of the emulator will not work . i found a 1.6 binary here . that page details information on porting , so if the 1.6 binary does not work , you can try porting/compiling a new version .
via your desktop computer , go to the contacts section in gmail . click the more button and then restore contacts . you will be shown a dialog box where you can pick a particular time to restore to within the past 30 days . that should restore your contact data . after that just sync your device .
the solution is very simple , the problem is that the rom is just reading the phone contacts and you just have to delete a file ! caveat emptor your phone must be rooted go download an app called root explorer from play store launch root explorer go to this directory /data/data/com.android.contacts/shared_preferences then delete com.android.contacts_preferences.xml that is the first part done , remaining part is this , now , go into your contacts app via home screen or application drawer , tap on menu , then tap on import/export , then import all the contacts from sim to phone !
i am on 2.3.5 in the basic " messages " app you can go to the message , clicknhold , view message details . there it shows all recipients . there is a " reply all " option after you click and hold .
the first thing i would try to do is to retrieve the logs of the errors via adb , and/or crash dumps . retrieving the logs is tricky , since the log cache gets erased on reboot . if the phone reboots even while sitting on a charger , try running adb logcat continuously ( you will need android sdk and usb drivers installed and configured on your pc . ) when the phone reboots , look at the last several pages in the command prompt window for any errors or abnormalities . if you can not reproduce the reboots while the phone is hooked up to usb , i suggest installing an app like alogcat , and setting it up to write logs to the sd card on an interval . hopefully you will get lucky and catch the errors that way . you can also try pulling out the crash dumps via the following commands : su cat /proc/last_kmsg &gt; /mnt/sdcard/last_kmsg  this should create a file named " last_kmsg " on your sd card that contains last few debugging messages from the kernel . open it with any text editor and see if anything obvious shows up .
you can install the android sdk and use ddms to monitor the logcat . the thing with a logcat , it is cleared when the device reboots , but you may be able to get an idea of what is crashing if you are monitoring it before it reboots . you can probably also find unofficial cm9 nightlies for the galaxy s2 , but i am not sure what issues still exist for that device .
i had the same problem but in the few minutes it gave me each time i experimented and found that it stopped crashing if i went to the network update in the settings , even though there is no update available . it now works but i would annoying needing to do that every time .
i had a similar random-rebooting problem , and after one such reboot , i hooked up the phone to my laptop and ran " adb bugreport " on it . i got what looked like useful information , and attached it to the bug . so i think at least some log information survives a reboot . here 's the bug , btw : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=24118
you can try alogrec , and if you like it , the donate version . written by the same programmer that wrote alogcat , it continuously records the log ( logcat ) to your sd card . i have not tested it for how it reacts with restart from a crash , but i tested with a manual restart and the recorded log survived the restart and could see the shutdown sequence being logged . one downside is the log does not include timestamps . my t-mobile s ii had been crashing ( restarting ) when using basic features - ending a call ( once ) , taking a picture ( once ) or using navigation ( 3 times ) . i upgraded from ics 4.0.3 to 4.0.4 . so far it has been good . i wish i had known about alogrec while i was having these restarts .
i usually sign up for an rss feed on the project 's website , and add the feed to a separate group in google reader . since i sync up with reader twice a day , when an update to an app i am following is available i know about it the same day . for sites that do not provide a native rss feed , there are some services that can generate an rss feed on-the-fly , like feed43 or feedbeater , for example .
try using atrackdog , pretty sure that'll be what you are looking for !
as that is the wrong stock image for your phone there is something in it that does not work correctly , such as a baseband or radio image that is incorrect . you may have luck updating the drivers : http://code.google.com/android/nexus/drivers.html#crespo
this turned out to be a hardware fault which is pretty common on the sgs2 units . the vibration device is mounted next to the audio jack , meaning that it sometimes fails if the jack has been stressed . there is a short video ( warning : nsfw language ) that describes the issues and how to fix them . essentially it works as following : insert a cable into the headphone jack . lightly press on the jack , in the direction of the front-facing camera ( left , if looking at the phone from the front ) whilst lightly pressing in this direction , remove the jack . vibration should be restored . . . for now . the long term fix is to get the vibration motor re-mounted by a qualified repair technician .
yes , very easily actually . to make your s3 emit a wifi network enable ' wifi tethering ' in System Settings-&gt;More-&gt;Tethering and Portable Hotspot-&gt;Portable WiFi Hotspot . configure the hotspot ( name , password etc ) , in the Setup WiFi Hotspot menu . to connect your tablet to the wifi network enter the tablets wifi settings , and turn wifi on . select the wifi network you configured on your s3 ) . select connect . if you setup a password , you need to enter it . other info if you do not see the wifi hotspot option , then your network has disabled it . if you are rooted you could use an app such as wifi tethering - just be aware that this will produce an ad-hoc hotspot , and stock android cannot connect to these types of hostspots . there is currently no way , afaik , to create a standard wifi hotspot without using the stock android tethering system .
i assume that you have 3G/LTE connection on your Galaxy S3 and want to use that connection on your Galaxy tab2 , so you would have internet on it . ok ! here is the solution : on galaxy s3: enable internet ( 3g/lte mobile data ) go to settings -> wireless and networks -> tethering and portable hotspot ( the path and names may be different on your phone ) enable portable wifi hotspot click on " Configure Wifi hotspot" and define a desired ssid and password for your network . now , on your galaxy tab 2: go to settings and enable wi-fi in the list of available wireless networks , find your wireless network created on galaxy s3 , and tap on it to connect enter password of the network you created on s3 and then it should connect to your galaxy s3 and use its internet connection . more info : http://support.google.com/android/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=168932 if your network ( sprint ) has disabled tethering on the phone , you may want to use 3rd party apps to enable tethering ( liam has pointed to one of them in his answer )
best way is to enable wifi tethering . bluetooth also works .
what i did is to root my samsung s3 and install a wifi tether apk file so i can get free internet on my samsung tab 2 .
samsung galaxy tab 2 and motorola photon you can get internet thru bluetooth
what exactly have you tried so far and what happened ? in any case , unrevoked should work to get you root . there is a step-by-step here on xda .
just go in downloads --> select other downloads ( and it will appear facebook build 141046 ) --> select it --> click cancel or settings--> apps--> all--> download manager--> force stop disable and clear cache then enable again
try : -long pressing the notification . -a small dialog that says " app info " will appear . -press " app info " -press " force stop " .
if your g2x is rooted , the easiest work-around would be deleting the tasker 's data from recovery . download and install android sdk and lg 's drivers for the g2x . reboot the g2x into recovery mode ( preferably clockworkmod ) , connect to pc , and in command prompt issue the following commands : cd c:\androidsdk\platform-tools\ adb shell su rm -rf /data/data/net . dinglisch . android . taskerm reboot this should remove all tasker profiles , including the " bad " one .
this sounds reminiscent of a " feature " that is present on the s iii . try going into the settings . in the device section , click display , then in the screen section , click screen mode . you probably want to change it from dynamic to standard . ( some of these things might be named differently on the s4 , in which case please edit the new names into this answer . )
is this similar to the yellow tint issue with the s2 before ? then , it is probably a hardware issue . related post : what to check when buying a used device in the link you gave , i would think that light_addict 's issue is hardware-related . see if your shop will replace it . try to compare it with other existing phones of the same model , using the same setting ; you might want to do a factory reset so they will believe you there is a difference in color .
sounds like a hardware issue . i suggest promptly replacing it with your carrier before your return grace period is up ( 30 days with at and t , for example . ) you will need to do this at the same store where you purchased the handset . i have the exact same problem with my new atrix . unfortunately ( for me ) i unlocked its bootloader , so at and t is refusing to honor the warranty . i sent it in to motorola for repairs , but it is still doing the same thing ( moto was nice enough to re-lock the bootloader , but at and t is still not budging . ) in my case , i have a feeling that it is either damaged battery contacts on the phone , or perhaps a faulty battery itself . i am planning to send it to motorola again ( on their dime this time ) to see if they can fix it for real this time .
i have been noticing this too - it seems to only happen when i am enabling > 2g data access . i have managed to cut down the amount of reboots by installing cyanogenmod 7 and a custom kernel , which i found here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1156040 it is down to 1 or 2 reboots a week now , which is manageable .
it seems that old installation of locale was making problems ; since after uninstalling it problems disappeared . i still do not understand how is it possible for app to influence android systems so badly , since every app should run in it is own sandbox , but at least problem is solved .
you can change , first root your device . using file manager go to your root directory . open folder named " system " . in that open file named " build . prop " using text editor . search for option called lsd_display= ( after equals to enter your default dpi value and save the file . ) now reboot . done
yes , it is up to the carrier whether to distribute the update over their network , but it looks like the update did roll out on orange . strange that you did not get it and can not see it . that said , updating via htc sync is perfectly safe and will not void your warranty . it is nothing like rooting . i would think you should be able to take it into an orange location and they will update it for you , but i would just do it with htc sync myself . your link is for the 2.3 update , rather than the 2.2 update ; i do not know whether you can go directly from 2.1 to 2.3 with that update , but it should not hurt to try .
upload it to tinypic or any of the other image hosts . copy the url and put it in a comment on ' someone 's ' wall .
it uses a protocol called zrpt to encrypt your voice which then is transfered via voice over ip . http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/zrtp
i found this article that explains how to disable it on the galaxy note i717 . i do not have a sg phone but i imagine the solution would be similar for yours . go to settings > manage applications > all apps locate badgeprovider and tap on it click on the disable button
this is because of the update not being done on a clean install . also samsung phones have touchwiz overlay on android which is a bit heavy . to make your phone fast do a full factory reset after taking a full data backup so that you can restore everything ! doing this would clean up any mess left behind by the update process . always try and do a clean install for a major update .
they are the same thing , auto backup is basically just a new ( and more appropriate ) name . the only thing that changed is that now it uploads your pictures in original quality ( part of the reason why they bumped up everyone 's google drive limit to 15gb )
unlike REINDEX , the VACUUM command needs to create a new temporary file to work in . it then replaces the database file with this temporary file . this means that it needs write access , not only to the database file , but also to the directory it is in .
close odin , disconnect your phone , restart odin , reboot your phone , put the phone into download mode again , and then connect your phone and ensure odin sees it . sometimes odin just does not recognize the device and you need to try again . odin will show something like the yellow highlighted area below when the phone is properly connected :
they work like normal shortcuts , just long-press the icon and drop it into the recycling bin , and then open the app menu , long-press Search and drag it down to the dock . edit : the dock in question is not customizable from the default settings , but it can be patched through clockworkmod . the most comprehensive customization options i have seen can be found here . the files need to be applied through clockworkmod so the device has to be rooted . just download the file you prefer , move it to the internal sdcard and apply the update from recovery . be sure to backup first , just in case .
you could have a detailled explanation of what is in the /proc directory in the linux man page
i use ota rootkeeper , which includes a feature to backup su and temporarily unroot the phone . once temporarily unrooted , it can re-root by restoring the su backup . ( in addition it also attempts to preserve root when you apply an ota update from your wireless carrier , which is a really nice feature . )
this question has already been asked and answered : to summarize , look for the application called " superuser " ( as one suggestion ) . -edit- per suggestion should the link go down : how can i disable root on a modded device ? if you install superuser you can control which apps are allowed root access . by default it blocks all requests and asks you what you want to do . you can give an app access indefinitely and revoke it at any time , or allow only specific requests with a timeout . most rooted roms come with it pre-installed , including cyanogenmod , and many rooting methods will install it for you as well . as an alternative , you could remove the su binary and busybox from your device to effectively un-root it .
rooting is reversible . so if you unroot your phone , the applcation will not see anything .
here is what worked for me : 1- you need to have xposed framework installed , you can install it from here : http://repo.xposed.info/module/de.robv.android.xposed.installer , xposed is a framework for modules that can change the behavior of the system and apps without touching any apks . 2- download the root cloak xposed module from here http://repo.xposed.info/module/com.devadvance.rootcloak and enable it . 3- add the app your trying to hide the root from . reboot will be required a couple of times within the process .
to detect rooting status of device , an app issues su command . if exit status is 0 , it means device is rooted . . otherwise , not . to prevent this , you can simply Deny the root access using superuser 's pop-up ( provided its allowed from superuser settings , a pop-up appears when an app issues su command ) . after this , the app will get non-zero exit status and it can not determine rooting status . update : some apps can use other ways to check root status ( like checking the su binary file existence ) . i would like to admit that none are perfect methods without false-positive result , but sometimes they are successful with luck . the best universal method to prevent detection : restrict the permission of app 's daemon . i can not suggest exact permission limitations because i do not know functions of the app . it can mess up with app 's functionalities . in the last , i would like to say : technically , there is no way to prevent detection by 100% success rate . in case of permission limitations , the app can still suspect that something is wrong .
negative . the htc desire hd does not have an nfc chip .
you do not need to back up the google authenticator app/data as you can create a list of ' backup codes ' which you can use to log in without requiring a authentication code on the same page that you configure 2-step authentication . why print or download backup codes ? backup codes are especially useful for people who travel , have problems receiving sms or voice calls , or cannot use the google authenticator mobile app . recommendation : you should print or download backup codes store these in a safe place ( or print them out ) and if you lose your phone you can use one of these codes to log into your account and set up a new device with the authenticator app . whilst this applies to google 's 2-step-authentication , any other sites you have configured to use the google authenticator app should offer a similar option , or another way to receive codes ( e . g . facebook supports google authenticator , their own app and sms as methods to receive codes ) .
try authenticator plus , it supports backup/restore functionality with sync across devices , if you have a phone/tablet , this app syncs all accounts between them flawlessly . it has logos support too
titanium backup ( link to google play store ) will backup any android app , including google authenticator . however , you must root your phone for this to be a viable option . i would also recommend printing the google backup codes too . this is not quite backing up the google authenticator app , but they would allow you to reset the authenticator if necessary . this would only help for regaining access to your google account though . backing up the app with titanium backup is the most complete option , in my opinion . it is saved me on a number of occasions .
somehow there was a proxy set up in the apn settings … edit : to change the proxy you have to go to the settings and click on mobile data . select access point names , select the active apn ( or the one you are having problems with ) check/reset the proxy/port settings .
i believe this is a problem of the rom itself ( android 2.2 in ace ) . even with only the basic applications it would show the same error . anyway this problem is solved for me . i upgraded my phone to android 2.3.4 . after that , up to now ( nearly 5 month ) i have not come across that problem .
i believe this is a problem with samsung 's ui , touchwiz ; i experienced this on a couple roms for my galaxy s . i do not know of any way to fix it without replacing your rom , but i did find that going to Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; WiFi settings and toggling wifi there seemed to work . settings is a standard android os app and thus bypasses whatever problem touchwiz has when you try to toggle the wifi from the notification area .
i did have a problem a few months ago where i would keep getting an error when i tried to turn wifi on , which needed a reboot of the phone to fix . i traced it back to an app that i would installed recently , the app in question monitored the wifi connections and did funny things ensuring you connected to specified wifi points when they were available . after i uninstalled the app the problem went away ( the app in question was the bt fon app , in case you have the same one ) . so it is probably worth thinking about when the problem first started , and then working out which apps that have anything to do with wifi you may have installed or updated around that time , and removing those apps for a few days to see if it helps .
you can try this , on the dial pad , enter *#*#526#*#* this will automatically load the wifi drivers . once you see that driver loading successful , you can then turn on the wifi and it might work . . .
it really comes down to customer expectations . with ios , apple uses the built-in apps to set an expectation that apps will be " blingy " , with all kinds of eye-catching animations . if you look at android 's built-in apps , they are not so eye-catching : animations are subtle ( usually simple fades or fly-ins ) , they have a much cleaner , drier look , and they have very similar , familiar conventions about menus and transitions . this has set the expectation amongst android users that app-specific bling is much less important than respecting the conventions of the platform and integrating well with other apps . at the same time , the app ecosystem and the consumer market are very different on android . apple has a very large barrier to entry : you can not realistically develop ios apps without buying a mac , and a physical device , and paying a subscription to apple . this means that for the most part , hobbyists and small developers are excluded from this market . in contrast , the android development tools are freely available and support windows , mac , and linux ; there is no subscription to be a developer ; you can get onto google play for a small , one-off fee , or distribute apps outside of google play ( on other app stores or independently ) . for this reason , while android still has all the big-name developers you find writing ios apps , there is also a much larger number of small developers and hobbyists . hobbyists are much less likely to add bling or visual design features to their apps , because they just want to develop something useful . there are a lot of incredibly well-written and useful hobbyist and open-source apps , but they are much less likely to add visual design varnish to them . as well as bringing down the average amount of varnish for an app , this also feeds back into the consumer expectation that android apps do not need so much bling .
for what its worth , the issue stopped occurring after i changed the whatsapp notification light color to white . i think it might have something to do with the fact that whatsapp and hangouts both had the notification light color set to green . if this happens to you try providing a distinct notification light color to all the apps .
the power consumption is not noticeable . even a tiny watch battery can run a small led for a few days continuously . increasing the blink rate will not change the power consumption at all : what makes a difference is how long the " on " part of the blink is compared to the " off " part . this is called the duty cycle of the led . most led controllers use the duty cycle to control the brightness of the led ( because leds are not sensitive enough to voltage ) , so even when the led appears to be on continuously , it is actually blinking faster than you can see . you can see this by waving the phone around in a darkened room : instead of tracing a continuous line in the air ( like a sparkler or torch does ) , it looks like a dotted or dashed line . if you can keep the waving speed constant , and measure ( or estimate ) how long the dashes are compared to the gaps , you know the duty cycle . the only reason for the led to blink is a human one : to make it more eye-catching , so you can see when you have a message ( or whatever ) .
file expert will give you both on-device , explorer-like access to your files , and access over wifi from your browser , an ftp client or bluetooth . you will not need a separate browser-access app . it is well reviewed and free/no ads .
i have contact with other airdroid user and this is an known bug for the developer , to be resolved in future version .
what do you mean with the " internal folders " are also named " sd card " seems weird to me . maybe you assume /sdcard is a local folder ? which it is not that is the location of your sd card 's content . above , when you want to access your sd card 's content in your pc , it have to be dismounted from the phone which will make apps installed on it inaccessible . mostly you have to approve the dismounting of the sd card manually from your phone . i can imagine that when airdroid is installed on your sd card it cannot dismount it because it has some necessary files on it .
if this is the new droid maxx ( 2013 model , motxt1080m ) , then it is already unlocked out of the box . just pop your sim card in and it will work . just be aware that the data will be hspa+ and not lte .
provided you bought the correct sim card ( straighttalk provides its service using all 4 major us mobile networks - att , tmo , verizon and sprint ) from how to convert verizon wireless phones to straight talk : contact verizon wireless . verify your account information and explain to the representative that you would like to unlock your phone for use with another service . pay your outstanding balance due and the early termination fee , if applicable . obtain an unlock code from the representative .
same phone . never had this happen to me . using a custom rom though . broodrom business edition . i would recommend upgrading your system or flashing a custom rom .
i realized last night that since i have 2 factor auth enabled for my account , i might have to generate a new application-specific password in my google account settings . i generated a new one and successfully synced with my new email using it .
you can get official un-official and aosp based roms ( cm ) for the xda discussion here http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1002 the aio tool should help you install eu roms on your device http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2020737
thanks for introducing pieceable . after reading your question i learnt about it and when going beyond , i found amazon 's test drive seems to have a similar ability . thanks to @jcisio , i found this answer here . currently the amazon test drive is available in us only . hence , i could not test and verify it .
i have found appsurfer . com to work very nicely for me . they are still in beta but in 1 - 2 months to come out with plans . . . it is free for 10 users at the same time at the moment and works quiet well . . .
there are several factors . no carrier or manufacturer bloatware . if you want to test apps or os changes and be sure you are not hitting some device-specific bug , a nexus device makes it less likely that will happen . they all use the same tool for flashing roms : fastboot . not all third-party devices use it , and having to learn a new set of commands for every device you have is quite annoying . easy to unlock bootloader . many third-party devices do not give you a means to unlock the bootloader ( in order to flash your own rom ) without tricksy hacks . sometimes the manufacturer does this ; sometimes the carrier adds it to avoid you getting around their restrictions on tethering or something else . on nexus devices , it is as easy as fastboot unlock-bootloader . you can compile your own rom for a nexus device from the aosp sources . if you want to hack on android itself , or if you simply want a userdebug build in order to allow more debugging options for apps , it is as simple as downloading and compiling the source . third-party roms do not usually have source available , so to build a custom rom , you have to reverse-engineer the rom and/or port aosp to the device yourself ( or wait for other modders to do it ) . this is why the t-shirts worn by engineers on google 's nexus programme describe it as " pre-hacked android " . google puts a lot of work into keeping the logs ( the ones you get from logcat ) clean , to make development easier . they block code changes that add too much noise to the log , so that it stays useful for debugging . other manufacturers are not usually so careful : they do not see the log as something their customers will want , so they let it get noisier and noisier with driver debugging info nobody will want to look at . clean logs make it much easier for app and os developers to see and debug the behaviour of their code . nexus devices tend to get updates to new android versions before third-party devices . if you are an app developer , and you want to make sure your app works with a new android version as soon as possible , or you want to take advantage of new features and test on a real device ( not an emulator ) , then you do not want to wait for a third-party manufacturer to get their finger out and port the new android version to their hardware .
in addition to what dan hulme wrote , i would like to add that nexus devices have sick firmware images for previous versions of android , which can be easily installed . you can downgrade your galaxy nexus to ics , or your nexus s to gingerbread . the nexus 4 shipped with 4.2 but soon yours will have 4.4 . you will be able to load older versions later on if that kind of testing is important to you . i found this to be very valuable when testing with the nexus s because it went from 2.3 to 4.1 . you can even rely on cyanogenmod to extend the life of the phone as a test platform , if you trust that cyanogen is sufficiently close to stock for app compatibility purposes .
it turns out that just because you can see and use a map online , that does not mean that google will allow you to make the area available offline . offline maps are only currently available for certain countries , and brazil is not currently one of them , in fact it seems to be a fairly odd selection . google have published the full list of countries that it is available in here : maps for mobile - offline availability edit : note that in a july 2013 google maps update , google made offline maps into a hidden feature with no menu option any more . more about how to make maps available offline here : get offline maps in new google maps
i found that i was able to remove the version of google maps i had installed ( which was 6.11.1 ) and downloaded and installed an older version ( 6.6.0 ) from here which allowed me to pre-cache the area i was previously not allowed to . but in the older version i had to go to settings , labs and turn on the pre-cache option and then long press on the map , click on the balloon , and then scroll to the bottom for the pre-cache option . i do not understand why downloading maps of certain areas is not allowed in newer versions . obviously its not a technical reason . is there some sort of political or legal reason ? other map apps can download maps for the entire world . it really does not make any sense to me . . .
i made a stupid mistake on the other device is called Plays Store and here it is called simply Market , anyway i found you can also download it as an .apk file and install it .
many android devices which do not support the google play store do support amazon appstore , which functions much the same . you can browse or search thousands of android apps on amazon 's site , or via the app itself , and upon finding one you like , you can install it directly , just as you would via google play . you can purchase paid apps using your amazon account , as well as download many free ones . there are other apps of this nature as well , such as getjar .
what you are referring to here is called sideloading - this is a term used when loading an app on to a device without using the/a market store . it is possible to get apk files for apps , but there're generally good reasons why most developers do not make these publicly available - some developers will make these available thought , it depends on the individual . i would email the developer in question and ask if you could have an apk version of the app . i would not imagine that they would have any issues with this if your request is legitimate and above board .
short answer : no . long answer : not usually , but there some exceptions . in general , to root the phone , you first have to unlock the bootloader . this wipes the internal storage , keeping your data safe . ( it does not usually wipe the sd card , but you have to assume an attacker will just remove the sd card if he wants to read it ) . you had almost think it was designed this way ! you can easily get past a screen lock using adb , but you have already specified that that is disabled . even if usb debugging is enabled on the phone , newer android versions have a " confirm the debugging key " prompt when you use adb from a new pc , which requires the attacker to unlock the screen anyway . some phones have low-level security vulnerabilities that are not part of android . for example , you used to be able to root any exynos4 device ( such as the samsung galaxy s3 ) by running an app that abused the camera interface to exploit the way the camera driver works . ( this flaw has now been fixed in ota updates . ) in this particular case , you had need to install a special app of your choice onto the phone and run it to exploit the vulnerability . it is likely that any future errors like this will also need the attacker to run a special app , so can not be used on a locked phone with usb disabled , but it is conceivable that some flaw might be added that could be exploited from the lock screen ( perhaps using mtp or usb-otg ) . the last exception is , of course , if the bootloader is already unlocked . in this case , the attacker can flash anything he likes to the system . he would not even need to root the phone : he could simply disable the lock screen and reboot the phone to get to the home screen . some users think that bootloader locking is just to make things harder for users , but it is an important part of android 's security mechanism .
multiple approaches here . first , you can open the playstore app , hit the menu button , go to settings , and advise it to only work with wlan , plus not install apps automatically . this would cover part of your problem . second , you could also tell it to not check for updates at all . while on a first look this seems to contradict with your intention -- please read on . go and install yourself the appbrain app market app . this actually utilizes the google play store , it is not a separate market . it even uses your google account for everything . now synchronize your installed apps with the appbrain app . after that , you will see available updates -- and you can decide on a per-app basis whether to . . . accept this update skip this update only ( and be reminded only for the next update ) skip updates for this app altogether as you told the " original " playstore-app to " shut up " , there will not be multiple update notifications . just use the appbrain app for updating your apps -- it will do so by calling the playstore app using its api . batch-updates ( "update all" ) are of course possible as well .
a feature i personally find very useful is the possibility to jump to next/previous music track with a long-press on the volume up/down hardware buttons . also sometimes the available cyanogenmod android version is higher/newer than the official version of your device manufacturer . it is not bundlet with an abundance of non-uninstallable apps like most manufacturer-branded devices are .
the features that make me continue using cyanogenmod are : no carrier/manufacturer bloatware or hidden services to deal with . even custom roms are vulnerable to carrier bugs if they are not vetted properly for leaks ( a la carrieriq ) . far more regular updates than most carriers/manufacturers deliver , meaning you get the latest upstream patches within a much more reasonable timeframe . many devices receive support from cm after official manufacturer updates have ended , helping them stay secure . theming ability , particularly the newest versions which wrap it into a nice theme manager app . i can build it myself and examine the source , if i so choose . the extended cm settings like status bar tweaks , quiet hours , rotary lockscreen , and so forth . i like the look and feel of vanilla android rooted , not bothered by carrier updates that could break root , and some extra useful things under the hood ( like shipping with a sqlite3 binary ) .
the notification bar uses the global date format . so , just switch to the desired format from Settings ~> Date and time ~> Select Date Format . for the lock screen , use a lock screen app . search the play store , you can find many .
for some reason , instagram still pushes notifications when your facebook friends join instagram , even if you have disabled all notifications in the instagram app . to try and actually disable all instagram notifications , i went to my phone 's " settings " , selected " apps " ( under the " device " category ) , looked at all downloaded apps , selected " instagram " , and unchecked the " show notifications " option . it warned me that i might miss important updates ( thank goodness ) and i said " ok " .
it is quite easy . go to instagram app tap on your own name in stream ( or the card icon ) to go to your profile tap the 3 vertical dots next to your name tap Edit profile scroll down , tap Push notifications uncheck what you do not want . voila !
so what i have discovered so far . . . android does not have this functionality yet and you will need to install a 3rd party app to get this . an app that i found works is ' swift contacts ' . whats nice is i am able to type the name of the person right in the ' to:' field and it does a lookup and completes the email address . the only problem is i think this app will stop working after a period of time if you dont pay for it . are there any free alternatives ?
i finally did a wipe/factory reset . i lost all apps and data , but at least i can use my phone again . and yes , that was because i ran out of space in the internal sd card .
no , there are other ways to copy files from a usb pen drive to a phone . according to usb host diagnostics , the n8000 can support the usb otg ( on-the-go ) cable , assuming you have the latest firmware . just plug-in the usb pen drive ( or usb stick ) into it . this cable will cost you usd1 or less . if you have root , you can use stickmount to make the mounting of the usb pen drive easier .
since wireless charging actually stops charging at 100% , daydream will not stay active . there is a open issue for this at https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=48980 as a workaround , you can root your phone and , go to a command prompt and type the following : su svc power stayon true 
yes , try the drivers . this post looks like it contains a link to a package with drivers . try installing the drivers from the android sdk if the above does not work and you can not find anything more official .
android itself does not provide such a facility ( as to my knowledge ) . but there are a bunch of web servers available in the playstore . a german overview on androidpit sums up some of them ( grouped into suitable targets ) : webserver ( google translate 's english variant : webserver ) . some examples include static content webservers like e.g. kws - android web server and servdroid . web , plain " http file servers " like file expert and wifi file transfer , more complex things even offering scripting support such as paw server for android , or all-in-one solutions like servers ultimate .
if you mean enable web server on phone - there a lot of servers on market , but for file transfer ( s ) ftp is more usable . es file explorer last versions support this , as example , or wifi filetransfer , that less functional on device , but easier for use ( freeware version has 4 mb file size limit ) .
you could try cyanogenmod 9 ( there is a release candidate now ) : cm9 has support for the motorola xoom ( wifi ) , and the motorola xoom ( verizon ) at this point . here 's cyanogenmod 's update guide from their wiki for the xoom . you have to backup your device in advance , of course ( using titaniumbackup for example ) .
the path i have taken is to install wingray . this is a build of cm9 ( android 4 . x ics ) specifically for the xoom table . so i got to go strait to ics and keep root . just had to re-flash with this image !
answer from vi . su . in comments ( to make it clear for other users ) found out solution to this problem . in fact , this is not a problem at all . nfc device in the nexus phones is the source for this sound . when placed near a rfid / smartcard , it actually tries to read it aloud . galaxy nexus nfc weirdness
why ? it is general safest to odin to stock ( if necessary ) , root and flash clockworkmod , and then flash cyanogenmod through recovery . that said , yes it is possible ; you had need to unpack and repack the images in the correct format and bundle them in a . tar laid out as odin/heimdall expects . something similar to this in reverse . i have not had any luck myself with interpreting the image format used by samsung ; any tools i have found do not quite seem to work . it depends on your particular device however . edit : it seems we are still talking at cross purposes . in addition to the odin tarfiles , heimdall can flash slightly different compressed tarfiles and the post you linked links to instructions on how to have heimdall create those . however the main problem is still getting the images into the correct format , everything is easy after that . that cyanogenmod package contains the /system partition contents in just a plain folder ; you had need to package them into a factoryfs.rfs . i know one of the ways this has been done before is via flashing the package via clockworkmod and then using dd to dump the partition ( s ) to a file . there are general guides to that here and here . on the other hand cyanogenmod might be sticking with ext4 filesystems for samsung devices rather than rfs , in which case it would be easier to create an image directly from the files . however , i am not sure whether heimdall would be able to flash an ext4 image properly . i would probably ask the heimdall developer in that case .
if you want easy root access and developer support , it would be a good idea to get a well known android device from the likes of samsung/htc/sony , etc . i do not think there is good support for niche and low volume tablets . sorry to be the bearer of bad news . edit : you can do something like this : look up the odm of your tablet . it probably is some chinese no-label company . see other tablets which are based on it and check if you could root them .
usually , mobile data should be turned off automatically by the system when wifi is connected . if you are sure it is mobile data which is on , you could try some automation tools to handle this , e.g. tasker ( condition : wifi connected , task : mobile data off ) , or llama - location profiles ( here i do not know the steps , but it can do that as well ) .
it is the data that is eating up most of the space , at least on my lenovo p780 . the good news is that the latest version of link2sd allows you to also move data files to the memory card . the bad news is that if you were already using link2sd with a second partition formatted as fat32 , then you will need to reformat that partition to a non-fat file system ( ext2 , ext3 , ext4 , or f2fs ) . before you do this , you will need to back up both partitions of your memory card . if you are using windows , especially 64-bit windows , then it is a bit of a pain since windows can only access the first active partition on a memory card ( or usb stick ) . you have a few options here , none of them very exciting . after some digging , i finally came upon a solution on this forum that did not involve a lot of headaches : zeno 's wasp app allows you to quickly make the second partition as " active " so that it can be read by windows . you can download the app from here : http://www.zenoshrdlu.com/wasp/wasp.html
the best decision so far is : download sqlite database editor . ( root is required ! ) go to " application databases " choose : internet ( with icon of earth and small script com . android . browser /data/data/com . android . browser/databases/webview . db choose from tables - " password " press select* enjoy ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
there is no functionality to view saved passwords included in the stock browser . the only method for retrieving passwords saved in the stock browser is to open the webview.db file ( it is an sqlite database ) in /data/data/com.android.browser and look at the password table ( it is stored in the clear , no encryption or anything ) , but that requires root .
go to Settings &gt; Accounts and Settings , click on the account that you do not know the password and then click the Remove Account button on the bottom . so next time you open up android market you will be prompted to type in a new account
i have had this issue with my s3 sometimes . alternatively , what you could try is download and install the drivers from here : link . or you could also try changing the usb mode from mtp mode to camera mode ( from the notifications ) . do not forget to restart after installing !
you receive updates from the carrier . you can circumvent this by rooting your phone and installing a custom rom ( or stock rom , if available ) to get the latest version of android .
that is going to depend on how much you are using it during the day , i would say start at 700 and move it around until it feels smooth for you . i would not push the phone that high , first it is going to overheat pretty quickly , which can permanently brick your phone . even 800 is going to be rough on it so i would not leave it up that high for very long . i have got an eris ( did a little looking around , and the droid cpu is set at 550mhz whereas the eris is set at 528mhz as reference points ) so this is going to be a little different than what you have got , but here 's my profiles so you can tweak as needed . temp > 36.9 c 528mhz/160mhz priority : 100 ( this is the failsafe setting , if the phone get 's too hot it'll cut the cpu speed so the phone can cool down and prevent any damage ) charging/full 729mhz/528mhz priority : 80 ( if the phone is plugged in , it can run a little harder , but i also do not use my phone much when it is plugged in ) battery &lt ; 100% 710mhz/528mhz priority : 50 ( this is the normal use setting , which keeps the phone moving smoothly , but does not get too hot ) the most important thing is that you have scaling set to ondemand . this will turn the processor down if it is not being used . hence , on the last setting , it is very rarely at 710mhz and is most often below 550mhz . second to remember is not to set the minimum too low , or the phone will have trouble waking up from sleep . you will need to do a little digging around to find out what the ideal min is for the droid , but i would suspect above 160 mhz would be safe for you . those should cover most bases , at bare minimum add the failsafe profile so that you do not lose your phone .
phones always use more data than normal in the first day or so , particularly if you did not connect it to wifi while it was being set up . things that happen in the first day will be checking for ( and downloading and installing ) os updates ( which can be large ) , downloading and installing new apps ( some of which could be large ) , syncing data down from the cloud to apps for the first time , syncing data and apps down from backed up android data to your device . you might also want to see these previous questions for more info : how to monitor the amount of data traffic ? minimizing data usage for users with data caps
well , i am guessing you went to the " data usage " option in the settings menu in order to find out how much data has been transferred . if so , this screen will also list each of the applications that participated in that transfer and how much each one has transferred . look for the one ( s ) that did most of this huge transfer . if they are non-standard apps ( like chrome , maps , etc ) , disable them : settings-> apps-> all , click on app , click " disable " and " force stop " . or better yet just uninstall them . if they are standard apps , but you thing they are doing a lot more transfer than they should ( i.e. . chrome transferring 1 gb in one day ) you may have some virus or exploit or something like that . in that case you could try one ofthe av programs : https://play.google.com/store/apps/developer?id=android+antivirushl=en though i have never tried any of those myself so i can not tell you how good they are . one other way to go in this situation is to wipe out everything ( do a factory reset ) .
i finally found the solution , the problem is from apps running in the background . i ' . m using the s4 on android 4.2.2 this fixed the problem for me got to settings\connections\data usage scroll and you will see all app 's running and their offending data usage on the right of the screen . in my case vmyeyepro was using large amounts of background data 1.2gb in a week . tap on the app scroll to the bottom and you will see restrict background data put a tick in this box and voilà jobe done
try this : menu - settings - content settings - website settings from there you can clear data for individual sites . if that does not work , maybe look into remote usb debugging : https://developers.google.com/chrome-developer-tools/docs/remote-debugging
you can not clear website settings . this is a major oversight in my opinion .
check out this application to know whether it has camera/hardware problem - system info droid it provides whole summary of the device .
under tools there should be a MessageSave command that will allow you to export your contacts to a . vcf file , which you can put on your sd card and import from the contacts application on your phone . this is a link to doing the same thing with the goal of exporting for mac devices , but should work the same , and this is a detailed step by step to bulk export to a single vcard . both should do the same thing , and both should get your contacts to your android phone !
the process is pretty straight-forward . in outlook , export your contacts into a coma-delimited text file ( . csv ) . depending on the version of ms outlook you are running , the location of this feature may be under a different menu item . open up a browser , go to gmail and login with the same google account you use on your android phone . click on the " contacts " link , then click on the " more actions " button and select the " import " option . now navigate to wherever you have saved the csv file from step 1 and select it . after the import process completed , your gmail account should now have all of your outlook contacts . on your android phone ensure that your google account is set to synchronize the contacts by going to menu -> settings -> accounts and sync , selecting your google account and ensuring that there is a checkmark next to " contacts " . also make sure you are allowing background data and auto-sync on the previous screen . again tap on your google account and un-check/re-check the box next to " contacts " to force an immediate sync . wait several minutes and check the contacts app - all of your exported contacts from outlook should now be on your phone . keep in mind that this is a one-time , one-way sync . if you want to have any changes you make in outlook to automatically sync to your android phone , you will need a 3rd-party application on your windows machine that will auto-upload your changes to your google account .
go contact sync will sync your contacts between your outlook and your google account . your android device will then sync with your google account and everything will be in sync . you can probably find tools to sync your calendar as well , if you wanted to .
8pen has now answered this at their official support site : you are right , in the early version of the 8pen from november 2010 , we included a popup window . it is now removed , but we are considering putting it back again , as you are not the only one requesting this feature . by the way , are you aware of the game "8pen wordcup " , available for free on the market ( http://goo.gl/qvpiw ) ? that should get you quickly up and running with the new layout , so you will not need to be looking for letters all the time .
a rom that is designed to run on an rk2918 will not run on any rk2918 chipset . the rom still needs to be built for your device specifically . check xda-developers for a rom for your tablet .
i confirm it will attempt to connect all the time and drain battery in half a day in my case . to solve it you should untick the data in the network settings and check that gprs/edge/hspda icon is not visible on top next to the signal strength bars . but at least apndroid ( or manually modify the apn name ) will prevent any connection and any extra charge during roaming session .
perhaps its just hidden . click menu 》unhide
gsmarena 's listing for the htc explorer does not indicate a compass , and this post on an htc forum concurs . without a compass in the device , compass apps obviously will not work .
i think i know what you should opt for , you should go for aosp based roms ; here 's a list : 1 . cyanogenmod ( minimal but necessary cutomization ) 2 . paranoid android ( same as cyanogenmod very less cutomization ) 3 . omnirom ( basically same ) 4 . pac ( mixture of paranoid android , cyanogenmod and aokp ) ( a bit more of cutomization ) you should first checkout the official websites of these roms , or you can head to xda forums and find official and unofficial build of these or even more roms , but according to your preference look for " [ aosp ] " in threads . link : http://forum.xda-developers.com/galaxy-s2#romlist
did you take a look at cyanogenmod ? it is not absolutely stock google android experience but absolutely stock aosp ( android open source project ) experience . it means that all google proprietary additions are not included ( for legal reasons ) , but you can install them easily using a package called gapps . in the end you have something very close to a nexus experience plus very little additions that are all useful .
alas , the UsbStorageActivity does not use an intent to enable and disable usb mass storage , so there is no way to achieve this using am . it instead calls the functions StorageManager.enableUsbMassStorage and `StorageManager.disableUsbMassStorage to do its work . as these functions are hidden in the framework , it is not possible to write an app to do this , either . as far as i know , there is no existing command to do this . it might be possible to write an app that offers a command-line interface and uses the bound system service MountService to call its setUsbMassStorageEnabled function , but that would be way off-topic for this site .
if i remember correctly , you can drag the frame to the full size of the image , so that the whole picture will be selected as background .
the above answer is vague . here 's a more complete answer . first go through the wallpaper settings and open the image you want to use for wallpaper . you will be prompted to crop it . second drag the cropping reticule to the bottom right corner . third drag the left edge of the cropping reticule all the way to the left edge of the screen . the reticule should grow to encompass the whole image . lastly tap the " crop " button at the top right . it will " crop " the image to the size that it already is , and set it as your wallpaper . dénouement all this because the developers who wrote the wallpaper cropping app could not be bothered to check whether the selected image is already the correct size for the device . all they had to do was say " this image is already the right size . would you like to crop it anyway ? " , and give us buttons labeled " crop it " and " just use it " . instead , we are stuck with this thoroughly non-intuitive mess . well done , android devs . slow clap in case anyone is curious , the wallpaper shown in the screenshots above comes along with mckinley tabor 's excellent asus transformer prime wallpaper template .
it does not seem unusual to me that an app that commercially depends on tracking its users would send you to a website to track and count you , and then have that site redirect you to the real store page . if you do not trust them not to misuse this tracking data , do not use the app .
this behavior may be caused by power management features , and does not indicate a problem . try installing android terminal emulator on the phone and pinging either the router or a normal pc ( not another phone ) by running ping -c 10 &lt;address&gt; from there . you should notice that ping results in this direction are better . ( note that without the -c &lt;n&gt; option you will need to figure out how to send ctrl+c to the terminal to stop ping ; it is possible to use a volume button as ctrl if your keyboard does not provide such a key . ) the difference between pinging a phone from another device and sending pings from the phone itself is that when the phone itself sends ping requests , it is active and can receive the ping response without any significant delay . however , when you attempt to ping the phone from another device , the phone is most likely is in some low-power state , and waking it up can take noticeable time . wi-fi also has some powersaving features ( e . g . , the access point can buffer packets directed to a mobile device and transmit them only according to a specified schedule , so that the mobile device can stay in a low-power state between these scheduled polls ) . because of all these powersaving features you cannot make any conclusion about the wi-fi link quality just from ping results you show , unless you either turn off any powersaving during the test ( see below for an example in my tests ) , or at least perform testing from the phone side . here is what i see when pinging my samsung galaxy w ( gt-i8150 ) using the unofficial cyanogenmod 9 rom , when the phone is idle with the screen off : as you can see , the results look pretty bad . however , when i start android terminal emulator and select the ”take wifilock” command in it , then turn off the screen again , i get significantly better results : and if i repeat the same test with the screen on , ping result is even better : ( for some reason , releasing the wifilock and even closing the terminal emulator does not restore the original behavior , until i turn wi-fi off , then back on — probably there is a bug somewhere . ) running ping from the phone itself gives about 12 ms average rtt without taking the wifilock , and 1.95 ms after taking the wifilock — so even when testing from the phone side the effect of wifilock is significant .
the eee pad transformer will use the battery of the dock to both power and charge the tablet so long as it is connected . you can see this when docked and on battery because the tablet shows its battery as " charging " . this gets the most use out of the tablet because when you undock it , it is most likely to have more charge than the dock . when docked and on the charger , i am fairly sure that both charge at the same time . however , i have not checked as my tf is docked most of the time . incidentally , if the dock 's battery goes flat , it gets its power from the tablet ( without trying to recharge its own battery ) .
well , there are some : list notifier widget lite notifier widget lite missed it !
hangouts doesn’t use the green or grey dots that google talk used to identify if someone is online or offline . instead , you can tell if a contact is online or not if their profile picture is clear or faded . a faded profile picture means your contact is unavailable , and a clear picture means they’re online . one downside is that hangouts doesn’t support the “invisible” status like google talk did
just released today , version 1.2 says this in the " what is new " section : you can finally see who is on hangouts ! when you start a new hangout , green icons show who is on , and gray shows who is not . also of note : contacts are now organized by people you hangout with , suggested people , and other contacts . long press contacts in the new hangout screen to hide them .
done . no need to root . it is now an option in my app : powercall . let me know if you run into issues .
again something tasker is able to solve ( and maybe one of its " free alternatives " such as llama as well – but as a tasker user , i can better describe it for that ) : both apps can act on events , and execute tasks . so let me construct a fake-profile ( use it as " guide " , not literally ) : condition : received text ( tasker does not differentiate between sms and mms here ) task : mobile data → on wait → 1 min ( set a time frame sufficient to connect and download the mms ) exit-task : ( optional ) mobile data → off the exit-task is optional . by default , tasker restores the " before-state " automatically . so what would this do ? whenever a message ( sms or mms ) is received , it would turn on mobile data for a minute to download the text , and then automatically switch it off again . as i am not sure whether an incoming mms would even be signaled with data off , let 's have a " plan b": condition : state→mobile network is on task : wait → 10 min ( adjust time frame to fit your needs ) exit-task : mobile data → off this would be a kind of " do not forget me " timer : if your girlfriends mother turns on data to receive the mms , and forgets to turn it off again , it would automatically be turned off after the configured time-frame . here the exit-task is mandatory , so tasker does not restore the " before-state " .
no , it is not . file transfer can cause some cpu load but not nearly as much . and then high cpu load can heat up a phone but should not cause a thermal protection cutoff . the problem also happens when you move files with the file manager with the phone detached from the pc ?
in a normal usage , low storage warning comes up when the internal memory is getting nearly full . the most likely reason for this is the applications count is on the rise over a period of time . to know what are the applications that occupies more space , you can goto settings-> applications-> storage use . you can see entire applications that are installed on your phone ( both pre installed and that you had installed ) . together with the name of the application , you can see its size . how to get rid of this warning : the only way to get rid of this warning is to free up the internal memory . this can be done in several ways . the best would be to investigate the above said list to spot the applications that you do not need and uninstalling them . the next best option would be to move the application to your sd card . few applications , they themselves does this during installation and few does not and requires little force . among the later there are few which are stubborn to work only on internal memory . there are apps like link2sd , apps2sd etc . that will enable you to move apps from internal memory to sd card . i use link2sd and i would recommend it . it is best to try the application after moving to sd card for its proper working . the system applications are best to be left on internal storage . sms/text messages and contacts do occupy some memory but in par with the applications , their foot print is quite small . could you post about the contents of those text messages ? sometimes service provider do send few text messages for apn settings .
many times it is not the apps themselves taking up all the internal storage , but rather data they keep cached ( i.e. . not your mentioned 5 text messages , but rather things like browser cache , temporary files ( though the latter should be gone on reboot ) , and the like ) . now while you can go to the place mentioned by narayanan to check all apps separately ( settings-> applications-> storage use ) for cache used ( and tap the delete-cache button where appliable ) , and you probably have to start that way as your limited internal storage most likely does not allow for additional apps being installed , there are apps around to ease these steps : eclean is a high-rated app claiming to automatically care for a lot of cache storage like app cache , search- and browser history and more , and even claims it can do so automatically ( starting an on-boot service ) 1tap cleaner is a similar , also high rated app 1-tap clean cache has a high rating as well , and cares for your apps cache cache cleaner is another high-rated app caring for caches and history many more apps are available on the play store , but the mentioned four give you a good starting point . of course , if you are low on internal storage , and run at least android 2.2 or higher , you could also consider moving some of your rarely used app to sd using app2sd . moreover , uninstalling apps no longer used is always a good idea .
if something like that should happen , you can just get your carrier to " port " your phone number to a new sim card , and use that in the replacement/spare device . this is more or less the same process you use to transfer your number to a different carrier , but a lot simpler in this case . after all , they are the ones in control of what phone number goes with what sim . ask the carrier for a replacement sim and they should be happy to oblige .
* is being processesd by your zsh . there is no /storage/... path on your system , where you are running the adb commands . zsh cannot possibly know that you are trying to talk to an android device , so it is trying to expand the wildcards using local system paths . since that path does not exist , let alone have files in it , it is properly telling you " no matches " . you probably want adb pull '/storage/emulated/legacy/DCIM/Camera/*.*'  note the '-quotes . they prevent zsh from seeing the wilcards as wildcards - they will be treated like plain text by the shell , and passed in to adb as literal text .
if you have root , i really recommend you titaniumbackup !
i heard dropbox is a good alternative , but i have not tried it myself .
i found the answer quicker than i thought i would , it turns out i was using the wrong firmware version . you need to check the rom that the firmware is for , and apply it after the rom is installed . so my rom is sensation_3.32.401.5_deodexed which meant i should've chosen ( from here ) : firmware from 3.32.401 . x and 3.32.401.10x ruu --- md5 checksum : 74a8e07d40a42da1b4b56c224c42e692 *pg58img . zip --- --- only for 3.32.401 . x and 3.32.401.10x based roms
i cannot say for all apps you listed -- but for some , the following applies : some system apps ( as e.g. the market/playstore app ) have to be present in /system in order to work . for the playstore app , the reason is : the permission to install other " packages " is only granted if one of the following two conditions is met : it is signed with the same certificate as the system ( rom ) itself -- which does not apply in your case , due to the custom rom used it is installed as " system app " ( i.e. . below /system ) -- which did no longer apply in your case , since you uninstalled the app from there expecting the pre-conditions given , developers might have forgotten to include a check and implement appropriate exception handling -- which then may lead to the described force-close . similar constellations might apply to other apps/packages as well -- though i am not sure what should make the google translate app so special ( maybe it has some special hooks i missed ) . you could try to find out by following roxan 's advice , to integrate the app as " system app " again using e.g. titanium backup , and see if it still force-closes .
instead of doing this manually , use titanium backup pro . it allows you to integrate updates to rom for all system apps . so after installing this , long press your desired app and choose the option integrate update .
i do not you are running out of available ram . you should try using a memory booster like go task manager to clear some up .
urukdroid has a special script , /system/bin/mount_sdcard . sh , that mounts the sd card upon boot . this script understands ( v ) fat and ext4 . anything else is left to the vold automounter . archos modded vold so it could do a bit more than stock a 2.1 vold , e.g. , mount ext3 file systems . i upgraded the file system on the sd card to ext4 , and now mount_sdcard . sh mounts the sd card upon boot with the correct mount options . thanks to $aur0n for helping me solve this . upgrading an ext2 or ext3 file system to ext4 is easy , see https://ext4.wiki.kernel.org/index.php/ext4_howto#converting_an_ext3_filesystem_to_ext4 .
see if this helps : what&#39 ; s the android equivalent of /etc/fstab ? from that answer : all startup system mounting is done with the /etc/vold.fstab helper script . you can go edit that script and modify the mount with the options you want , so you can have it like that on boot . or you can replace dev_mount with mount .
there is a mode in cyanogenmod and other roms called " expanded desktop " . if your phone is in expanded desktop mode , then the navbar will not be visible ( the notification bar may also be hidden , depending on your settings ) . the easiest way to check if you are in expanded desktop is to try toggling it . simply long-press the power button to get cyanogenmod 's expanded power menu , then tap " expanded desktop " to toggle it . if your buttons showed up after doing this , then you are set ! if not , it is something else .
maybe you upgraded instead of a clean install . it will just continue with the settings made earlier . take a backup and factory reset . that will surely get back those buttons .
first , you can decide what data you want to sync with google . in the accounts settings , you can disable contacts sync , and so only sync your calendar data , which would solve one of your items . concerning sms , there are several backup and restore apps available on the market . the probably most popular one is sms backup and restore . second item solved . as for your apps settings , and " etc " -- that will get a bit more difficult . if your devices are both rooted , it could be done using titanium backup . without root it is almost impossible -- except for those few apps using the google backup api ( you can decide to have your " data " backed up to google servers in your device 's settings ) . as each app runs in its own sandbox , without root no other app can access its data .
from the sony mobile site there does not seem to be a file manager included in sony 's rom . however , many excellent file managers are available on the play store . i personally use es file exploerer for many years now and it is excellent . astro file manager is also very popular . here 's a search for many , many more posibilities
i have xperia tipo device in which astro file manager was pre installed in it . but i like file manager ( explorer ) by rhythm software which is really good .
using the trackball or d-pad for this is pretty accurate . you can easily go up , down , left and right with it .
if you use swype you can move the cursor by swyping from the swype symbol to the sym key . that brings up a screen where you can do easy cursor movements and text selection . also , you can correct words easily by double-tapping on a word ; this will bring up the word choice box .
yes - if you touch into the text on a word and hold , you will usually get a small magnifying glass bubble just above your fingertip that will allow you to drag your finger and change the cursor point . i say usually because sometimes pressing and holding will bring up the " edit text " menu that gives you the options to " select all " , " copy " , etc . if this happens , just exit out of the menu and try again .
touchpal input method has a ( similar to swype ) feature to do cursor movement , copy , cut , paste functions . you need to long press on the " edit " key ( that is the one to left of the space button , with the pencil icon ) and you will get cursor movements and edit keys keyboard .
you can use samsung 's kies program . the link below describes some details of the program . it includes backup of calendar as well as most other content of your device . what can i backup and recover from my device using kies
you dont need to rig your usb to enter download mode . you just need to hold vol up + home then plug your usb cable to your pc . if you have not started odin in flash mode or did not install bootloader drivers for the mini , download mode will not show up , and you will see only a black screen .
setting the correct system date and time . it turns out authentication requires establishing a secure connection with google’s server . the ssl certificate contains a expiration date which would be compared against the system date of the android system . if the system date is too far in the past or in the future , the validation would be failed , thus the connection cannot be established . this is a security measures of the https connection , so check your system date next time encountering such strange error message . or if that above fix is not working for you then you can try out ‘youtube connection trick’ to rectify this problem . follow the below steps – add youtube app and login into your gmail account . go through the gmail asp and add account if needed . sign in to your gmail account with your user name and the password . go through your login process and now try to check menu > settings > account and sync . select “add account” and add a secondary account . this solution will work out if the above doesn’t works .
in what country is your isp ? here in the phil , its the same problem because of the unreliable network . my workaround is to use some vpn services to remedy frequent disconnects . i currently use droidvpn , free version limited to 100mb a day . try it and comment on the result .
you can not delete it , only hide it . go to the google play website . make sure you are logged in . click the gear icon in the upper right then click settings . your devices should be listed there . uncheck " shown in menus " on the device you do not want to see any more .
i tried to do uname -a on my cm10.1 ( samsung galaxy s2 ) on the built-in terminal app . it returns : linux localhost 3.0.31-cm-g17c7b6e #1 smp preempt tue feb 19 01:11:17 pst 2013 armv71 gnu/linux kernel version : 3.0.31-CM-g17c7b6e smp : Symmetric Multi-Processor support preempt : kernel preemption is enabled kernel date : Tue Feb 19 01:11:17 PST 2013 processor : armv71
another way is to simply go to settings&rarr ; about phone , where you should see ( depending on your cyanogenmod version ) an item " cyanogenmod updates " , and ( with all cm versions ) " cyanogenmod-version":
yes the xoom should stop transmitting as soon as the headset disconnects . ( although it may start playing out of it is own speaker ) . ( and in this case it would disconnect as it had ran out of battery and turned off ! )
i go running with my motorola droid and a bluetooth set of headphones ( motorola rokr s9-hd ) . when the headphones die , my phone will stop playing the music . so it basically acts the same way as removal of normal headphones . do note , that this does depend on the app 's behavior as the developer has to actually code in the listener for headphone removal . i know this because i have had to do it myself when writing a music app ( radio reddit ) . but most music apps i have seen have implemented this behavior in their apps .
i do not believe there are any android applications that will allow you to make notes on pdf files . you might be better off looking towards a windows capable tablet , since you would be able to run acrobat on that .
i dont think the xoom can be used with a pen , it wasnt designed for that , i have a xoom and all i use it for is browsing the internet and playing games , it could be a very useful tool for taking notes and such with the onscreen keyboard and i think it is very handy to have . it has a ton of hard drive space and if you download a good app that lets you take notes then i think it would be good for you , if you dont like typing your notes and you want to actually write them then i dont think the xoom is good for that . you could try using a pen with it but it could scratch the screen , you could ask someone at an at and t or verison store if they would recommend a tablet that suits your needs .
my android 2.2 ( samsung galaxy fit ) has two installed calendar provider . when i create a new calender-entry i can choose to put it into my own lcal calender or into the "xxx@googlemail.com-calender" in the cloud . i am not shure whether this is samsung specific or android standard .
i believe user 's zoks .netapplication is exactly what is required to answer the question . if you also want the new local calendars synced between your phone and other locations ( your own http/webdav/caldav/ftp server for example ) you might want to consider calendarsync . it has a hefty price tag , imho . but it does what it says it does . and is still being developed as of today . ( i am not affiliated with the app 's developers at all ) . calendarsync can also create local , standard android calendars . and all such calendars can always be accessed by other , normal calendar applications such as acalendar or digical . if you do not want any sync functionality zoks .netcalendar manager is an easy to use solution .
you could try calapp . calapp is a ical file browser and calendar application . it allows you to import events , todos , journal entries from ical , icalendar , ics , vcs formatted files to your smartphone and browse them selectively . it has a built-in calendar to store your notes , appointments , todo list etc .
https://market.android.com/details?id=de.mgsimon.android.andtidwiki and a tiddlywiki . html + calendar plugin
as far as i know , the only ' non-cloud ' one is ancal , which unfortunately seems a bit lacking in features . ( there does not seem to be a way to set alarm or silent , set end of event , export/import events . . . worse yet , it beeps for alarms that were a day ago ! ? )
recently created localcalendar app is what we needed . it works on android 2 . x too and is open source . ( github )
please check my android app called calendar manager . it creates a local calendar database which does not sync to any cloud storage . you can use other calendar apps to manage your appointments , since the databse integrates nicely into the android system . however , you can synchronize the database with your pc using software like myphoneexplorer . note : it only works on android 4 . x+
i developed an application named " local sync " for windows/outlook systems . you can visit the website for my project to see if it suits your needs . here is a brief excerpt : local sync application implements data synchronization ( tasks with color categories , notes with color categories , categories , contacts with color categories , files and calendar ) between android 2.2 and greater and microsoft outlook 2007 and greater via wi-fi , usb cable or bluetooth ( via bluetooth pan - wifi must be on ) . it is possible to synchronize one android device with many pcs and one pc with many android devices ( e . g . synchronize android with notebook and pc at home and with pc at work ) - local sync is primarily designed to support such a scenario .
i was recently recommended colornote , which keeps its calendar data separate from the stock calendar storage , and so ( presumably ) is less likely to accidentally send your private data to cloud services you do not wish to use . it has a very clean month-view , but the day view is quite limited - you can only see the first ten characters of each item ( at least on my tiny samsung galaxy europa ) and appointment times cannot be set , only appointment reminders . so for me - a substantial calendar user - it is not sufficient . i have tried a lot of calendar applications , and i am seeing that the vast majority of these interface with the stock calendar - the ui is very good , and i should think it saves developers a ton of work . hence , you need to be careful to keep the google account sync options disabled - turn it on and your data will be send to the cloud in short order - i.e. game over if you are opposed to this . ( the google account cannot be removed from the phone , as other applications " require " it ) . personally , i am considering a good calendar app that works with the stock calendar , then rooting the phone and installing a firewall . my guess is that i can limit the applications that use google services to a minimum ( i.e. . market/play ) so i can have reasonable confidence i am not going to accidentally use their calendar cloud . i appreciate this faffing is not of interest to everyone - but i would argue the process of not using the cloud really ought to be easier !
i think business calendar may fit your needs . although it has cloud sync , you can choose to use local only .
i got this response from koush , the developer of rom manager : clockworkmod recovery is open source . however , the hooks that rom manager uses to automate backups by hooking into clockworkmod recovery are proprietary . i have told other developers , if they wish to use the clockworkmod recovery hooks , they can do it in the following ways : 1 ) build , distribute , and support their own version of clockworkmod recovery , so that i am not responsible for the maintenance of it . 2 ) use the rom manager api , which requires a rom manager premium license . the user can always make backups manually in recovery , without a premium license . basically , the issue here is that developers are relying on me and my open source work , which i maintain , to build a competing product to my paid applications . essentially undercutting me by relying on me developing 90% of the product for them . it seems pretty silly for me to continue maintaining and distributing something that directly competes with my income , so i put a stop to it . if they want to build a competing product , they will have to go through all the hassles involved with building , distributing , and supporting recovery images . so , no , those other applications are not " blocked " from creating backups . they are just being lazy , and not actually building/flashing their own recovery image . nothing is preventing them from building a rom manager clone , if they really wanted to . they are just avoiding doing the hard part . so for now , i think you are best off finding out if rzrecovery supports your device variant , and if so , using it until there is a version of clockworkmod for it . i own rom manager premium and have no complaints , and i really respect koush for the work he does .
i know this is an old thread and you may have already found an answer , but i had the same problem after installing winamp 5 pro on an android device . i had previously had no problems with winamp standard on both android and pc i upgraded the pc version to winamp pro and now it all works as expected again . so i suspect you need the same version of winamp on both platforms ie . either standard or pro
after some look-ups , i have to come into conclusion that you cannot do this . as you thought it is your ethernet connectivity that prohibits you from this . when you are using the ethernet-connected modem device for wifi , there is only one device in your wifi network . but winamp says , Make sure your PC and Android phone are on the same Wi-Fi network. note : if you really need this syncing feature , you can get a wifi adaptor and connect your pc and phone to the same network and do syncing
of course . open the clock app . on the bottom bar you will see three icons , one for alarm , one for place and one for menu . click the middle one . select the cities you want and those time will be added to the clock .
based on a google search it is either an allwinner a13 tablet or one of it is clones , but i can not be sure , since the model number is pretty generic for cheap chinese tablets . some specs can be found on slatedroid .
super easy : go to all settings about device ( in my case about phone ) then you should see where it says Model Number that is your device . mine says : droid razr m as the model number ( not really a number but whatever ) . a quick google search will give you the specs you want . just search for your model + " specs " and you should be able to find it pretty easily . edit : if the model number did not give you enough info , try searching the model number along with the system version , it might give you more information . you could also use the screen size specified in the hardware information to narrow your results .
i used android system info app and it gave me a bit more hardware information ( cpu speed , cpu chip , etc . ) but nothing definitive about the manufacturer . . . i guess it will remain a mysterious an allwinner clone . . . thanks for the help , all . . .
download the app cpu identifier , it will tell you all thee info about your device
after some investigation , i found a fix that works for me . use this at your own risk . first , the summary : the file /data/misc/rild_ril . clip is a single byte , either ascii '1' or ascii '0' . somehow this value is being flipped from '1' to '0' during low storage space conditions and causes the problem . the solution is to either edit the file , or just delete it and let it be rebuilt . the steps to fix this problem on your device without losing any data are as follows : requirements : adb or a terminal/console application steps : 1 ) get to a shell prompt . if you are using adb , it is " adb shell " . if you are using a terminal/console app , just launch it . 2 ) type " rm /data/misc/rild_ril . clip " 3 ) reboot the phone . that is it . please let me know if it works/does not work for you .
there are many 3rd-party apps available on the market that allow you to set up actions ( toggle cell data on/off , for example ) at specified triggers ( e . g . on a timer . ) tasker and automateit are great examples . if you have a specific data limit on your plan ( e . g . 3gb per billing cycle ) , a more advanced app like 3g watchdog would be a better choice . it allows you to set and monitor limits on cell data usage , and disable it when the usage gets to the threshold .
this can happen if the download cache is full or nearly full , and the download would fill your internal storage . try cleaning out your caches to free up some space ( sd maid is a good free app for this ) and seeing if the downloads will complete then .
i have seen problems when i do not have wifi on for a while . some updates are marked as wifi-only due to the large size , even if you have turned off " update over wi-fi only " in the market settings ( which i assume you have unchecked ) . i think there may be other quirks with the market app . for example , if you are in airplane mode but have wifi on , the market may think you are offline and refuse to work . it may ( or may not ) help to switch between having auto-update on globally ( in market settings ) vs . having it off but enabling auto-update for individual apps . btw i just enable auto-update for apps that i trust and know i will not read the update log for before accepting the update .
i found the answer ( whether it is the best way to do it i am not sure ! ) i removed the google account and re added it . it asked me to sign in and once i had , a page came up where i could tick or untick each part of google that i wanted to sync , ie : email , contacts , calendar , internet , books etc . . . . it all seems to work now ! paul
sync can be turned on from the pull down menu ( windowshade ) from any screen . i just found it .
while peter 's answer is correct , there is more to the story , at least on 4.1.1 . i know the op says 4.1.2 , but i add this in case some or all of it is the same in 4.1.2 , or for the sake of anyone with 4.1.1 who happens by this question . there is a global Sync setting available in the notification panel widgets . it is all the way to the right ( you will have to scroll the widgets to see it ) : from what i gather , this is not there in 4.1.2 , unless you reconfigure the notification switches to put it there . the tricky thing is , you can get there another way , as indicated in the op . this option is also available by going to Settings -> Data Usage and tapping the menu button : this is an awful design , in my opinion . but that is the way it is . what you see in the items under Settings -> Accounts can change based on whether or not Auto sync data is turned on . for example , with it switched off , the google account sync options look like this : and with it switched on , they look like this : so , to make sure that your phone will automatically sync with your google calendar , you need to enable Auto sync data and then check Sync calendar under the google account sync options ( because the check box will not be there until you turn Auto sync data on ) .
android 4.1.2 does not has an accounts and sync option under settings , it just has the text accounts , each of your account in a row ( if you have any account added to the device ) and the plus sign at the bottom to add more accounts . " auto sync data " must be enabled . go to " settings > data usage > click the menu button on your device > check " auto sync data . " autosync for each application is under each application menu . for example , if you have your google account configured , you have to select google > and there you will see the sync options . in this case you will see sync calendar , contacts , etc and their respective checkboxes to enable/disable them . check the screenshots/steps to get there : go to settings > accounts and click the one you want to setup . once inside , click on the account name with the sync icon . you will see the sync options for that account .
i just had the same issue . the first answer will not work if you updated from 4.1.1 to 4.1.2 , while having sync toggled off . the simplest solution is to add the sync button again in the notification panel . then , toggle it on from there . the settings to modify the buttons in the notification panel ( panel at the top of the phone ) is under Display &gt; Notification panel . drag and drop the icon into the notification panel after removing unwanted icons .
it is most likely GT-N7105 , the international version . you can find the other models in wikipedia .
usb devices are designed to use a wide variety of voltages ranging from 500ma to 1500ma and have been standardized for quite some time . you can generally plug any usb device into any usb cable and into any usb port , and nothing will blow up . using a more powerful charger should speed up battery charging , while using a less powerful one will just charge slower . a good resource for this topic can be found here . as noted in that article , the only real concern is when charging an older phone with a newer charger , as the battery might not be able to handle the higher current . in your cause your using an older charger with a new phone , so your all good .
make sure satellite layer is off , and swipe the screen down with 2 fingers .
3d maps includes 3d models of some cities . london is not included , yet , but new york is , as are cardiff and birmingham on the uk . you do not need to do anything to view them other than select the map layer , zoom right in , and then swipe down with 2 fingers to angle the view . ( the 3d models appear if you are looking straight down , but it misses the point , somewhat . . . )
the radio frequency of a 2g radio operates in the range of 900 and 1800 mhz ( source ) - varying from country to country . the radio frequency of a 3g radio operates in the range of 2100 mhz ( source ) . as far as samsung galaxy nexus lte l700 ' s specification is concerned , the 2g frequency is CDMA 800 / 1900 , 3g frequency is CDMA2000 1xEV-DO and lte ( 4g ) frequency is LTE 1900 . as far as samsung galaxy nexus i9250 ' s specification is concerned , the 2g frequency is GSM 850/900/1800/1900 , 3g frequency is HSDPA 900/1700/1900/2100 and lte ( 4g ) frequency is LTE 2300/2400 . the above examples clearly means that the phones use different radio frequency for each type of network and hence when switching from one to another it goes into no network mode momentarily and hence the data connection stops .
go to the market and search for screen filter . it can get much dimmer than the brightness control by controlling the screen colors rather than just the backlight .
short answer : no . auto brightness is usually a battery waster . i like to use the brightness widget , it will let you turn on/off auto-brightness or with one touch adjust the brightness to one of several presets .
i attempted to get vnc options working , but they are all buggy . in particular the keyboard mappings and clunky and the screens never seem to render correctly . i even wrote to an author offering money for improvements but never got anything back . teamviewer 8 is the only solution i have found where it actually works the way it is supposed to ( i.e. . seamlessly ) . teamviewer is free for personal use , which is a bonus , but it is by far and away the best solution i have found . it properly supports the android home/nav keys and has complete and properly mapped support for keyboard input . to use it , install teamviewer 8 on your pc/mac , and " teamviewer quicksupport " on your android device . as far as i know , root is not required . no , i do not work for teamviewer .
as you already put it into your question : you might consider installing a vnc server on your mother 's device . admitted , most of them require root access , so this could be a problem . however , at least one claims to do without root : vmlite vnc server . but it comes at a cost : there is no free version available , so you'ld have to pay about eur 6 . to give you a closer idea , some quote from the app 's description : this app works on rooted and non-rooted android devices . however , for non-rooted devices , every time after turning the device completely off and on , you will have to connect your device to a windows pc or mac using a usb cable , then run a free desktop program , vmlite android app controller , to start the server on your device . once the server is started , you can disconnect your device . if you do not turn your device off ( but just let it " sleep" ) , then the server will continue running for months , if desired . as that should definitely work , there are some other apps which might be working as well : vnc server ultimate writes the app normally requires root but on some devices it works without root . , so you could give it a try -- it is free , and a paid version is available for just eur 2 .
i do not see how the " hover " effect can be practical on any touchscreen device , regardless of os . screens on most current mobile devices ( resistive , capacitive ) can only register touch events . you would need to modify the os to treat a single tap as a mouse pointer , and double-tap as a " click " . however other gestures like scrolling , pinch-to-zoom , etc . would most likely stop working with such a paradigm . also , most mobile versions of sites disable the fancy stuff like hover animations anyways , in order to load faster .
one way to trigger the hover on links is to long-press the link , wait for the menu to appear , and the press the back button to cancel the menu . this also works in some other browsers . note that this does not work on all links . just tried on the example you mentioned , does not work , probably because there is a slight delay between the onmouseover event and showing the menu . but on other pages , where it is a simple onmouseover trigger this method works .
if you are using a device ( usually a tablet ) with a usb port , you can plug in a mouse . the mouse cursor will trigger hover events .
you need to add a gesture for this . wiggle your finger over the button in question and it takes it as mouseover . not yet implemented afaik .
as you no longer have the original device , you have lost one option : backing up those apps using titanium backup ★ root , sending those backups to the new device , and restoring them with the very same titanium backup . if you did not back up your apps before turning the device in , it is like asking : " i just burned those papers . can i still get a copy of them ? " at least the " regular " ones are gone that way , as apps2sd only moves a part of the app to your card . an essential part ( including the app 's data ) is left in internal memory . still having your card , it might look a little different for the link2sd part : here you can at least pick the .apk files from your card , as they are still there . unfortunately , the same cannot be said for their data : link2sd does not move application 's private data files ; it moves apk , dex ( dalvik-cache ) and lib files . ( from the link2sd app description on google play ) . if you additionally used root # all data2sd card . , it is again a completely different thing . in this case you should be able to re-install the app from the .apk , link2sd it again , data2sd it , shutdown the device , put the sdcard to your computer via a card reader , replace the data directories from the copy you have made of the old sdcard , unmount safely , put the card back to your android device , and start it up .
the error stating that the avd 's config is missing a kernel file is because when i checked the avd manager , the concerned avd had a red cross-mark against it ! once i repaired this avd i found that the error was eliminated !
keep the sd card when you return the phone and put it in the new phone you get . contacts : you contacts are constantly synced with the google account associated with the phone so there is no need to back those up . media : pictures and movies should be stored on the sd card which you will keep . apps : you can back them up to the sd card with a 3rd party app or sign up for appbrain which syncs with your phone and keeps a list of all the installed apps . you can then reinstall them right from appbrain . settings : theres no way out of the box to back up phone and app settings . other : there are a number of free apps in the market that backup particular data like you sms messages , your call log , your apps . . . total solution : there are a couple apps out there that claim to backup and restore the entire phone . i actaully had the same exact problem you are having back in january with my droid . i used a free version of mybackup pro back them but i am sorry to say i can not even remember if it worked . its worth a shot but use caution , it seems to have some mixed reviews .
lookout should do all , or at least most , of this for you . ( warning : market-speak follows ) your mobile device is your most personal computer . it contains your personal data including contacts , photos , video , e-mail , and text messages . backup your data and keep it safe and secure . whether you accidently delete data , your phone is lost , or even destroyed--your data is safe . you can restore any data with the click of a mouse . changing devices is just as easy and your data can be transferred in seconds .
if you are rooted , you can do a nandroid backup of the entire phone ( it is like taking a snapshot of the phone 's data ) and you should be able to push it on the new phone so long as it is the same model . additionally , if you are rooted , you can use titanium backup on the apps on your phone : it'll do both the app and the data associatied with the app .
looks like a problems with the version of swype pre-installed by samsung , have logged a bug on swype 's forums at http://forum.swype.com/showthread.php?1343-default-currency-key-doesn-t-change do not think there is anything much any of us can do now except wait for swype to fix the bug and for samsung to push out the updated version . ( just adding this as an answer and accepting to get this off the unanswered questions list , if anyone has a better solution please post and i will transfer the acceptance over )
while unlikely , it is possible that the nexus 7 does not support your local lte network . it seems like aero2 only operates lte on 900mhz and 2500mhz ( take that with a grain of salt though ; it may be incorrect or incomplete ) . the nexus 7 2013 apparently does not support either of those frequencies . oddly enough , apparently neither does the ipad mini . you may want to contact aero2 or whatever local providers and find out which frequencies ( or " bands" ) they operate in your area . it does not matter if their network or sim cards are "100% certified for the nexus 7" , they may not operate the appropriate frequencies in your area specifically . rather than ask " do you support the n7 ? " , ask them " what lte bands are operational in the area with the postal code [ your postal code ] ? " if your area should have a band that is listed on the gsmarena page for the nexus 7 , then you may have problems with your device . if not , then you may want to find a carrier that supports lte on the appropriate bands in your area .
there is a setting for lte on a 2013 nexus7 ( 1b32-4g ) . i just found it where you set up the access point name ( apn ) . just go searching . i was surprised to find it . you have to click on a lot of selections to get to it in settings then at the bottom of the first section called wireless and networks click on more . click on mobile networks , then you will see mobile network settings . in that menu list select access point names ( apn ) , you should see your network carrier such as " t-mobile us " and under it mine says "epc.tmobile.com" that was already set up at a t-mobile store when i bought my sim card and registered . then click on the dot to the far right to select your carrier so that the dot turns blue . click on the name of your carrier on the left side of the screen , and on the new menu list , which is called edit access point , scroll down towards bottom , before you edit or add anything , and click/select " bearer " . in that menu list , click and select the choice lte . it may have been selected as unspecified at first . press the " go back " button , and as soon as you complete that the rest of the list of items in field called " edit access points " fills in automatically for what you need , including the name field , which in my case says " t-mobile us " . close all screens as you are done . now it is a matter of finding out if the right " bands " correspond to get the right reception . my own preferred network selections are limited to 2g and 3g , even though it says "4g " on the label with the model name . that is another issue i am taking up with asus right now as two supervisors told me that my model number is 3g/2g , but they also say that asus will not take care of the matter by giving me an actual 4g tablet which is what i paid for on amazon.com. even though i now have the lte setting corrected , it still says hspa in settings> about tablet> network type , which i read is only 3g . i am still baffled .
it is possible that the play store is having some issues writing on your phone . however , given that your phone is new ( ish ) and that there is nothing that is going on a sd card , it makes me think that the play store is getting confused . depending on what gapps package you installed , there could be a variety of tweaks that are done to the package . i would double check with goo . im or xda to see hat gapps to install with your rom/device . perhaps removing the play store , then installing a gapps with the right play store app would fix the problem . additionally , it could be that you have your runtime on art instead of dalvik and the play store is glitching up . to check your runtime , go to settings -> developer options -> select runtime .
there appears to be a software update coming out to fix this in the " near future " . the actual release date for this update was not specified . . . here is the faq on the motorola website . . .
it looks like it is a common bug with droid x users and there does not currently seem to be a fix . see this relevant thread here .
restart your phone in odin mode by pressing volume down + home + power register and download your stock firmware from sammobile . com unzip the downloaded firmware download odin from xda-developers do not uninstall kies as you will need the driver open odin and connect your phone to computer ( phone should be in odin mode ) when your phone is detected it will be listed under comx under pda select the extracted firmware you downloaded ( select the file with . tar . md5 ) only the checkbox for pda , auto reboot and f . reset time should be checked click start to start your flashing your phone should reboot with stock firmware note : you will lose all the offline content from your phone
download a n900-cwm-recovery-6.0.4.7-kk(0125).tar open odin add the file from step #1 and click start wait till pass##
i faced the same problem when using my asus memopad hd7 . for home connection a static ip worked fine , however this was not acceptable . i did a bit of research and found out it should be possible after gaining root access to the device to delete the corresponding cache file . as i needed a fast solution i just did a factory reset of the pad , which resolved the issue for me .
it seems that this is possible for both versions of the hd ( 7" , os version 7.4.3 and 8.9" , os version 8.4.3 ) . i found xda developer forums for 7" hd version 7.4.3 and 8.9" hd version 8.4.3 . for the purposes of making this post self-contained , i will assume that you have the 7" version . the steps are : step 1: download the *root_with_restore_by_bin4ry_v31 . zip* . ( see original forum ) step 2: extract the file . step 3: this step is very important . uninstall any drivers you have for the kindle fire hd . connect your kindle to the pc via usb . press the windows start button and search " device manager " go to > portable devices . " right click " on kindle and choose " properties " . go to " driver " and click " uninstall " . then unplug the kindle from the pc . step 4: now download and install kindle fire adb drivers . ( see original forum for links to these ) step 5: now on your kindle fire hd go to " settings " then > security . mark " enable adb " - on . step 6: connect the kindle fire hd to the pc via usb . wait till automatic installation completes and kindle is recognized . step 7: navigate to the folder where you extracted the bin4ry method and " double click " the " runme . bat " file and choose option 1 . step 8: on the kindle fire hd select the option " backup my data " and wait till the backup completes ( when the backup completes , on the computer press any key ) . then select the option " restore my data " ( this will not erase any data or files ) and wait till the restore completes ( when the restore completes , on the computer press any key ) . step 9: your device will reboot twice . step 10: when your device boot select select the option " restore my data " once again ( this will not erase any data or files ) and wait till the restore completes ( when the restore completes , on the computer press any key ) . your device will reboot once again . step 11: when your device boot , unlock your device and go to " apps drawer " , you should see the " superuser " app . you are done !
most android devices are not set up for peripherals ; it would take quite a bit of hacking away to get them to recognize them . that being said , since android is linux based it is entirely possible that linux drivers might work for your device out of the box . i would rate the chances of such as being very low , however . writing your own drivers is certainly possible , but again you had also need the internal framework in place for the kernel , etc to accommodate peripherals . and reverse engineering drivers is not easy ! as for your windows ce device , it is very rare for an other os to be ported for a device ( an exception to the rule : the hp touchpad ) . there is all kinds of major issues with reverse engineering from hardware specs , etc that generally keep that from happening . xda developers would be your best bet for something like that if it exists at all .
if you want to build external devices for android , look at the ioio project as a starting point - it has libraries , etc for doing usb stuff . the sparkfun guys have a board all setup and ready to go as a starting point .
project voodoo is a community-build kernel based on samsung official sources with minimized patches . it provide few fixes focusing on file system , visual and audio improvement , without a lot of changes feature add-on or changing of user experience . in a nutshell , voodoo replaces rfs with ext4 in order to greatly boost your phone’s speed and user experience . require rooted : no custom rom : no custom kernel : yes lagfix : native ext4 user option : multiple builds provied latest stable : beta4 for 2.1 latest development : pre6 for 2.2 ;
one click lag fix a one click application to fix the io performance lag issue by using a ext2 on top on the original rfs . in addition , it provide few utility to optimize io scheduler and also wifi timeout . oclf uses a loopback ext2 mount on top of rfs to store the rfs data inside require rooted : yes android app : market ( todo : add link ) custom rom : no custom kernel : ? ? lagfix : ext2 on rfs user option : in app selection latest stable : 2.2.8
cyanogenmod is a famous community-build android rom for multiple android devices . give you a very different user experience . cyanogenmod is a free , community built distribution of android 2.2 which greatly extends the capabilities of your phone . require flash : yes custom rom : yes ( that is mean no samsung stuffs , changed app launcher , etc ) custom kernel : yes lagfix : hot development latest development : work in progress
doc 's froyo is pretty , great , and i think it is like the go to rom for the moment
you may want to have a look here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=886000
comment : you probably were unable to get it to work because you may not have had the ftp server set up first . you will need to set up an ftp server on your machine and open the appropriate ports for it to function correctly . are you running windows , linux or mac ?
you could setup a ftp server on your computer and use andftp to connect to it .
you could sign up for dropbox and install their android app . http://www.dropbox.com/android
oh -- i found it dropspace allows one to select a folder on android -- and keep it fully synced with any ( but not the root ) dropbox folder .
note dropbox has their own implementation of this , but it is not at all the same ( i recommend dropsync instead ) . you can mark individual files as a favorite , then they sync normally : downloading ( favoriting ) files to your phone or tablet the mobile app shows you the list of your files , but it only downloads the actual files as needed , such as when you tap on a file to view it . to ensure that a file is always on your device and up to date , mark it as favorite . this will also make it available when your device is offline .
dropspace has some limitations according to it is description on the play store : *** current limitation: Only files existing on the sdcard are synced. That is, it's not a full 2-way sync.  i have been using dropsync . it does sync in both directions and i have had no cause for complaint .
to download , you need to open the dropbox app , and select the file you want to download . to upload , you need to open the dropbox app , and select Upload here from the dropbox menu . the files you see on the dropbox app are not the actual files . they are only links that are in the dropbox server , which you must download . the dropbox app for android does not work the same way as the dropbox app for the pc . the pc version automatically downloads / syncs the file on your pc .
foldersync is also able to sync folders with dropbox and it supports tasker automation as well . this way you can configure - for instance - tasker so to trigger a sync whenever you connect to your home wifi . the only drawback is that foldersync is not getting updates since quite a while , unfortunately .
while strictly speaking , app recommendations are off-topic here – let 's tread it as " how can i do that " . and as this is my second question today , it is time for the app which answers every second question here : tasker , optionally with the autovoice addon for more convenience and flexibility . the tasker userguide explains : calendar insert : insert an entry into the specified calendar . ( more details there ) with autovoice , you can have a widget/shortcut on your homescreen to activate it ( or have tasker do so via some other event , e.g. " shaking the device up-down twice" ) . then speak your command , and tasker would execute the task assigned to what it recognizes . there are tutorials around also explaining how to make a " loop " for the " sorry , i did not understand – please repeat ! " case ; ) drawbacks : both apps come with a fee if you want to really use them . tasker has a 7-day-trial at their homepage , autovoice has a limited " free version " – so you at least have a chance to check first if it meets your requirements . will take a few days getting used to tasker – but once you did , you will wonder how you could do without ☺
the picture viewer of my htc desire work fine for tiff . . . do you try astro ? beamreader is able to do it , but it is expensive . . . however , they offer a 10-day free trial .
touch " applications " touch menu button touch " grid view " touch menu button touch " edit " now you can drag and drop icons to/from shortcut bar
adm only works if the device is signed into the google account that you are using in the web interface . if the device in question no longer belongs to you , presumably it will never sign into your account , so there is nothing to worry about .
*google now cards appears when needed . . for example : you went to shopping then google track your location and it will show a google now card on your notification screen as well on google now page saying that " you are _ km from your home , and shows you path to get your home back . etc . . there are many others like show you a card of whether if you went to some another state or country . . etc . etc . . it will show when needed and you manually can not get cards . play with settings in google now to know more .
on the bottom of google now there are 3 icons . click the magic wand ( middle one ) and select others . there find the topic and tell gnow that you are still interested . new cards will be added automatically once you search for them with google now . once a new cad appears tap the three dots in the upper right of the card and than yes when prompted if interested .
yes . just remove the sim from the phone . in the message settings of phone , it will show as disabled . restart the phone , and check and uncheck cell broadcast settings . then insert the sim in your phone . it worked for my phone , so hopefully it will work for yours as well .
setting - call - cell broadcasting - x
please open your stock " messaging " app --> go to settings inside messaging app --> scroll down and you should have " cell broadcast settings " option . click on that and there uncheck the option provided . hope this solves your problem .
you can download the tool minitool partition wizard home edition and make a fresh format of the memory card . here is a guide you can follow to complete this task . n . b just ignore the steps about ext2 etc . and format using your desired file system . ensure that you create as primary .
i had the same problem . . . new 32gig sd card works just fine with windows , but in my samsung s2 , s3 , and evo it says damaged , or unsupported , etc . i then read on another droid forum about this issue , and here is the easy fix : put your sd card into a usb reader for mem cards etc . you will notice that your card reader has a drive number like g : , or h : , etc . make a shortcut on your windows desktop and make the shortcut location as ( cmd ) . you may remember that cmd is the dos-box command line prompt . now your shortcut to cmd is on your desktop . right click that shortcut and select " run as administrator " . now at the dos prompt type chkdsk &lt;drive letter of the sd&gt;: /r  let it run through it is checks , etc . once done just pop your sd card back into your phone and enjoy !
for reference . i was able to fix the issue by turning off password unlock in security . i went back to pattern unlock . i was able to reproduce the the issue again . as soon as i enabled sd encryption the card becomes " blank " and android refused to use it , format does nothing . card is not mountable so it seems there is a issue possibly limited to the s3/64gb card with sd card encryption . i have not been able to find any reference to this issue else where . its not a show stopper so i will continue without sd encryption .
if your android version is 4.1 ( jelly bean ) or greater , you can find magnification gestures under your system settings . go to settings accessibility magnification gestures info : magnification gestures usage
as the error says , you have got 2 options use kies to install the upgrade . wait until your carrier 's wind-up toy servers get un-overloaded . a third option would be to obtain an image of the appropriate firmware ( e . g . from samfirmware ) and flash it via odin , though this is slightly more involved . as an addendum , i was getting this myself with my own gs3 on virgin mobile canada ( aka bell canada ) and i ended up waiting just about 2 days , from the initial reports of people upgrading on sunday until i got it late tuesday evening .
the solution is pretty simple , far more easier than i anticipated : partition your usb drive/sdcard , into two partitions , using this easeus partition master , which is what i used . partition layout needs to be one with 1gb of space with fat32 filesystem , that is for the installer . remaining partition of type ext3 ( linux partition ) . the installer , when live-booting from the usb drive/sdcard , will show the just-created partition on the usb/sdcard , just select that partition to install on it and its done .
this is most likely a carrier issue instead of a phone one .
" have you tried turning it off and back on again ? " honestly , i would just recommend restarting your device . it might just magically fix the problem . sometimes , if you are sending a message to multiple recipients , one person will receive the message before the others . your phone could have lost cellular service during the process of sending the message ( thus resulting in one person replying while your message is still being sent to the others ) . if restarting the phone does not work , you can try the dumb brute force solution : copy the content of the message . delete the message from your outbox . create a new message with the pasted content and send it . maybe another user can recommend a techy solution , but this should be enough to get you past this issue if it happens again . if it happens regularly , you should contact your carrier .
there are a few methods that exist presently ; this website offers a . zip file that contains a " one-click-root " type file , that you simply run while your phone is plugged into the computer to get it rooted . as usual , you will need to make the appropriate backups of your data . xda also has a how-to that is a bit more involved and uses some adb commands which will require the sdk . you will have to download the file on the page and then follow their method : put the phone in debug mode : go to settings > applications > development and check usb debugging box . extract the files from the zip below , connect the phone via usb , and copy them to the phone via adb like this : code : now we enter the phone 's internal shell , also using adb : code : adb shell then we take advantage of the " fake " root exploit : code : cd /data/local/tmp chmod 0755 exploit.bin ./exploit.bin now after that last command you should be back to your normal console , not the phone one , so we need to connect to it again , and doing so we should now see that we have root permissions since the "#" symbol is displayed instead of "$" . code : adb shell now we mount the /system partition as writable and copy the necessary files there , and set them with the right permissions : code : mount -o rw,remount -t ext3 /dev/block/mmcblk1p21 /system cp /sdcard/Superuser.apk /system/app/Superuser.apk cp /sdcard/su /system/bin/su cp /sdcard/busybox /system/bin/busybox chmod 4755 /system/bin/su chmod 4755 /system/bin/busybox mount -o ro,remount -t ext3 /dev/block/mmcblk1p21 /system exit restart the phone and check if you have root in a terminal by typing the " su " command , or by installing any other app that requires root , and seeing it the superuser app pops up .
if you have installed any task killer application that has super user permission granted , this might be killing all the tasks ( including system critical processes ) which might result in a restart . an eg . for this would be zdbox . try checking if that is causing the problem .
there is epub3 reader available on f-droid and github ( not on google play – though an app using the same package name exists there , it is not the same , but obviously based on the original developers engine ; long story behind that , not fitting here ) . its app description explicitely mentions this feature : parallel texts ( e . g . , original text and its translation into another language ) . find some screenshots here . picking one example : looks exactly like what you are after .
you probably want to install a script like int2ext or mounts2sd . note that these use a second partition on your sd card ( generally ext2/3/4 formatted ) rather than the main sd card partition . you can also move apps to the sd card ( settings -> apps -> " on sd card" ) .
hold Power and V- for 10+ seconds . release . press the Power and Home buttons for several seconds , you should see a samsung logo , entering your device into recovery mode . if you can get to this point , the display is function properly . if issues persist , plug in the device and let it charge completely , and then remove the batter , giving it time to discharge completely .
usually when this happens to me , my battery is dead and has really zero power to even turn on . give it some time in the charger .
the bad news : you very probably can not . if the manufacturer decides to backdoor your phone 's firmware , it is hardly detectable by individuals . phones consist of many components of which only a tiny fraction is really authored by the manufacturer . think of drivers and firmwares for various chips like the baseband , wifi , sensors , the various open source parts like the linux kernel , the android system itself , the closed source google apps and additional 3rd party packages from other other companies , that are preloaded . to be sure , you would need all of the firmwares ' source code and a way to compile it in a way such that the official builds and your build match bit by bit to prove that the source code matches the firmware ( and nothing was secretely altered ) . now one still needed to audit all the source and scan it for backdoors/vulnerabilities . to get an idea : truecrypt is a popular disk encryption software for many operating systems . in the wake of the nsa scandal its sources have recently been binary matched with the official windows releases which was a very tedious process ( report here ) . a source code audit has not been conducted yet , but there is a ( now ) still running indiegogo project for funding that audit with currently ~35k us$ pledged for doing it .
try charging the tab for an hour or so . connect the tab to the computer via usb , so that you hear it bleep and appear connected . hold the power button on the tab down for 10 secs . remove usb from tab . wait 5 escs . try power on . i had a similar problem and this worked for me . i think the tab has a battery discharge issue and turns off the display which does not come back up
it is motorola 's default clock widget . here is a video that shows , how can use this widget in other phones
go to settings , applications , click the all tab and scroll down to internet . then clear cache see if it works , if not clear data .
i had the same problem opening attachments ( . doc ) in email . i tried clearing the cache - did not work , but . . . under settings . . . applications . . . view all . . . internet . . . scroll down to " launch by default " , and click clear defaults . next , when opening an attachment , select chrome and just once ( or something other than internet ) . worked for me ! ! !
as far as i know , currently there are no android devices with dual-sd card slots . keep in mind though that mobile devices is a huge and ever changing market . there is nothing preventing some manufacturer from releasing such a device , if they determine that there is enough demand . not sure i understand the need for a second sd card slot , though : sd cards are cheap enough to not have to worry about them wearing out . newer phones support the sdxc format that boasts capacities of up to 2tb . ( 64gb and 128gb cards are already widely available . ) even with multiple sd slots , you are still technically limited in capacity , albeit you probably will not hit that limit for a while longer . it really depends on what content you are planning on storing there . obviously you would not be able to store a large collection of blu-ray rips that take 8gb+ per file on any size card . bundling a second sd card slot would sacrifice on internal space of a handset . the trade-off would have to come from other areas , such as smaller battery or other feature . i do agree that google 's push for " cloud services " ( nexus devices do not have sd card slots at all ) is misguided , seeing how most carriers are resolved to cap and overcharge of mobile data as it is . however , seeing how other manufacturers are releasing new devices with newer sd technology , and that technology is ( arguably ) getting more and more affordable , i do not see how sacrificing on internal space would be of any benefit to even the biggest space hogs .
it is about 290 dpi ( just crunch the numbers : use the pythagorean equation to get the " pixels " diagonally , then divide by the screen diagonal ) .
digital clock does almost everything you ask . ignore the rubbish picture from the page , it is a full-screen clock with white text on black and it is free . to configure it as you need , launch the app , then open the settings ( tap the screen to open the options then tap settings ) then set : clock -> screen timeout to unchecked . clock -> orientation to landscape . time and date -> show date to unchecked . you can also adjust the time format and colour if you wish . the time is about half the screen height , but i can easily read it on my phone from more than 20ft away so that may not be a problem .
i use stopwatch and timer goes full screen when you change into landscape orientation , also i used the lap times when we had to give a team presentation .
i use ovo timer : a minimalist app to set your timer by dragging an arc on your screen . also , you can set time by voice ( it needs internet connection for this ) . it runs on android 2.1 and up . the only con i have found is that it only supports times not greater than 1 hour . about what you are asking for : just display the time ( for example 14:28 ) . check . not go into standby mode . check : you can configure it to do so via preferences . hugest font possible , black on white , landscape . close enough : it rotates as your device does . also the red/white arc animation gives you a clue about remaining time . free app . check . open source app . i think not .
i use flow timer for this , it displays the ( countdown ) time in the largest possible width in black on white ( default ) . furthermore by default it just dims the screen but does not turn it off ( in the settings there is a choice to keep it at " bright " , that is , to not even dim the screen a bit ) . landscape mode ( even tablet ) as well . you can also add several timers after each other for different parts of the presentation . no interaction required , it just makes a small beep ( configurable ) and continues/finishes . full disclosure : i am the author
it is a known issue that android ( at least pre-2.2 ) does not support import of . vcf files via email or sms , see http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=3537 however , it does appear to work in froyo on my nexus one , when importing from email . as far as i am aware it is still not catered for over sms , and the thread above suggests it does not work for downloads in the browser either .
there is an app called hoccer which allows transfer of arbitrary data ( contacts , pictures , links , . . . ) by making gestures with your phone . it also works with the iphone but of course requires both devices to have the app installed .
if both droids are in the same room the following will apply - you can both install barcode scanner and then on your device , open the contact , tap share , then tap barcode scanner . this will generate a qr code . on the other phone , open the barcode scanner app and scan the qr code . the second device will be able to add the contact via the scanned qr code via the add as contact button after the scan successfully completes .
there is also bump . bump™ makes sharing photos , contacts , and apps with people as simple as bumping your phones together . how to use bump™: 1 ) open bump™ on both phones 2 ) while holding the phones , gently bump your hands together 3 ) confirm the exchange compatible with iphone too !
i have got an sony ericsson xperia x10 and while viewing a contact , i just press the menu button , send business card and choose between bluetooth , gmail , sms or moxier mail ( exchange client i think ) . i have send contacts back and forth between my android phone and my palm phone . i do not have two android phones , but i do not see why it would not work . previously i was using 1.6 which was fully compatible with all my contacts on my old palm phone , but since upgrading to 2.1 this does not work as well as i had hoped . so , no software to install , works right out of the box for me .
i have had a similar problem with the contacts sync for an exchange account . i found that deleting the account on my desire and re-adding it made the errors go away . give it a try .
i found this in another forum : go to the people ( contact list ) app go to the online directories ( globe ) tab select facebook you will be asked to log in to your facebook account . once logged in , you will see all of your contacts on your facebook account . return to the full list of your contacts on the phone and try and sync
you can try to install busybox , sshelper and android terminal emulator ( ate ) . then try to ssh into your device , if adb shell does not work . google for ssh options how to specify the shell to run with remote ssh login . probably something like ssh user@ip /system/bin/sh or try with ... /system/xbin/ash . or in ate you can specify under settings , the shell to use .
if you change csc , you need to wipe / factory reset your phone . so , you might as well download and flash a stock rom that is for india . it has indian csc . edit #1: you do not need root to flash stock rom on your phone using odin .
finally found an answer : it is not possible . samsung implementation of mtp works incorrectly so device cannot be used in standard tools like gmtp . moreover , mtp application on the phone crashes sometimes during data transfer .
i can confirm that it is possible with the i5800xxjpf update with the 4 ( out of 5 ) separate files and the odin multi downloader tool . here are the instructions of how to update 2.1 eclair to 2.2 froyo .
doing some searches to try and help some losts souls with this little phone , there is a download available on several other forums that will update this phone via odin tar files to a ' stock ' 4.1.2 firmware , it is a tool release directly from samsung and it is available on their website . xda developer thread for cwm on the sch-r740c samsung download page for upgrade utility
i finally came across servestream , a free app in the google play store . it offloads podcasts and the like nicely into the background while you continue to use other apps on the device . one great thing about servestream is it is open source , so you can play with the code if you wish .
this might not solve the problem , but it is the first thing i would look after : many carriers require specific settings in the menu settings-> wireless and network -> mobile networks . usually when you make a contract , they send you a message with the necessary configuration settings . updating your phone might reset them or require new settings . if you think that might be the issue , you should have a look around on the website of your network provider . they often publish the necessary settings and/or offer a service to send you a configuration message . also , are you sure you need wcdma ? just asking .
it is most likely the battery . it might have to be replaced . if it is literally dropping from 90 straight down to 0 , then the battery health has reached its end . if you do replace the battery and the same thing occurs , it could be your rom
total guess here : press and hold the power button . is there a power saving option in the popup menu ?
try a swipe down on the top status bar , do not you see a toolbar with a button to turn it off ? if you do not see that probably you can customize the buttons on them and add what you wanted to it . hope it helps .
although you can not find out what apps are ' slowing down ' your phone , you can find out which apps are using your battery the most . generally if apps are using a lot of battery power , they are probably slowing down your phone too . you can find the list of apps vs battery usage in settings > battery .
there is yet another aspect , constantly running background ( daemon ) services that are usually associated with network updates , mails , facebook , sugarsync , dropbox etc . . can get the juice out of your phone very quickly , you need to keep track of such ' zombie ' apps that keep these background services running . look at them once and make sure you keep what you need . be careful it can have lot of side effects . settings -> applications -> manage applications -> running ( tab ) hope it helps you .
hmm . . . . . try " advance task killer " which force stop all apps except for selected . or manually by going to application select force stop on each application .
i have published an app called wakelock detector on google play which may help you . in android , wakelocks can be used by apps to keep your phone running even when you turn off the screen . my app shows currently running apps with their wakelock information .
i found a solution , it is watchdog application , indicates wicht applications slowing down phone and kill them , and everything is back to normal !
the watchdog task manager app is really great for these kinds of problems .
you might want to give the wifi config editor a try , which gives you much more configuration settings to play with : wifi config editor ( click images for larger variants ) i have not tried it ( especially lacking an environment where i could really test it ) , but it might prove helpful , as you can adjust a lot of wifi settings for a given ap here . remark : the app has not been updated for a long time , and obviously is no longer maintained . according to the comments , it is supposed to work fine up to gingerbread ( which would be fine for the device in question ) , but stopped working with ics . an alternative could be the wifi advanced config editor ( aka " wifi ace" ) , which explicitly states : set wpa enterprise and personal parameters , like wpa_supplicant allows you to wifi ace ( click image for larger variant ) you might note the screenshot looks quite similar to the first of wifi config editor above , so functionality might be quite similar as well . while this app was last updated 2012 , it might have the same limitation : its developer could not test it on ics ( android 4 . x ) , but it should work fine on gb ( android 2 . x ) . comments give not much clue here ( except that the app seems no longer to be maintained ) , but several reports from 2012/2013 stating success might indicate it is still doing its job with ics and up .
i use the tasker application to change the screen timeout and brightness ( as well as the gps ) when i use maps or navigation . i turn on gps and disable timeout when starting maps/navigation and turn them off on exiting . tasker allows you to specify certain tasks that are activated when opening/closing and application . it has several other features and uses , but i find it works well for the problem you are having .
watch out for this , yes there are different sized cables they look the same but are not . you will probably be able to squeeze it in and it will work but may break the connector after a while ( this happened to my galaxy note 2 ) . it may have something to do with different pins within the cable itself . i found it very hard to tell the difference but try to just use the one that came with the device . if not just use a different cable but from a newer product as there are definitely different pins within the cable . best thing to do is if a cable does not fit in easily do not put it in .
it should easily go in . the ports on the two devices are the same and with same orientation of the port as well . maybe there is something stuck inside the port on your galaxy tab 3 . you can usually tell by the shape of the male port . the two slanted ridges on the size are an identifying feature of micro usb a/b . b also has two little latches on the bottom . micro usb standards a and b are compliant with each other as well but these two devices should have the exact same micro usb b port .
according to html5test , chrome for android ( as of v33 ) does not support controller input apis . you had likely have to wait for this to be implemented in some future version , or try to find a browser that does support it .
are you sure you invested enough time in searching the internet ? i just found this forum and another forum after one search . to answer your other questions : in short , you will need to use odin ( a computer-based tool used for writing to your device while in " pre-android " mode ) to flash ( a fancy phrase for installing ) a custom recovery ( clockworkmod , aka cwm ) . that custom recovery will allow you to flash a superuser app that will handle granting root access . all files necessary can be found by resorting to the linked forums since so can not host files . rooting does not remove your version of android . in most cases , it will actually wipe all of your data ( factory reset ) , so make sure to backup anything that you need beforehand . being rooted does leave room for flashing different versions of android if you wish to do so in the future . sadly , i did not have any luck finding linux drivers for the note 10.1 . windows drivers available here .
wifi proxy settings were not added until android 3.0 ( here 's the issue on the tracker and here is the comment noting its release ) . if you are willing to root your device you could try something like transproxy , though .
third party software solutions
most of the time it is problem with the earpiece , just check your earpiece whether it is working or not . try changing the earpiece
your earpiece speaker may be dead . when you put your phone in speaker mode it uses different speaker ( s ) . some people use a bluetooth earpiece to get around this , but if that is not something you want to do then you may want to check and see if your phone is still in warranty . also , depending on your phone you can try taking a small brush and cleaning around your earpiece speaker . in some cases dust and other debris can collect and muffle the speaker , and considering how tiny these speakers and their speaker grills are ( again , depends on your phone ) it does notake much dust or debris to make it hard to hear . when i worked for verizon this was a common problem that we encountered on a daily basis . hopefully , that is all it is .
you can use changelog droid app which featured one touch functionality to import your complete wish list into so called observed apps category and then you can export your observed apps to sd card ( preferences , export/import , export/import observed apps ) and sent this file ( /sdcard/cd_observed . json ) to your friends which can import your observed list into their changelog droid . yes they should install this app too , but this app is so good that they will be glad to use it anyway : ) for a few items in a wish list it is an overkill , but i have over one hundred apps in my wish list so in such a situation changelog droid is the acceptable way to realize sharing my complete wish list .
you have not mentioned which phone you use . unsure about ics , but on gingerbread , go to contacts - press menu > more > settings > save contacts to - sim this is available on newer versions though , ymmv .
google officially renamed the market ( and its associated products ) to google play , which they announced on march 6th . google play encompasses all of the content distribution/sales services previously provided by google such as music , movies , and apps . due to this rebranding , the various android apps have also been renamed : google music is now play music google books is now play books google movies/videos is now play movies the market is now the play store the last one i have bolded because it will update itself , meaning that the market will suddenly seem to " disappear " . in reality , the application has simply been renamed , so open your app drawer and look for the " play store " app instead of the " market " app . the icon will resemble the same shopping bag as the market icon , but it will be white : the other three will not update on their own , but can be updated from within the play store as per usual . the functionality and visual design of the play store app is almost identical to that of the most recent market app versions ( 3.4+ or so ) . again , it is simply a renaming/rebranding of the original market app . however , if the market did get completely uninstalled for some other reason ( not associated with the play store update ) , you may need to look at android market disappeared ! how do i get it back ? which also discusses how to re-install the market .
you can use es file exporer goto app manager ( press menu to get app manager ) There you can see list of applications installed in your mobile select live wallpaper apk click on backup you can find apk in location /sdcard/backups/apps * edit : * system live wallpapers are located on your phone in path : system/app/livewallpapers . apk you can use es file explorer for the same . but your device need to be rooted to access system apps .
it has nothing to do with battery life ; the number of channels is a regulatory issue ( for example , in the us , only 11 channels are allocated for 2.4ghz wi-fi ) . technically , wi-fi is frequency hopping , so the " channel " is a center frequency around which the actual transmit frequency skips . you can not disable that ; it is part of the channel sharing arrangement ( wi-fi would be unusable if every client on the channel transmitted on the same frequency ) . and beyond that , which channel your device uses is determined by what ap you are associated with , so you have no control over it .
try to identify the location of the driver on the system ie , windows/system32 then uninstall the software and the driver from device manager . once you have done that return to system32 or where ever its located and delete it . reboot your system and try installing the old drivers .
press menu > settings > about phone ( scroll down ) > status . there is an item called battery level , which shows the currrent battery level in % . also the part battery use might be interesting . you will find a list with items that use the most battery there .
you can try battery notif free from android market . bardcode scanner compatible store link
battery indicator is a free app that does this : http://www.appbrain.com/app/com.darshancomputing.batteryindicator unfortunately it does not replace the stock icon , it just adds another that displys the #s . i am not aware of any way to replace or chage the stock icon , even with root acess .
Settings &gt; Display &gt; More settings &gt; Display battery as percentage .
if you use cyanogenmod , there is an option to show numeric battery percentage , and numeric signal strength in dbm on the status bar
no , delivery reports generally just tell you that the message has been delivered and is sitting on their phone . it does not necessarily tell you that they have been read . there is not a way to tell if its been read as far as i know .
numerous messenger apps provide the possibility of see of a person has read your message . for text messages it is not possible to get a read status as this is not part of the sms protocol .
i am not sure if this is htc specific , but this is what i need to do to get a " direct dial " icon on my htc desire . long press on where you want to add the icon hit ' shortcut ' hit ' direct dial ' select the contact you want to use ( if the contact has more than one number , you will need to pick which one ) there should now be an icon that will have that contact 's photo and a small phone symbol on the bottom right . if you hit the icon , you will immediately dial the contact .
there are too many 3rd-party apps and widgets that allow you to place " direct dial " type of widgets and/or shortcuts on the home screen . have you installed this from android market ? in that case you should be able to browse through your installed apps in market -> my apps section . you can then look up each app 's description to see if that is the one that gave you this functionality .
it is possible that if you use the download map lab , you will be able to clear your cache ( but not data ) without also clearing the maps . but you can not do directions or search with those maps . in reality i think you had probably be better off downloading an app specifically made for offline maps access , such as mapdroyd .
swiftkey have an article on this although it is a little vague , it is seems more like they are describing how to use entirely different keyboards here : i want to use a different keyboard , how do i switch ? press and hold in any text field to bring up the pop-up text menu and choose input method . here you can choose other keyboard types , including the default android keyboard . on devices running android 4.0 and later , whenever the keyboard is on screen you should see a notification in the notification bar that will take you to the input method selection screen when clicked .
if the phone is working normally except for the power button not responding , you most likely have a hardware issue . that is , the power button is probably physically broken . in this case , you will need to return the phone to the manufacturer or the point of purchase for a repair or replacement . before returning the phone , copy off any personal data you wish to keep , and remove the battery , sd card , sim card and any external case ; do not ship those or any other accessories back along with the phone . you may get a replacement phone , and your data and accessories will not be transferred .
you could try pushover .net, which provides an easy-to-use api for sending notifications to your android or ios device . it should be very efficient , because it is already using google cloud messaging to deliver your push notifications , thus it should not have any adverse effects on the battery life , unlike your proposed solution of manually doing the polling every 30 s .
one possible solution involves the app tasker ( paid app worth every cent ; head to the dev 's site for a free trial ) . it is probably the most complete automation solution on android ( see also the tasker tag-wiki ) , and supported by legions of apps and addons if you need additional features . hint to get started : tasker can do http-get as well as http-post . it can write-to and read-from files , play with variables , and more . so for the task you are looking for : http-get the url , compare the result with your conditions , and trigger the wanted action . i never tried this myself , so the example below might not be accurate – but it should get you started : condition : time , all 30s task : http-get the uri set sound volume to x if content ~ 1 notify-sound ( specify notification text and sound ) if content ~ 1 so basically , this retrieves the uri all 30s , sets the volume to a given value ( if content was "1" ) , and triggers the alert in this case . you might need to fine-tune this concerning re-setting the original volume , and some other things to your convenience – but the principle should be clear . good luck , and enjoy !
i think this one really depends on the device and procedures involved in installing a new rom . for nexus devices , there is really no point because you can just fastboot oem unlock the bootloader and install your new recovery with fastboot flash recovery [file] . other devices , however , may force you to use tricks that require root in order to unlock the bootloader . for example , in order to install a rom on a device which does not support fastboot , you may need root in order to install a custom recovery .
i would talk to foma . i once got a data-only sim from t-mobile and my phone worked for a couple days , but then they disabled the sim because they do not allow android phones to be used without voice . it is pretty stupid , but that might be the situation in your case as well .
i assume you are referring to the htc sense clock widget that appears on the home screen ? it looks like this : if so , it is important to note that the location listed there is indicating what location the weather refers to , not the time . htc 's support site has an explanation of how to work with the widget , including editing settings . it sounds like you added a new location to the weather configuration ( which is why it separates it into " home " and " current location" ) , but it is still showing some other , non-current , and non-"home " weather forecast . for that , you will want to read checking weather , also on htc 's support website . it explains how to add new cities to the list , how to rearrange the order of the cities ( e . g . , so that the important one shows up first ) , and most important : how to delete one ; ) do not worry about it being for the htc desire s -- both phones run android with htc sense , so the steps will be the same for both .
in my default music player app [ 1 ] i can delete songs just by long pressing on the title and choosing for " delete " . are you sure there is no such option ? [ 1 ] : " play music " app on my htc one x
meridian player has a separate section for audiobooks - have not tried out the audiobook functionality , but other features are good enough to make it my music player of choice until winamp catches up . i prefer listening to my music in the order that files are listed in separate folders which winamp does not yet support . also gestures and id3 tagging , make meridian a good option .
mediascape does not lose track any more after the latest upgrade of the phone .
the problem is these apps probably store the info on the sdcard , so once you mount it , it is unable to read/write that data . there is an app that i seen on the market that is supposed to let your phone still access the sdcard even when it is mounted . i do not know if it really works or how well it works , but you might be able to try that .
stock music player does not lose its spot on all devices . i am not sure exactly which of my phones i have noticed it properly remember on , but i know that i have seen it . and winamp seems to remember its place as well .
screen protector might help protect your fingers , if glass is even and no missing pieces
if you have already allowed google backup to backup your apps , then changing settings before you do the factory reset will not make any difference . after the factory reset , when you next start the device , it'll go through the first-time setup steps again : where it guides you through connecting to a wi-fi network and signing into a google account . on the screen where you sign into your google account , there is a checkbox there to automatically restore your apps and data onto this device ( i forget the exact wording ) . uncheck the checkbox at this point , and no apps or data will be restored to your device . you will still be able to install any paid apps you previously bought . if you later turn on google backup on this device , it'll start a fresh set of backup data . once it has backed up to this fresh set , next time you factory-reset this device , the restore will be from this fresh set . ( if you factory-reset again before making any changes , or before it is had a chance to back up , you will still get the old set . )
the best way i know ( using cm11 as a reference ) is to go to settings -> backup and reset and removing the checkmark next to auto restore . it may be under another heading on different roms so you may need to look around for it . it is best to do this before you do the factory reset .
go to Settings , and under the " wireless and networks " section tap More... . there should be an option called Default SMS app . tap it , and select the " now sms " app . you should be all set now . [ edit ] : apparently , google deliberately disabled the sms functionality on cell-enabled nexus 7 tabs ( both 2012 3g and 2013 lte tablets are impacted ) with the 4.4 update . the recommended solution is to flash a custom rom that re-enables the setting . keep in mind that this will require unlocking the bootloader , which may void the warranty .
yes , it uses the light sensor , and yes most of the smartphones support it . as for how does it work ; smartphones , generally , have a light sensor located in the bezel right next to the screen that measures the ambient light together with control software that appropriately raises or lowers the screen brightness based on the measured light level . if you are watching in the dark the screen should be appropriately dim . when the ambient light level is higher the screen needs to be made appropriately brighter for two reasons : because of glare from ambient light reflected off the screen , which washes out the image , and because the eye 's light sensitivity decreases substantially as the ambient light level increases .
yes , as you have guessed on devices that support automatic screen brightness , there is a light sensor , it is typically a small hole on the side of the screen . not all phones have a light sensor ; for example samsung spica lacks one , though you can use the power control widget to quickly change the brightness .
quick notes is alright .
go to : Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All -&gt; Web [or Internet]  hit " clear defaults " and that will change it to again ask every time .
i had the same problem as everyone else and tried everything listed as a resolution . i then did the following and it worked : type in code *#7284# which will bring you to the phoneutil screen with pda , modem , and qualcomm usb setting options . click the qualcomm usb driver option and select the mtp + adb option a little message will appear @ the button of the screen saying saved , now just press the back button all the out to the normal screen . i then powered off my phone , took out the battery , sim card ( tmobile ) and micro sd card , put them back in , powered the phone back on and then plugged it in using the usb cable ( not original that came with phone ) and it started installing the usb drive and then worked . this had been bugging me for 3 months and i finally got it to work . hope this works for everyone else as this issue was frustrating . addon note ( from a user with a vzw galaxy s3 ) : this worked for me but i had to activate the hidden menu by dialing *#22745927 and changing the hidden menu option to " enable " and then entering the above code . dial this in the keypad without calling it . it should bring up the menu after entering the last number .
i had same problem and endlessly researched and did everything except hard reset . then , when testing the usb cable on another phone , i realized that i was not using the usb cable that came with my galaxy s3 i9300 . once i plugged in the " stock " usb cable , my phone was instantly recognized . why this is i do not know as the cable i had been using works on all other devices i tested . it even charged my galaxy s3 i9300 . perhaps , you could be using your wife 's usb cable on your phone . to avoid frustration and countless hours of testing , resetting and reinstalling i would recommend to everyone to first make sure you are using the usb cable that came with your phone instead of a generic one or one from a different model galaxy s3 . hope it works for you ! good luck .
just faced exactly the same problem with my motorola defy mini . . . . . so was researching what to do . . . . luckily found a solution . . . . when nothing comes in the notification bar and pc does not recognize then> > go to device manager > > my comp> properties> > device manager ( left bar ) look for your device ( it should be under portable devices and should be marked with yellow exclamatory sign ) uninstall all of them ( you may more item there other than your phone ) after that go to usb tether mode from your mobile from settings and turn it on . then the " turn on usb storage " with a android bot standing screen will appear . tap to turn on . you have to do it twice . first time turn it on it will automatically turn off . then again tap the button and this should solve the problem . ( that moment you will see another notification about tethering in the bar , do not do anything with that ) . i will be happy if the problem is solved . . . . . : )
download mpt ( media transfer protocol ) porting kit and then install it to your computer . you can download the mpt porting kit installation file through the microsoft’s official website directly . reboot your computer . reconnect your mobile phone to your computer by using the usb cable .
also experienced the same problem . in my case , discovered that the cause was from doing a backup in qpst and forgetting to revert the usb settings . i.e. *#7284# to access PhoneUtil &gt; "Qualcomm USB Settings" &gt; set it to "MTP + ADB"
update : try cleanup and reinstall of drivers as mentioned here . seems to have worked for others . this seems to be a known issue , and many have had success by using a different cable , connecting to a usb 3 port etc , but clearly , those will not work in your case . not sure what your usual usage is , but for file transfers , you can use airdroid , which connects through wifi .
generally fat is used when possible simply because it is compatible with more ( older ) devices . while this is not much of an issue today , it probably continues out of ( 1 ) very slight market advantage and ( 2 ) the fact that factory machinery is set up that way and it would cost owners to change it . in any event , android can certainly read fat32 ; if it could not nobody would be able to use sd cards larger than 2gb . there should be no problem with android being able to read your card after a format .
i know it is an old question , but i just formatted a card ( 2gb ) as fat32 . it was fat ( 16 ) and at this size the total available space is reduced . was 1.90gb , now 1.88gb . now comes in the question of effeciency . under fat the files are in 32kb cluster . if you have text document , it is probably smaller than 32kb , but it will take up a full 32kb cluster . under fat32 the size should be around 4kb , that will be better for small files .
while there is an android port for x86-based devices -- that is , regular pcs -- i am not sure if it is ready for normal use yet . even if it is , you will not get that large an improvement of battery life : android may be optimized for using little power but desktop linux has the most important power management features , e.g. cpu scaling , as well . but 1.2 hours of battery life is really bad for a netbook . since it is an old one the battery might be worn out . in this case you will have to replace it but a compatible new one top get decent battery life again . before you go and spend money on a new battery you might want to make sure that management does actually work on you computer . you should find help on how to do this in your distribution 's or a general linux support forum , or possibly on superuser .
the android os itself is not dependant on any files on the removable sd card . if you have no apps that use this file , you can safely delete the file , or even format the sd card if you want .
no . i have another sgs model and it works with no battery for a second , as long as the battery 's in when you start it up , but quickly shuts off .
it depends on your carrier 's technology . according to wikipedia all the encryption used in gsm ( a5/1 , a5/2 and a5/3 ) have been cracked ( albeit some are more difficult to decrypt than others ) . a5/2 , the least secure of these , is no longer in any gsm-related standards ( and newer phones should not implement it ) . a5/3 has not been decrypted in 3g , but people have cracked it . gprs and edge ( gsm 's data protocols ) - the " g " or " e " above your network signal status icon - may also be vulnerable . it depends on your carrier 's encryption level . some carriers do not encrypt gprs data at all . others will use the gea/1 or gea/2 - which both have a publicly available tool called " gprsdecode " available to crack them . gea/3 is " relatively hard to break " , but the recommendation is to upgrade to gea/4 , which uses 128-bit encryption . umts ( aka 3g ) is more secure , meaning that your data is safely encrypted . to be certain that you are actually using your carriers network , your carrier needs to have implemented usim , and your phone needs to support it - which is guaranteed if your carrier supports umts and your phone supports 3g . however , to get these additional security features you need to use umts - which means your phone can not be on " prefer 2g networks " mode , and your phone can not connect to 2g networks . now , as for " doing nasty things while your phone is off " - i really do not think this is possible , but perhaps you can clarify what these " nasty things " are ? and also perhaps where you have read about this . tl ; dr depends on your carrier and if you use 2g networks or 3g networks .
naturally , the app makes changes in your network configuration . the problem occurs when you do not disconnect using the exit button within the app . so it seems as if the internet does not work is because the server is down . you forget that the vpn is still connected although you think it is not . the problem occurs only with root permissions because without root , you can see running vpn services in the notification bar since it is running under samsung 's scope , reminding you that vpn is connected . when using it with root , you just do not see the notification , giving you the wrong idea that there is no working vpn although there is . anyways , restarting the phone reverts the configuration to a default state , thus solving the problem . i do not believe that the app is malware or stealing id in any way .
fwiw i have been having a similar problem , but without the modifications you mention . my process was to root , install supersu , titanium backup and then restore a bunch of apps . the first time i got the problem , i thought i had restored some system apps or something , so i reverted to stock , and tried again , but being more careful to only restore apps and stuff like wifi access points . this suffered the same problem ( but possibly less so ) . i have gone back to stock again , and i am going to try it to see whether i get similar behaviour without rooting . if all is well for a day or so , then i will root , and see if anything changes . if it is still stable , i will start using apps that utilise root and see what happens .
the crashes are caused by poweramp 2.0.9 build 529 . how i found out : the player was freezing at the beginning of songs every once in a while and uninstalling it solved the problem . no more restarts : ) maybe the crashes are caused by play store via apps that are utilizing the modded licence check of play store ( poweramp is one of them ) . but i cannot be sure since i do not have any other app that requires licence control . just wanted to say that if anyone else is having the same issue with modded play store , removing your licence requiring app ( be it poweramp or sth else ) may be your solution . edit : false alarm . the restarts have started after a couple of days , and now more often than ever .
use titanium or any other app that can delete system apps and then delete everything related to knox ( samsung protection crap ) . the freeze is caused because knox keeps trying to block su access and somehow the system crashed and it reboots . i had the same problem and doing this completely stopped both the freezes and the reboots . of course , make sure to backup everything before . from system to apps ( use titanium aswell ) .
to stop contacts syncing , go to : settings &rarr ; accounts ( and sync ) &rarr ; skype &rarr ; uncheck the sync contacts checkbox on my sony xperia e :
rom manager should not be a required systems app to run cyanogenmod . take a look at the steps over here to remove a system app from your phone : http://oldwiki.cyanogenmod.org/wiki/barebones something like : adb remount adb shell rm -f /system/app/RomManager.apk 
i use current caller id and it seems to work ok , better if you let it connect with facebook . it is not perfect but it will help out . i also use reverse lookup . it is after the fact , but it does a good job . it will google the number and quickly add it to your phone book if you want . neither are going to get you coverage all the time but it is the best i have found .
you can try screen filter app in google play .
you should be able to execute the df command from within any terminal app or via adb shell . it would list up all available file systems and their " free space " ( df stands for " disk free" ) . but you would need to know what is what there . to give you an example from one of my tablets : so just like cinderella you have to pick out the good ones , but simply can ignore the rest ( or you can take a look at android folder hiearchy to learn the important ones ) : /system is where your os and its system apps reside . rarely interesting to the end user , as it is not writable ( except you can make it such on rooted devices ) /data is your " internal storage " */sdcard* ( differs between devices and android versions ) your internal or external sdcard ( see next item ) *external* ( may be external_sd , external_sdcard , ext_sd , . . . ) is your external sdcard . if that entry exists , the one mentioned with previous item for sure is the internal one . so in my example there is enough free space available : 1 gb on /data ( internal storage ) , 3 gb on internal sd , and 26 gb on the external . as these values are yielded by the system itself , one should be able to trust them : ) remark : i ommitted some of the df output to make it better readable .
there is no way to change the limit on incorrectly entered screen lock codes , unless you make your own custom rom with this ability . it should be set at 5 incorrect entries triggers a 30 second wait period - if this is not the case then the rom maker has changed this .
there is no way to resume a cancelled download queue in the play store . you will have to trigger a restore again . the only way to initialise a restore is via the setup app , so you would have to wipe again , and then let it restore . make sure you connect to wifi in the setup this time however .
if you go into play store app , tap on menu > settings , there is the option to ' auto update apps ' and also , ' update over wi-fi only ' ( this is important so not to chew up your data plan and end up with a massive phone bill ) , it should be noted that this is in play store version 3.10.10 . in that way , it will only do it over the wifi network , and update automatically . unfortunately , there is no way to do a mass-resume of apps in bulk , the alternative solution is to use titanium backup and backup the apps to the cloud or dropbox , and let titanium backup do its magic in restoring from there onto the new handset , which has resumable download feature .
switching the primary account on google play seems to continue the auto-update process
it seems to be possible to re-trigger the app sync by going to accounts in settings , then removing your google account and adding it again from the same menu .
all problems from busybox bad installation path . . solution from here http://tabletrepublic.com/forum/teclast-a10t/factory-reset-after-every-restart-shutdown-1533-2.html if device is not root you should root it . used unlock root and tasselhof market . also downloaded and copied root explorer to microsd . install and run it . go to /system/xbin and find busybox . move it to /system/bin reboot and profit all download links are on that forum
since jelly bean ( android 4.1 ) , it is possible to disable notifications for individual apps . long-press on the notification and go to App Info or go to Settings -&gt; Apps and then choose the ebay app . uncheck the Show Notifications checkbox ( detailed description with video here ) . notifications are most useful if an app needs your attention but is currently not in your focus . so i do not think there is a system setting that allows to stop notifications when the app is closed and to reactivate them if the app is started . maybe you can send a feature request if that setting would make sense for this individual app . you can contact their mobile support team , find out how on google play .
do it in the app directly : ebay app ( home screen ) -> settings ( below wow list entry ) -> notifications -> none
if you have debugging enabled , you can use adb to pull files from the phone . if you can not remember the names of the files , you can use adb shell to enter the phone 's shell and then browse the filesystem with normal unix commands , such as ls , cd dir , cd ..etc . once you have a list of files to copy , use adb pull /sdcard/path/to/file.ext localpath/file.ext . if you prefer to use a graphic interface , install the full sdk and eclipse , then use the ddms view to browse and copy files .
onik 's right that adb is your best bet for retrieving your apps , data , etc . but to get it all , you need to be rooted . xda has an extremely simple guide for rooting that fortunately does not require the use of the screen , it just requires usb debugging . once you root and start adb shell , try entering su before anything else . if the prompt changes from $ to # then you have root privileges . if it fails , adb probably gained root privileges automatically . now you can access the full contents of the data partition and other areas normally off-limits .
did you look in your " library " ? i recently did a factory reset and i can see all of the apps that i would previously had installed , not just the ones i have only just gotten around to .
unfortunately , if you did not pay for them , i do not believe the market saves any record of your downloads . if they cost money , the should show up under My apps in the market after a fresh system wipe , but free apps should be backed up with titanium backup or astro file manager , both allow you to simply reinstall your apps at any time .
try deleting the /mnt/sdcard/DCIM/.thumbnails folder and rebooting your phone . you may need to clear data for media storage and possibly the gallery app/anything related as well .
deleting sdcard/DCIM/.thumbnails folder solved this for me .
i had the same issue . turns out my . thumbnails folder was not inside my dcim folder . i moved it back inside , restarted the phone and it is been fine since
go to your menu --> dev tools --> media provider --> scan sdcard after this restart your application .
for me , it was enough to just open /mnt/sdcard/dcim/ . thumbnails folder using astro file manager , i scrolled down and up through all files within this folder and i have seen system showing message " creating thumbnails " . once i returned to gallery , even without restarting phone , all camera pictures and videos displayed properly . you could also try opening a few of the photos in the dcim folder using astro in order to trigger a refresh .
sdrescan is small and easy to use : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bero.sdrescan if you happen to have a custom rom with dev tools installed , use that : launch " dev tools " => media provider => scan sdcard both ways hide the manual steps from you and you can not delete stuff by mistake this way .
you need to reescan the sdcard . add this line after save the image sendstickybroadcast ( new intent ( intent . action_media_mounted , uri . parse ( "file://"+ environment . getexternalstoragedirectory ( ) ) ) ) ; and add permisions in androidmanifest . xml
my answer on that other question was not quite right -- i have a us variant on the galaxy s , and the process to get into download mode is not exactly the same . i will update that answer shortly , in the meantime here are the odin instructions : go to this xda thread and download the newest firmware for your region . download odin for windows ( search for " heimdall " if you are on linux ) . then do the following : put your phone into download mode remove the battery hold volumedown plus the home key plus power . while holding , reinsert the battery . release the power button , still holding the others , about 1 second after the white " gt-i9000" text appears . after a few seconds a yellow triangle with an android in it should appear , this is download mode . if it does not , try this again while holding power the whole time . start up odin . attach the phone to your pc via usb so that odin recognizes it . load the . zip file you downloaded ( the rom/firmware ) into the pda field of odin . load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin . check " re-partition " . hit start . odin will tell you when it is done ; if it fails , reboot your phone and try again . ( this happens occasionally ) . note that if you need to back anything up , you should do that beforehand and save the backup to your pc , since everything ( except probably the external sd card ) will be wiped on the phone . also note that you do this at your own risk ; odin is very powerful and misusing it can damage your phone . i have used it dozens of times myself safely .
only one way to find out . recognize 10 songs with each and compare results . no way the data traffic results are the same . you will need some population ( more than 1 tests and take average ) in order to get some results . ideally you would test with the same data but that is just impossible . unless you have 2 devices checking the same sound at the exact same time . . . still i guess you would be able to make a good comparison with different fragments of the same song on a single device , alternating soundhound and shazam . what you really want is an app that stores the recorded sound to analyze later on when you are on a free ( or at least much cheaper ) wifi network . only reason for this question is you have to watch your data traffic , no ?
i would suggest pulling it off and trying again . usually this happens when kies was not able to properly communicate with the device after putting it into download mode . i have had this happen before and rebooting my device and trying again worked . you can also try putting the phone into download mode manually ( may or may not work while plugged into usb ) : remove the battery hold volumedown plus the home key plus power . while holding , reinsert the battery . release the power button , still holding the others , about 1 second after the white logo text appears . after a few seconds a yellow triangle with an android in it should appear , this is download mode . if it does not , try this again while holding power the whole time .
this is the latest official ainol novo 7 fire jellybean firmware ( using the latest android version 4.2.2 ) : google translation maybe required .
just flash the system . img ( one from 4.2.1 ) over your current system , also make sure you are running the corresponding recovery , radio , kernel , and bootloader that came with your takju/yakju factory image . do that and and try the ota again , should work . " flashing system . img did not wipe data/app " ( just backup if you are worried about losing data/app ) note:you will lose root or else try flashing 4.2.2 manually from here
why do you want to avoid flashing chainfire 's kernel ? from xda : this rooted kernel is for the " rooting beginners " and those who want to keep as close to stock as possible . cf-root takes the kernel from an original samsung firmware , and just adds root , busybox , and clockworkmod ( cwm4 ) recovery . rooting voids your warranty just the same as flashing does , and odin is virtually guaranteed to save you if you ignore the instructions while flashing and screw something up . you can also re-flash the stock kernel afterwards , which will remove cwm while still leaving you rooted . edit : gingerbreak apparently only worked on test devices .
i was able to find my private ip on the gsm network interface ( svnet0 ) and it corresponds with the ip i see in the arp requests as soon as i turn wifi on .
thanks for your quick response lie ryan . just to update this topic a bit i called tmobile and spoke with l3 support and indeed they are using 10 . x.x. x but also 25 . x.x. x and 26 . x.x. x for handing out ip addresses - it depends on the device/feature in use . the issue was that since the device was joined over wifi and had no connection to tmobile in theory it should not need a tmobile ip address at all . well it turns out that it is indeed connection to tmobile due to the wifi calling being enabled . still does not explained that unmarked van outside the house . . . .
some large isps/cell providers have been known to be assigning reserved ip addresses ( i.e. . ip address that does not belong to the private addresses ) to devices in their network . many organizations ( government and universities ) that participated in the early days of the internet owned very large blocks of ip address that are not being used , and their ip addresses are suspect to this sort of misuse . the reason they did this is usually because they run out of supply for private ip addresses . this workaround is violating all kinds of standards , but it is generally safe as long as nobody in their network need to access a server using those reserved ip addresses , and since these ip addresses are unused by their owner anyway , nobody really cared to do anything about it . btw , my superintendant told me to told you to not worry about the men in black suits in front of your residence , they are gardeners .
investigating in this issue , we already have a lot of broken screen questions providing some clues : you could hook your device to your tv screen via hdmi . this should mirror its ( invisible ) screen . of course this would require your screen at least to respond to touch events . airdroid might provide some help , as it allows to manage your device for many things , and also advertizes to stream the screen of your android in nearly real-time you could use some vnc server , and start it via adb as described in broken screen + using adb shell to run vnc server the latter obviously was the solution fitting you best , as you reported having done exactly that with vmlite vnc server . not the cheapest solution ( this app comes for about us$ 8 ) – but certainly cheaper than paying off a tech : )
you can fix the input text prediction by following : adding a new spell-checker to motorola moto g you can not add polish to the list of spellcheckers , but too be honest i am not sure where these are used . google keyboard ( which needs to be installed to use the text prediction in this language ) lets you download a lot of dictionaries .
use the original odin firmware and flash it to stock via odin .
some resources i have found regarding nfc tags seems to indicate this would not be possible : nfc chip types the highest memory available is only about 7600 bytes . which is quite a bit more than most apks . nfc data exchange format the standardized data format specification that is supported by nfc devices . at a basic level , an ndef record contains two components : ( 1 ) the data and ( 2 ) a descriptor of that data which is used to contextualize the data . [ . . . ] ndef supports a fairly limited set of actions . more complex actions can be implemented with customized software running on the touching device . so the default actions that may be supported by nfc devices are : url text email vcard phone sms uri in order to support a non-standard action , you would have to completely implement that in a separate app . then to transport your apk , it would have to be within the data limitations of all modern nfc tags .
i would say this is solvable with an automation tool like tasker , llama and co . rawly described profile : condition : headphones plugged action : set audio level to x where " audio level " in many cases ( at least with tasker ) can be defined more specific ( e . g . different levels for notification , alert , incoming call . . . ) -- and " x " being the specific level you had like it to have . this done , everytime you plug your headphones in , you will have the same media volume you have defined .
there is an xposed module to fix that : http://repo.xposed.info/module/com.pyler.nosafevolumewarning it does the trick for me on the galaxy nexus i have plugged into my sound system .
anything can go wrong , including issues that permanently brick the device . that said , galaxy s devices are compatible with a tool called odin that can fix all but the worst problems . example process . i personally flash pretty much anything i feel like onto my vibrant , and odin has saved me many times . i would not hesitate to flash something i wanted to try out , but you may wish to be more cautious .
short answer that very much depends on your device , as the rooting process often is device specific . following up to the rooting tag wiki will give you some basic info , and also provide a link to our rooting index , which might even already include a link for your device . tl ; dr basically , rooting just means to push a binary ( su ) and a helper app ( superuser / superuser or supersu ) to the system partition . so as compro01 wrote in his comment on your question , you are " customizing your rom " somehow . on most devices that is all you need , though how that is accomplished is a different thing , as it is a little chicken-and-egg : you want to gain root permissions on your device – and for that , you first have to push those two files to /system , which only can be done with root permissions . so in most cases , this requires some " hacking " , which is what sparx refers to in his answer might cause your device to be unusable . i rooted several devices already , and when sticking to the instructions the device should not become " unusable " ( though i admit there might be rare cases ) . i had it once a device became instable ( apps crashing , device rebooting itself multiple times a day ) , but that was easily cured by a factory reset .
in theory - yes . in practice , it varies from device to device - a very common way of an end-user obtaining root is to flash an insecure kernel . this can be a standalone kernel or a pre-rooted kernel + rom combination . for certain devices , there are also available a number of 3rd party " one-click rooting " apps . that being said , rooting might cause your device to be unusable ( if not done correctly or something unexpected occurs ) , so read the instructions carefully before proceeding and always backup your data to an external source like dropbox or to your pc before you begin . here 's a link ( unverified ) on how to root your verizon stellar .
the answer is yes . it is not mandatory for you to install custom rom for rooting your device . rooting process is a actually you are getting all the privileges of your phone . so it is not necessary to install custom rom steps to do rooting : find root files for your android device on the internet ( every phone has a different root file ) . place it in your sdcard reboot your phone in the boot loader mode . select file from the boot menu hit install . i can help you in your rooting process if you tell me which device you are using . here is an unverified way to do it ( samsung steller ) .
effectively nothing . the two desktop torrent clients , utorrent and bittorrent used to be developed by two separate groups . late 2006 , µtorrent was purchased by bittorrent inc . since then , they started shipping bittorrent as a re-branded utorrent , but also kept utorrent around . wikipedia because of this , they maintain one program , but have two versions separated only by name , and it seems as though they carried this over to their android apps as well .
the lock icon when you turn on your phone shows that the phone 's bootloader is unlocked and does not show if it is rooted or not . just use the tool to you used to root and unlock the bootloader to unroot and re-lock the bootloader it . for info about the razr xt910 have a look at this link by flashing a rom or rooting your razr voids motorola warranty terms . even if you flash the same rom your razr came with . 3 . all the devices are divided by regions . this means you can only flash a stock rom designated for your razr region . common regions are : latam ( latim america ' n canada ) - europe - asia - pshasia - me - china - korea - japan ( *
have you accidentally locked the desktop ? the option to " unlock desktop " should be on the menu ( possibly under the " more " option ) .
i think the easiest way would be to find a textarea where you can input big text , and then just take a screenshot and upload it to what the font . that is probably the easiest way .
the default font in android devices is called droid . i think droid sans might be what you are looking for .
if you are looking for the name of the font you have changed to , you can use the website what the font .
i do not think there is such option in android , but if you know your phone 's model you could always google it . for instance , if you look at wikipedia article about galaxy nexus , you would see that it supports all four gsm bandwidths ( 850/900/1800/1900 ) . just have a look at " compatible networks " section in the box on right side .
wikipedia and the xda-developers wiki should be a good resource : gt-i9250 on xda wiki gt-i9250 on wikipedia
tablets have larger screens , and often more powerful cpus , than phones , which vastly increases power consumption . in order to provide the battery life expected , tablet batteries have much higher capacity than typical phones , and would charge at an unacceptably slow rate with a 5v , 550ma charge provided by a usb 2.0 computer port ( some wall chargers are 850ma or 1-2a ) . at 550ma and 5v , you are getting 2.75 watts ( volts x amps ) , at 2a , you are as high as 10 watts . charging at a higher voltage allows a faster charge while keeping the current down , which minimizes the need for heavier conductors in the cable , etc . the asus charger used with the transfomer series , for example , uses 1.5a at 15v , which provides 22.5 watts . i believe the ipad charger has similar characteristics . each of these uses a proprietary connector which provides a signal to the charger that it can safely output the higher voltage , which reduces the risk of damaging other equipment by connecting it to the higher voltage charger . the asus will charge , albeit very slowly , from a computer usb port using the proprietary cable ; the same may be true of other tablets . edit : an additional factor is the maximum current rating of the pins in the usb connector . this article states that the maximum rated current on pins 1 and 5 of a micro usb connector is 1.8 amps for a total of 9 watts . currents beyond that amount run the risk of overheating the pins .
the google nexus 7 charges from its micro-usb port . i am not sure if it'll charge plugged into a computer usb port , but plugged into the wall , it works great .
the usb spec specifies that the power supplied over usb shall be ~5v dc , which is fine . a single usb device ( e . g . your tablet ) may draw up to 500 ma of power in usb 2 and 900 ma of power in usb 3 . this is the issue - it is workable but not ideal . using a usb cable as a power connector between a tablet and the ac adapter that came with the tablet is a different story - they can do anything they want - but charging from a usb port is governed by the above limitations .
i suggest downloading lookout security from the play store and running a complete scan of your device . it should notify you of any malware , riskware , etc . on your system . try it out and let me know what you come up with ! best of luck .
the problem you mentioned can be caused by the following : your micro usb port in the phone has some moisture . your micro usb port connection is loose . if it happens normally which is not your case , it can be caused if there is moisture on your screen or droplets of water . try testing if this happens while using the mobile with charger connected . if it does , it is definitely the micro usb issue .
1:you could try to use a different usb cable , as this will sometimes interfere with the hardware . 2:try connecting on a different usb post ; the individual port could be malfunctioning 3: have your phone already unlocked and turn off the screen sleep : go to > settings | then either > display settings > sleep > never turn off screen general settings > sleep > never turn off screen
to use the mhl output of the phone ( using micro usb connector ) you need to either have a device ( such as a tv ) that supports mhl directly , or use a dongle to convert mhl to some other standard ( such as hdmi , vga or composite ) that you can use with your device . this is done entirely in the dongle . so as long as your device outputs mhl and you have the dongle , it should work just fine . currently the only dongles in the market are mhl to hdmi ( although there are mhl to vga and composite coming to the market soon ! ) . so , you can not wait for the new dongles , you have to get another dongle/box that converts hdmi to composite and connect it to your mhl-hdmi dongle .
i found it on the sd card in the folder " tunnybrowser " . . .
applications store their data in a folders named after their package . these folders are located in data/data . the easiest way to find out the package name is to look at the play store url . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=mobi.mgeek.TunnyBrowser  the package name is the part that comes after id= . you can see that dolphin 's package name is mobi.mgeek.TunnyBrowser , so the full path is : /data/data/mobi.mgeek.TunnyBrowser 
/data/data/mobi.mgeek.TunnyBrowser
teamviewer may be an option . you can remote into your tablet using teamviewer on your laptop , to the teamviewer app on your n10 . this is the only option i can think of . this would not however allow to directly circle say an icon on your desktop , for that you would need some sort of overlay application for your laptop .
in my experience as a phone technician , that kind of issue is most often the battery . there will usually be a 0-2% drop after a bat pull because of the required power for boot up . does the battery have any sort of swelling to it ? if so then it is undoubtedly the battery .
please erase all data and the dalvik-cache ( if you have recovery ) . are you using the stock or custom rom ? this looks to me like a bug in the rom to do with nfc - this is the only reason the device would lock up like that . if you are using a custom rom , i suggest you contact the rom developer with the logs , if not , check for a software update . edit : the nfc service will only run if nfc is enabled - if you disable it , and then reboot , it should no longer be active . if it is you can kill it via Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;Running .
the stock android keyboard does not have abc layout . however , there are some keyboard apps which have abc layout . slideit english - abc pack is an example . you can find some more if you search for " abc keyboard " on google play .
i published an alphabetical keyboard that is now available on google play and androidfreeware .net.
the stock , aosp android keyboard does not have the abc ' old fashioned ' keyboard layout , however some manufacturers package their own ime ( keyboard ) , that comes with this feature . some manufactures are lg , and sony ericsson that do this ( sony ericsson xperia devices do ) . afaik the stock samsung ime does not come with this option - however , you can download 3rd-party ime 's that have this layout format .
there is a keyboard available that is on the app store , it is designed for dyslexics who have difficulty in recognizing the letters , the problem with the qwerty layout is that dyslexics cannot " see " the letters and looking all over the keyboard for it , have a mate who suffers from it , and this was born out of the idea when i watched him struggle with the touch keyboard . this keyboard is actually from stock aosp gingerbread source , with letters re-arranged into abc layout . it is available here on play store . edit : disclosure , i am the person responsible for the aforementioned app .
stock browser ( the one with blue icon ) from android jellybean supports offline reading with saving web pages . . menu-> save for offline reading opera mini for android also supports saving web pages menu-> saved pages-> save
all the below apps are free and on google-play-store you could use google chrome beta which supports offline web pages . this article entitled 4 hidden settings to make chrome for android even better mentions this . here is the relevant extract : make web pages accessible offline ever surfing the web from your phone and suddenly find yourself in a dead-zone with no connection ? this next setting will let you continue to view content , provided you have opened the page before and have a cached version of it on your device . to enable it , head back into the chrome flags section and find the option called " enable offline cache mode . " tap enable and restart . from xda developers best android browser for offline reading thread : firefox can save pages as pdf there is offline browser which could be very useful to you . dolphin browser hd has offline support . xda also mentions opera mini and boat browser , but i have not used them in many years . alternatively to a browser , something like pocket can save things for offline use , as a specific function so you can use any broswer you want !
unfortunately , as the comments state , there is currently no way to automate this - and i for one wish there was , as i find myself deleting loads of folders as well . you should do it manually - but methodically , and it starts to seem to take a lot less time , as you start to think about it . one thing to look out for is folders for game apps that you installed , as they may contain the downloaded game data - which can be quite large , which you may wish to keep incase you want to install and play the game again . like izzy mentioned , sd maid finds some of the orphan files for you - but not all .
there is no need to run your own ota server . you can use the infrastructure from https://www.otaupdatecenter.pro
have you tried to wipe your data/cache + dalvik ? for my experience , sometimes the black-screen is due to a bad-flashing procedure ( not your fault ) when something goes wrong . if you did not tried yet , try and let me know ! regards , luca
i ended up flashing the stock rom ( using sammobile.com ) back again and using the stock recovery to do a factory reset as the team win recovery format did not do anything . that did the trick , but of course all data is gone too . oh well .
actually that would be hard as google has banned applications which provide rooting for device warranty concerns . so actually you should search a bit on google and you may get a site providing easy rooting tools . but you will need a pc .
you may want to look at this question : how can i root my sony ericsson tipo dual ? the short answer is no , you need a computer .
Framework-res.apk basically contains the elements of the graphical user interface for the phone . this file is available at /system/framework/framework-res.apk . poking in this file would mean changing the complete look and feel of your device . since it is the main element of your screen , replacing it directly by pushing it through adb would lead to soft-brick . therefore , this apk should carefully be modified and replaced using the recovery module of the phone . check this link for details on the same : modifying the framework-res . apk ( theming the ui )
from my coding experience , i can say the following as my understanding : if you are familiar with application development terminologies , this framework-res . apk is just a resource library . continuing with that assumption , other modules , libraries depend on this file to get images , sound etc . for example the boot animation sound is embedded in this file . every resource will generally be given an identifier through with the other modules load and they will just assume or take it for granted that such resource will be available in this file . generally there will be a manifest file which will index all the resources ( images , sounds etc ) against its identifier . the code segments that maps the resources against its identifier and that fetches the requested resource will be compiled against one platform/version/library and hence tweaking and recompiling if not done carefully will make the framework-res . apk incompatible with its consuming modules . depending on how things are implemented , you would get away with an error , but developers can not expect to verify everything and they have to take certain things for granted ( like presence of a resource as it is they who had planted it ) . hence usually the consuming module freezes and hence the whole phone appears to be frozen as system modules as well depends on this apk .
technically , its possible . you can visualize it with play store scene : play store can silently install ( when you send signal from web interface ) and update apps without owner 's knowledge . mobile providers can also do this as long as their trojan app comes pre-installed with device . they can push and install an app to listen your voices . how to block it ? root your device and hunt down all apps from mobile providers which could do such nasty things . google can help . either remove them from system or block their access to internet using firewall ( there're many firewall apps in play store ) . flash a fresh new custom rom like cyanogenmod etc .
yes . carrieriq , smithlogger , htc logger , and a couple of other things are installed onto the device by the carriers . iphones are stuck with ciq , with nothing more than the mere delusion it is not there or that they can get rid of it when , in fact , they cannot however , you can get this , which is more helpful if you are rooted , but even without root privileges , it can point you to the opt-out screen for any logging service that may be on your phone . furthermore , all this news talk about malware on androids is crap . you have to install said " malware " - but the " malware " barely even exists . so long as you pay attention to what permissions each app you are installing has , you have no chance of anyone leveraging your phone to spy on you .
ahh , schneier on security , unvy gb gur xvat . :- ) tl ; dr it may be possible , no one can say for sure . and since no one knows if it is possible you can not block it , because you do not know what and therefore how to block . but first , let use investigate the statement step by step : note that the article is from 2006 . . . said mobile providers can . . . google is certainly able to do so , if you are using a google services enabled device ( usually the ones with " by google " on the back ) . but basically every hardware/software manufacturer , whose parts are placed within smartphone ( or traditional mobile phone ) , is able to install backdoors in his products , which could by used third parties to manipulate the device . either because they bought this access or because the manufacturer is forced to , for example by a ( secret ) government regulation . . . . " remotely install a piece of software on to any handset , . . that is possible and every time you install an app over the play store web interface you use this technique . . . without the owner 's knowledge , . . usually you will see visual feedback about the installation process , at least until it is running . but the notification about the new app stays in the notification bar . but no one can rule out that there is a silent install method too . . . which will activate the microphone even when its owner is not making a call . . . android apps are able to activiate the microphone if they have the permission to to so . but if the app came with a silent install method , who knows if the permission for the microphone was also silently given ? and now , how can i protect my privacy ? as soon as you buy a piece of hardware/software without having the ability to verify the hardware and software components for surveillance backdoors , you are lost . but there are alternatives . there have been attempts to create open source hardware and software for smartphones . therefore allowing you to review the components for unwanted modules . see for example opoenmoko .
to answer this question : is this possible one android phones and is there a way to block it ? recently , as far back as the start of this year , there was uproar over a small piece of software which was hidden in certain handsets , and was able to monitor everything - the infamous carrier-iq . a bit about the carrier-iq as quoted from wikipedia it provides diagnostic analysis of smartphones to the wireless industry . the company says that its software is deployed in over 150 million devices worldwide . thing is , no one really know for certain if they actually did , as the security world got " excited " about it and started to slam-back on the manufacturers - apple , htc , samsung , sony , to name but a few . and exposed the ruse behind it , all of a sudden that hype fed its way into the android world , and guess what happened - an app appeared on the google play store , carrier-iq detector . what i was emphasizing , is how the paranoia made its way into the norms of human emotions - yes , a lot of people were really mad and demanded to know - was there a breach of privacy ? by the way , if you look on the main carrier-iq site here , there is a ticker that states as of now , 147,918,175 handsets deployed . . . . ( ok , am not really sure if they are trolling us with that ticker but questionable as it was stated on the wikipedia that is " deployed in over 150million devices " heck it aint even there ! ! ! ) yes it is quite possible that there are back-doors available to do just that kind of thing , and is commonly associated with stock roms straight from the factory ! zte had one , and was reported a while ago and its publicly available on pastebin . for the sake of historical information , i will quote it here in case it gets lost . the zte score m is an android 2.3.4 ( gingerbread ) phone available in the united states on metropcs , made by chinese telecom zte corporation . there is a setuid-root application at /system/bin/sync_agent that serves no function besides providing a root shell backdoor on the device . just give the magic , hard-coded password to get a root shell : $ sync_agent ztex1609523 id uid=0 ( root ) gid=0 ( root ) nice backdoor , zte . it does show one thing and one thing alone , stock roms ! all too often people can be naive in thinking that just because its " stock rom " , it does its job . now , not to induce fear or paranoia into anyone , which i certainly would not wish to do so , it helps to have a cool collected thoughts about this . the dose of reality will hit home , once you realize how , custom roms have a better advantage over stock roms , they are compiled from source code and is publicly available , such as cyanogenmod , aosp , caf , aokp ; rest assured , you will be equally better off with those roms in the long term . why ? for the most part those custom roms would be rooted anyway , which will enable you as a user , to have a tight rein on the handset in the way you want it , not some fancy-schmancy stock skin on top of the rom , such as htc sense , samsung touchwiz , sony timescape etc . and if the developer of said rom is trusted to be good , i.e. good community feedback , then yes you would be pretty safe . what you can do to re-inforce the belief that a custom rom is better than stock any day is this , knowing that the rom is rooted , you can use droidwall/hi-surfing , or another type of firewall , to block access to those " sneaky " apps like that . that will put in a level of assurance , but having said that , its not about justifying why having a rooted rom in the first place , rather its , to empower yourself over the handset and use it in the way you want . if you do not like an app , uninstall it , if an app requires root - then so be it . it does make you think and ponder for a bit in why carriers would rather have you to be stuck with a stock rom , and a locked bootloader i.e. " rooting will void the warranty " , " unlock the bootloader - you are on your own " , but there is always two sides to the same coin , if anyone can get their hands on a handset , and unlock the bootloader , it will simply factory reset and wipe the data upon unlocking and reboot ! so you can see how , from a security viewpoint in what is going on and the decisions involved . i know , when i made a rom for zte blade , i was trusting that the source does not have any malicious code , well , it was coming from aosp source on google and yes , its rooted , and users feedback is good . there is a lot of thought in what was said , and yes , that kind of thing can be blocked - if you want to be really secure - block the following under droidwall here , download manager , downloads , drm protected content storage , media storage . google services framework , network location , google calendar sync , google contacts sync . and finally , block the linux kernel as well . with those criteria selected , you will most certainly not be able to download remotely nor sync either . also , pay attention to the permissions that is asked for by the app on google play store , be prudent and you will have nothing to fear .
i guess there must be a backdoor for this because i have read in a news article that it will be possible to upgrade ( officially ) the os on samsung galaxy without connecting it with a usb cable to another computer by means of a new " kies " app from samsung . so , it is possible for an app ( in this case , at least the kies app ) to re-install the os . but this backdoor might be well-protected ( requiring cryptographic signatures from samsung perhaps -- just a guess ) . and the article told that one should install the " kies " app ( if it is not present ) through the " samsung apps " app . ( i have not tested this myself because i have been using the device without a sim-card , but the " samsung app " app wants a sim-card . . . ) so , it is possible to install an app that will be able to re-install the os . but this backdoor might be well protected ( perhaps , only an app from samsung can do this ) .
use rom manager app . it can install roms from sd card . you can download your favorite roms using it , too . and , samsung galaxy s is officially supported by it .
( i have read it must be possible to flash an update stored as a file on the device in a recovery mode . ) indeed , " procedure b : ( does not require adb ) " from galaxy s i9000 howto section ( on forum . xda-developers ) must enable me to re-install the os without a usb cable on a non-rooted samsung galaxy s : copy the customrom/root file to the "/sdcard/" folder on the phone and ( if not already the case ) rename to " update . zip " restart in recovery mode by pressing an holding volumeup+home+power . wait for the recovery screen en select " apply : /sdcard/update . zip " wait for it to finish and reboot .
you can use the code *#*#4636*#*# in caller app , you will find a menu called ' testing ' , enter in phone information and then in ' set preferred network type ' select ' wcdma only ' or ' gsm only '
i have a samsung galaxy s4 , and nova is surprisingly snappy on it . you can change how fast the animations / transitions are . in my case , i set it to faster than light . if you are not content with that , you can go further and disable animations / delays via the phone 's Developer options settings .
idk if wp8s have this feature , but is there a way to save your messages to the sim ? that is assuming you will be keeping the sim .
as the op found a solution , but missed to make it an answer , let me transfer it here : i solved my problem exporting sms to csv by nokia suite and then importing it to my device using sms tools - all in one application .
using the ls command , you can find out the owner ( and group ) of those directories . following this with a ls on /data , and watching out for the same ownership , you should find only one hit , reveaing the package name of the corresponding app – which you then can use on the google play website to find the matching app ( by placing the found package name after the id= part of the url ) . as access to the /data directory is restricted , the above commands must be executed with root privileges .
applock is a legitimate app , considering that you opted to install it . it allows the device owner to assign a password to any app , settings area , or even google play thereby making it possible ( for example ) to lend the device to a young child without having to worry about the youth accessing those apps , settings or store . the app works as defined . i would therefore not consider the directories as suspicious , if they indeed are owned by applock as a previous post clarified .
after a grep through dumpstate logs in /data/log , i noticed that the sqlite3 file was being accessed by com.domobile.applock .
on the versions of the play store with the new " simplified " permissions dialog , you can still find a full list of permissions from the app 's store page ( the screen with the icon at the top , description , screenshots , and c . ) . scroll down to the bottom of the page . under " additional information " you will see " permissions " with a link " view details " . click this link to see a dialog with the list of individual permissions . in particular , an sms app might have permissions " edit your text messages " , " receive text messages " , " read your text messages " , " send sms messages " , each one saying whether it applies to sms , mms , or both . they are pretty self-explanatory on the face of it , but there are some subtleties . " receive text messages " means the app will be notified ( by android ) of a new message as soon as it arrives . this is normal for an sms app , or for a few apps that use a special sms to validate your phone number with some online service ( such as facebook ) . in contrast , " read your text messages " lets an app get data from android 's database containing your message history . this means it can see messages sent from different apps , or messages you sent or received before you installed the new app . any text message you can see in the stock sms app , this app will also have access to . again , this is normal in an sms app . " edit your text messages " gives the app write access to that same database . for example , the app uses this to save messages or drafts to your message history . again , this is completely normal for an sms app . but it could also be used for an app that illicitly sends premium sms messages to delete the records afterwards . like any permission , it comes down to trust . it is on you to decide if you trust the author of this app to only use these abilities the way you want : not just now , but in future versions of the app too until you you uninstall it .
note : techicnally you probably couled use a fat32 partition but i have had issues on several devices . for Link2SD you need 2 partitions : 1 ) fat32 this is your file storage , photos , media etc . 2 ) ext3 ( or ext2 or ext4 , but 3 has always worked for me ) partition . this is the part this will be recognised as new ' internal memory ' . there is a full tutorial on xda here and the keypoints are : next , create an ext2/ext3/ext4 partition ( i suggest ext2 cause it works on all roms and kernels ) . this is where your apps will go . i suggest a value of 512mb would be big enough . personally i use 1024 mb . open link2sd . you will be prompted to choose between ext2 , ext3 , ext4 and fat32 . select the one you used . it will say mount script created . reboot your phone now go to Link2sd &gt; Settings &gt; Check the autolink ( to automatically move apps upon installation ) to check your memory , select “storage info” . this will show you the current state of your internal memory , fat32 , and ext# partition .
while it is hard to say why that happened last night beyond some guessing , it is possible to track down any future issues . install betterbatterystats ( it is open source , and it is available for free outside of the market if you are comfortable installing apks from " unknown sources" ) and let it track your usage . it will give you more detailed information on what exactly is using your battery by way of cpu time . my guess is you had an application that kept waking the screen .
keep in mind that on the battery usage screen even though per-app breakdown always adds up to 100% , it does not represent the full capacity of your battery , but rather only the used portion . in other words , if your phone is reporting current battery level of 65% , the breakdown is for the other 35% . since nothing really happens overnight , it is not unusual for the " screen " to be shown as taking 90% ( again , that is 90% of the used up 35% ) . that just means you have used the screen for a little bit , and then nothing else consumed too much battery . it is possible that you had too little charge left over from the day before and not having the phone plugged in overnight pushed it over the edge .
i had a similar issue right after the update . my situation was far worse . if i were to receive a call from ' specific ' contacts , the phone would crash ( com . android . phone module ) and i would not be able to answer it , let alone identify who was calling . the simple solution for this problem is to export all your contacts onto your internal sd card . transfer them over to your computer and import them by kies . ( this method solved my issue . maybe it will help you too . regards , sterex
pop off the back cover and make sure there is not a sticker or anything over the speaker or mic . you could try voodoo sound . it is a custom kernel for sgs devices but if you do not want to mess around with that you could just try the voodoo control app , it can do some improvements without the kernel . ( if you do use the kernel you really need the app as well . ) otherwise , i would assume it is a hardware problem and you should get a replacement .
i had the same issue this week . did the switching off of noise reduction and finally rebooted completely but still same problem . in desperation i stuck a pin in the tiny mic hole at the bottom of the phone and waggled it about . . . hey presto ! all sorted !
if you have the adb drivers on ubuntu , try performing the tasks of installing busybox and su manually as detailed here - http://androidforums.com/a52-all-things-root/586982-how-root-any-android-device-manually.html the author has used nautilus on ubuntu to perform the requisite tasks . ymmv , though upon reading through the thread . as a workaround , perhaps you could use the root methods detailed in the relevant xda thread ( s ) on a windows machine .
if you already have the app on your phone , you might want to take a look at appmonster . this app allows you to create backups of your apps ' .apk files to your sd card ( the pro version even can do so automatically each time you install/update an app , so you always have the chance to revert to a previous version if an update breaks something ) . you can then pick that .apk from your sd card , copy it to your tablet , and " side-load " it ( i.e. . install it manually ) . for this to work , you must enable " unknown sources " in your tablet 's settings ( otherwise it only accepts installs directly via the playstore ) .
before you flash a modem , try another dialer app , just in case it is at fault . check if 3g/lte/wifi are working at all . chances are that it is the modem that is causing the issue but it is easier to install an app or two before flashing basebands . on the samsung galaxy s4 international lte model : gt-i9505 you cannot flash a modem through recovery . you must use Odin to do this . complete list of modems for gt-i9505 and i9500 is here . it is with noting that sometimes the first flash fails , and can even read as " success " in odin . untick reboot and try it twice , then reboot the device . you man need to try a couple of modems , but try initially to flash the one relative to your rom ( in your case XXUFNAD ) . however , the baseband ( modem ) can be different depending on your region/carrier/settings/rom so a little trial and error is required . you may be using a 4.2 modem for example and this probably will not work . most 4.3 and 4.4 modems will work fine in kitkat . edit : this is the recommended modem with the new bootloader . this modem is XXUEMJ5 version . try this first . then experiment with others . flash it in odin as below , however , do it separetely without the bootloader option .
basically your options are to find a rom to flash for that device and flash it . or find the apk that you removed and re-add it . you will probably need either a custom recovery , like clockworkmod , or you may be able to put the apk back on the device using adb from the android sdk . i am not sure what the custom rom state is for this device , so it may be easier to find the apk that you need . if you can not find the apk , but can find a custom rom , you could pull the apk from the rom package .
two things in advance for future actions : always make a backup first before fiddling around with system stuff ( does not hurt in other cases either ) . as you did this , you can simply restore this ( and do not need to read the following stuff -- which i still include for future readers with a similar problem ) before you go ahead and uninstall a system app , check for dependencies . you can do so by first freezing the app ( which makes in unavailable , but is easily revertible by un-freezing -- titanium backup includes this feature as well ) you did this , too -- so you should have noticed before . as you removed/uninstalled the app afterwards , the " frozen yog . . . ahem , stuff " is no longer available now to the current situation : as you made a backup with tb , you can simply restore it . if the described " endless loop " does not permit you to do so : there are some tools available permitting this from the recovery console ( check e.g. xda for aroma , which simply can be flashed from recovery and then is available from there ) if you still have the image.zip from your current rom , you can simply extract it to an empty folder , go to the system/apps subfolder , pick the corresponding .apk , and side-load it to your device . if you have a second similar device running the same rom ( maybe a friends device ) , you can use titanium backup to make a transportable backup ( .tbk ) of the app ( for most apps , in this special case better exclude its data ) , and use tb to restore this .tbk to your " broken device "
the transfer of energy in a lithium ion battery generates heat . the components in the phone generate heat . charging with gps will generate the most heat as the gps , cell radio and battery are all being used , while charging . anything you do while charging will cause the phone to get hotter than if it were running on battery alone . also , the heat while on battery will come from a few sources . first , the more power it is using ( gps , cpu intensive apps , large downloads , hotspot mode , high screen brightness , etc . ) , the more heat will be released from the battery . also the components themselves , like the cell radio and the cpu/gpu will generate heat . combine all these factors in different combinations , the device can heat up . also , there is a known radio bug that can cause it to heat up too . if the phone loses service , it goes to max power to reacquire signal . sometimes the phone does not drop to normal power after the signal is restored , causing the radio to operate at max power , generating heat and placing a large draw on the battery , again resulting in more heat . this will be evidenced by a linear decline in your battery and high heat after a loss of service . a simple reboot will solve this , though it can still happen again . and if you are concerned about the phone overheating , it will not . if the cpu gets too hot , it will just slow down the cpu until it cools down . if the battery gets too hot , it will shut off completely . you can turn it back on when it cools down . ( if it gets too hot while charging , the first thing it will do is reduce the charging current or shut it off completely , before shutting off . )
unless amazon releases their kindle fire source code , there will not be a way to mod a different android tablet to be a faux fire . i seriously doubt that will happen that is not to say that someone will not be able to put together some combination of mods and apps that might approximate some of the fire 's functionality , but that is a pretty daunting task , if amazon 's proprietary changes do not make it completely impossible . update : how about that ? amazon actually did release the kindle fire source code . http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/technology/2011/11/amazon-releases-kindle-fire-source-code.html update 2 : it seems that someone 's got something very close . android spin has details .
and what to do before that , also important . ok , short guide – assuming your .apk has the name metro.apk , and you are in the very same directory on your computer where that file resides : PC&gt; adb push metro.apk /data/local/metro.apk PC&gt; adb shell $ su # pm install /data/local/metro.apk  what i am just wondering : what makes you think you need to be root for that ? taking the shorter road : PC&gt; adb install metro.apk  saves a few steps : ) otoh , if you are talking about a system app , things might look different :
i had the same problem and today i did find what was causing my problem . it just started yesterday , 2 weeks after i got the phone . and the only thing that was different is that i started using a generic ac charger that arrived yesterday . when i suspected it was the charger this morning , i switched back to the white samsung charger that came with the phone - and when the battery was fully charged , there was no ' beep ' , just a notice on the notification list . screen did not light up . so i suspect that the generic charger i had just received was overcharging the battery , and the phone must be designed not only to do an audible alert , but to keep repeating that audible and screen-on alert until the phone is unplugged . i have the phone charging on the white cable/plug that came with it , and i have a spare for travel . that is the charger i used up until yesterday - and never had a problem . so i think this resolved my problem with the battery full alert - and i will update again if it turns out that my problem is not fixed .
i am answering my own question , because i somehow solved it . i downloaded the battery doctor app ( the one featured by clean master ) and created a scheduled profile for night that has timeout set to 5 . also enabled ' charging screensaver ' . it is ok now . battery doctor takes over the touchwiz uselsss popups and notifications , and forces it to stand by after 5 secs . it is all ok now : ) . this is the app i am using : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ijinshan.kbatterydoctor_enhl=en
as i already wrote in my comment : a downgrade ( as well as an upgrade ) can be performed by flashing the corresponding rom ( for references , see other downgrade questions ) . to find a matching rom , please see where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? . for the process of flashing , you might want to check with the rom-flashing tag , especially the questions dealing with the sgs2 .
you can downgrade to previous versions by flashing the correspondings roms . the downgrade is possible , only if the downgraded version is compatible with your device . honeycomb is designed for tablets . its not supported for smartphones . if samsung gs2 is your devices , then honeycomb is not supported , rather you can downgrade to pervious gb versions .
this is not a special extraterrestrial thing . the default user does not have root privilege . all those binaries are removed which can grant root access to default user . /system partition ( which contains sensitive files ) is mounted as read-only . as only root user can remount a partition with r/w access , you are out of luck modifying those files . .
i finally got it working . i did a factory reset on my device , then logged in to my google account and then installed my applications from the android market on the device . then when i did another factory reset and logged in to my account again , my applications were restored . previously i installed applications through the android market in the browser (market.android.com) and they got sent to my device . maybe those ones cannot be restored ? i do not know for sure .
if you go menu -> settings -> privacy there are two options . they are back up my data and auto restore . are they both checked ?
you seem to have the correct options selected , though it can take awhile after you sign into the market . try appbrain with fast the fast web installer companion app , its always been a great alternative access to the market . it produces separate lists for each device you use and it looks like you can restore apps based on whatever list you select . alternatively , you can not go wrong with titainium backup if you are prepared to root your phone . not much it can not do .
i was using google maps latitude ( afaik shipped with stock android ) for that purpose . latitude is now integrated with google maps .
if you have froyo or newer ( 2.2+ ) you can use seekdroid ( market link ) or for lower versions the same company did find my phone ( market link ) . i have tested only seekdroid , works great with the web interface , with find my phone you only get the gps coordinates via text message , but you can input the coordinates to google maps for example .
disable antivirus in your system before extracting superoneclick and while running it
according to an answer i got a thread i made at xda developers , it looks like the phone actually is rooted because the whole idea with the cf-root kernel i used is that it comes pre rooted ( which makes me feel slightly sheepish ! ) .
that is not supported , but there are some workarounds : you could change language to something unused , before pressing space , and switching back afterwards . or you may enter two spaces and place the cursor in between , and then type the word . i really like swype , but that is one of its drawbacks . . .
the easiest way is to backup the contents of the sd card to your pc , then delete all partitions , create a single fat32 partition , and then restore the card contents . simply either use the same partitioning tool you did when you partitioned the card to begin with , or one of many free partitioning tools available . i highly recommend gparted .
this might be some compatibility issue -- despite the fact that it seemed to work fine initially . it is not the first time i read such in connection with a class-10 card . i would recommend to get yourself a class-6 ( good enough and fast enough -- only in rare cases you would really note any difference ) , maybe preferably from a different brand than the current class-10 , and give that a try . chances are very good your trouble will disappear this way .
mksh(1) is “just” the system shell on android ( has been for a few versions by now ) . the request basically means that some other application is trying to run a shell command with root permissions , which the dialogue then attributes to the shell instead of the program/library actually requesting it ( on whose behalf mksh is operating ) . there are several very long threads acting on it ; this one has got a good summary , out of which the most important points are : the " ip route add " command comes from libchange . so in htc sense roms ( thanks to chrisch1974 for finding it ) , which itself is already running as a system component the command itself is not malicious , but there is no clear reason why htc sense should run this command the reason it shows up in supersu v0.97 and does not show up in older versions is because v0.97 no longer automatically grants root to the shell and system processes 224.0.0.0/4 is the standard ip multicast range - this command just forces multicasting out of the wifi interface ( since afaik cell carriers do not allow multicasting on their data connections ) . this prevents multicast traffic from attempting to use the mobile network connection and failing . if you have used the adb shell command on any previous phone and got the root prompt , # , instead of the user prompt , $ , by default then your shell has been this way before . i have seen it come and go . in the end , most people agree that saying yes here seems to be harmless . disclaimer : i’m the mksh maintainer .
well , i guess this is the answer : how to go back to a stock android rom on samsung galaxy s2 ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hj1flxev1lc ) .
no . its up to the manufacturer to release new android versions for their devices . some devices will never get a new android version . only the devices from google ( nexus one , nexus s ) will get the latest android versions early and ota . the others may get the new version , but it is the decision of the manufacturer . custom roms may provide a newer android version , as the last official version that was released by the manufacturer . but this often only applies to popular devices .
**no . ** for an android phone to receive new updates , it must jump through several hoops . first , google . when google releases new versions of android , they get to determine the system requirements . while they have good reason to include as many devices as possible , they sometimes can not , or have to make hard decisions not to for the purpose of new features . furthermore , in the future , their motives may change . next , oem . if your phone is not a nexus or google play edition , the manufacturer of your phone must take the code released by google and make it work with their drivers , their skins , and their addon software features ( like gestures and such . ) they may find it is not worth their effort . they also have the motive of planned obsolescence in selling new phones ( if you loved the super duper x phone when you bought it , but the new os offers features you want that are not available on the old one , you are more likely to buy the super duper x phone ii . ) lastly , carriers . if you bought the super duper x phone for $199 , likely your carrier paid the other $400 that the phone actually costs , and plans to extract that money from you in an inflated-price 2-year contract . as the middleman , they likely demanded the right from the manufacturer to install some apps of their own . these apps must be updated by the carrier after the first two hoops have been jumped through . then , after that , the carrier must test the new software stack to make sure it does not crash their network . if your phone makes it through these hoops , then bam ! new ota software for you . but remember , this process can be short-circuited at any step . furthermore , those in the process know this . so , if you are , say , htc , and you spend the money , time , effort , r&d to update this phone , you will want to be damn sure that , say , verizon will do their part of the job and then finally approve the new version . if not , your effort is wasted . if you are not positive , you might not bother . a good illustration of this is the galaxy nexus . google made a promise ( which i think they meant to keep ) that this phone would get the newest updates first , for as long as reasonably possible . unfortunately , they chose to release a verizon version alongside the unlocked versions they themselves sold . verizon dragged their feet on updates , and the verizon version has lagged behind the unlocked versions for months on new updates . if you must have the newest updates , the closer the phone is to google , the better off you are . choose nexus first . choose google play editions next . choose motorola phones next . then choose the phone from the oem with the best track record for updates and the network with the best track record for updates . or learn to root and rom and take your chances in the wild wild west of phone software . . . .
also had a problem with an htc thunderbolt constantly crashing . it sounds like your messages are gone , but for future reference , the best solution i have found is sms backup + . this app will keep a copy of your sms and mms messages synced to your gmail account and/or backed up to an sd card .
i do not hold out much hope that the . db file was not overwritten , but i recommend mounting the phone storage to a pc ( preferably linux as mac will write immediately and windows might also ) to attempt recovery . i do not know what tool to use offhand but search results look promising http://www.google.com/q=linux+file+recovery
i use mcafee wavesecure . . . when i charge up my phone at night , it backs up my sms and contacts . i can also lock down my phone and make an alarm go off if i can not find my phone from anywhere on the web . it is free to download and i highly recommend it .
i ended up manually changing my dns server to tether internet from my mobile phone . my phone uses a local dns server from my mobile carrier which i was able to trace using compruebaip . any other dns server is blocked by my mobile carrier ( globe telecom ) . i reckon that my phone 's dns service is not properly working . when tethering , the dns provider should be my phone which serves as proxy when connecting to my mobile carrier 's dns servers . thus , i had to set them manually on my laptop . i am using windows 8 and my phone is an android gingerbread 2.3 . so basically , the problems are : my mobile carrier is bad . they are blocking other dns servers and are monopolizing dns requests . this is not good because their servers are not that good . my phone 's dns service appears to be broken . this means my laptop could not connect to the dns service of my mobile phone which then forwards dns requests to my mobile carrier 's dns service . fortunately , after two months of despair , i was able to resolve this . this is what i did : find out what the actual dns servers are my mobile carrier is using through compruebaip . manually set my laptop 's dns servers to the one used by my mobile carrier . even better , i retained google 's public dns server 8.8.8.8 as my primary dns server and used my mobile carrier 's primary dns server as my alternate dns server . so , now , i can use my mobile phone as my internet provider for my laptop whenever i am not at home or at work without having to change anything every time i use it .
at least on non-touchwiz devices the contacts can be transferred from Contacts -&gt; menu -&gt;Import/Export -&gt; From SIM to Phone ( or Import from SIM Card in later versions ) .
yes , just go to : Contacts -&gt; Menu -&gt; Import/Export -&gt; From SIM to Phone or you can view this more detailed article to help you : http://androidadvices.com/import-sim-contacts-android-phone/
when you are in contacts you have to edit your contact list by importing or exporting contacts . there is nothing on the screen to indicate how to do this but pull up the menu by pressing the icon on the very bottom left of the phone ( on the note3 this is not on the screen but on the frame around the screen ) and then you can click on import/export and move contacts to either device or sim . card by just going down the list and clicking on all the contacts you want to import or export .
this feature is called " fast charge " , and it charges your device slightly faster by disabling the usb data capability . it is not available in the stock rom that i know of , so you need a rom and a kernel that you know supports this . i am using aokp with the franco kernel and it works great on my galaxy nexus , so you could try that . ( there is even a quick toggle for fast charge available ) . there is probably not an unrooted solution for this . being prompted for driver installs ( at least on a windows machine ) is annoying it might be good to know that installing the correct usb drivers for the galaxy nexus in windows is not something that happens automatically . if you decide to root and flash your device , you will encounter this ; i highly recommend using galaxy nexus toolkit to make the procedure as easy as possible ( it is really not that hard ) .
we have found a tool included in aosp debug builds called rawbu : https://github.com/geekrom/android_frameworks_base/tree/master/cmds/rawbu that does exactly what we need it to do if you push it the right way . it backs up the entire data partition of an android device , though it is outdated and crashes if not executed properly since they fused the sdcard . the default directory used by rawbu is sdcard/backup . dat but since that is fused to data/media/0 this will crash on devices ever since that change . so when running rawbu you must specify data/media/0/backup . dat as the backup and restore arguement so that it knows where to backup and restore to . since the sdcard isnt backed up , only data is , this should work on newer devices . if you do not do this , it will restore the backup . dat file to itself corrupting itself while performing the restore . cons : there are a lot of hoops to jump through that i have not tried yet ( i have only tried this on a debug build , so i have not tried building and pushing it to a release build that is been rooted . ) your phone has to be rooted for this to work . pros theoretically it works it is faster than running titanium backup on each user if you have a lot of users to backup . it also restores your phone to the exact same state you had if your phone crashes . in closing it is unfortunate that there are no good methods for backing up multiple users . however with google 's new push to make multi users a stronger feature , we can hope that the adb backup utility will be improved at some point in the near future .
i do not think there is a way to do this without imaging . i was going to suggest adb backup but as far as i can tell this only backups up the current user , not all users data .
probably just a wild guess . if you have multiple users , and want to use titanium backup , you probably need to perform back-up on each account .
the answer can be found between the lines to the question what actually happens when you swipe an app out of the recent apps list ? . there , eldarerathis quotes some trustworthy sources : [ w ] hat specifically happens when you swipe away a recent task is it : ( 1 ) kills any background or empty processes of the application ( see http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/fundamentals/processes-and-threads.html#lifecycle for what this means ) , and ( 2 ) uses the new http://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/service.html#ontaskremoved(android.content.intent) api to tell any services of the application about the task being removed so it can do whatever it thinks is appropriate . this could mean : if there are processes to be removed , they must be running -- which would be a " yes " to your question . on the other hand , if some app is listed in the recent apps list , that does not necessarily mean there was something left . " recent " means explicitly what the word suggests : the user has recently used that app . do not confuse that with alt-tab on your desktop computer , where you explicitly switch through running apps . the concept on android is completely different . so the final answer would be a " nes " or " yo " . it could be such an app has still processes running . but even if , that is nothing to worry about : unless one of them is a service , those ressources are mostly limited to ram and would be automatically freed as soon as they are required for something else . they do not eat your battery . completely unused resources are , um , unused -- that is , useless . why throw away something we might need shortly ? the user could decide to switch back to that app . so if it is still loaded , it is not only faster available -- but it even requires less ressources ( cpu , i/o ) to activate it again , as it is already there .
no , since it is factory unlocked , nothing will ever relock your phone .
back in the days of the zte blade there was a rom that [ sim ] unlocked the handset , flashing another rom would remove that unlock , but like @shywim says if it is factory unlocked it is unlikely that flashing another rom will lock it and like @izzy says it is also unlikely to happen in a custom rom
i think the instructions you find in this thread are fairly clear , aside from the process of rooting your phone and installing rom manager . all the standard disclaimers apply , of course . what you do with your phone is your business and nothing any of us say makes us responsible if you brick your device .
i have a best and easy solution for the above problem that first go to file manager > settings> show hidden files> than rename the folder . nomedia to . adc then restart your phone and remove the sd card card directly without unmount if then re insert it to the phone during switch on and watch by default it scan sd card and show media in gallery and music checkout this and if it doesnot work than delete the folder . nomedia and do the step of remove and insert sd card again then open gallery ok
you would need root to access /data/data , and rooting would require unlocking your bootloader , which would wipe your data . other than doing a factory reset , there may be no other way .
i would recommend you to download some camera manipulation app like vintage camera by fine droid devs though it would have been better if you had mentioned your device .
if you know the exact position to touch for focusing the camera , you can use adb shell input tap &lt;x&gt;&lt;y&gt; . this will simulate a touch on the particular (x,y) cordinates .
before you take a video , focus the camera first . i had a similar issue with a digital camera ( canon s95 ) . sometimes , i would get a blurry video . it turns out that i forgot to focus the camera first , before pressing the record button . the concept would be the same with a phone camera .
i never heard there is a difference : factory-reset is factory-reset ( which is why both methods are often mentioned alternatively to each other : if you still can power up your device manually , you can use the corresponding item in the settings menu -- otherwise , you can go via the recovery-mode ) . usually , the menu item in settings says something like " reset to factory defaults " , while the corresponding entry in recovery says " wipe data and caches " . now , what is a factory-reset , in technical terms ? resetting all settings to the defaults of the currently installed rom , while deleting all data and user-installed apps . how is that done ? by . . . wiping /data ( user-apps and data , plus dalvik cache ) and wiping /cache ( app cache ) now comes the circular reasoning : is not that what the corresponding entry in recovery says -- " wiping data and caches " ?
it is a software issue with ice cream sandwich as far as i know , so no fix . it may only be present on certain models however , i only have anecdotal evidence for this but i have the issue on my nexus s model iml74k but know someone with a different model of nexus s and they do not seem to have the issue . . .
try something like this . its an app that has sorted that sort of problem for alot of people . hope that does the trick .
if your phone is rooted and got clockworkmod installed , then try formatting and creating an ext partition in clockworkmod . its the most simplest and easiest way to do it . it will automatically take care of your fat partition too . for more info , read this article
minitool partition magic did not work for me . instead , i formatted and partitioned the card directly through adb in cwm recovery using this guide on xda-developers forums . am using link2sd ( similar to app2sd ) fine now on cm 11 kitkat 4.4.2
i had the same problem . use minitool partition magic and set your card partition to primary partition . apply changes and that is it .
if it was working before , try uninstalling the app ( s ) you put on it most recently . they might be the problem . after that , the first thing to try is probably a factory reset . edit : ok , so basically your rom is totally screwed up . i would just replace it . some official firmware is linked in this xda post . download whichever you prefer , then use odin as described below . download odin for windows ( search for " heimdall " if you are on linux ) . then do the following : put your phone into download mode remove the battery hold the volumedown , camera , and end call buttons : reinsert the battery . after a few seconds a yellow triangle with an android in it should appear , you can let go of the keys since this is download mode . start up odin . attach the phone to usb so that odin recognizes it . load the . tar file you downloaded ( the rom ) into the pda field of odin . ( if you got a . rar or . zip instead of a . tar , you need to extract the . tar inside the archive . a . tar . md5 file is fine . ) optional : load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin and check " re-partition " . you should only do this if you screwed up the partitions or perhaps if flashing without this does not work . make sure you have the appropriate . pit file for your device variant . hit start . odin will tell you when it is done ; if it fails , reboot your phone and try again . ( this happens occasionally ) . note that you do this at your own risk ; odin is very powerful and misusing it can damage your phone . i have used it dozens of times myself safely .
that definitely does not make sense . unless they somehow turned off one core ( probably impossible without serious development effort ) and compared the transfer rate to when both cores were on , you can not draw that conclusion . one phone might have a different transfer rate that another , but it has nothing to do with whether one phone has a dual-core processor or not . the speed of the internal memory or sd card and the filesystem are the most important factors , and possibly the efficiency of the storage-handling code . all three can vary between devices .
there is a dirty fix to it , create an empty contact that is only the name but no number , then merge the fb contact with the dummy contact . should set it right , as i said it is a dirty fix but it works .
http://forums.androidcentral.com/t-inspire-4g/110483-phone-number-instead-contact-name.html htc is aware of the issue but there is no true fix for it yet . anything in that link is temporary , but it is insightful . htc should be working on a fix .
yes there is a way . it is called foldersync . it allows you to set up folder pairs to sync and the full version even allows you to sync on changes . it also supports several other cloud services .
i have a galaxy tablet ( gt-n8013 ) . in the dropbox application , you can ' star ' specific files or folders to download to your device . this is useful if your tablet will be offline ( no wifi ) for a period of time . changes that you make to the document on the tablet will be saved to your dropbox folder , and when you re-connect to the internet will become available almost immediately . if you are going to be somewhere that has wifi , the dropbox folder allows you to open the documents from dropbox , use them , make changes or notes , and save back to dropbox . this makes it very easy to take documents to meetings via the tablet using the dropbox folder .
you could use a different account for the phone , and just share the folders you want to sync to the phone account . 15 oct saw a down-vote , so perhaps it was not clear . it is quite easy to share files between dropbox accounts . of course this is only relevant if you use a dropbox app that does not allow selective syncing . ( there are many dropbox apps )
in fact the charging time depends on two points : the output current of the adapter or the usb . the output current of the pc is only 0.5a , it may charge slowly than most of the ac adapters ( most of the ac adapters are 1a or more ) . the input current and the charging convert rate of the phone . different phones have different input current due to limited current protection for them . for example , the limites current for nokia is 0.5a , the input current is only 0.5a even you use an ac adapter with 1.0a output . beside , the charging convert rate is also different according to the models .
to charge at the maximum rate , the charger must identify itself as a charging device by shorting two middle usb pins . this is in the usb specification . proper chargers come like this . other chargers can be modified to short the pins together . i have personally modded a griffin usb car charger in this manner . before the change , it would charge in " usb " mode . after soldering together the two pins , the phone charges in " ac " mode . one caveat : i have not done any tests to see if this changes the charging rate , but it certainly charges quickly after the mod . everything i have read about this phone says that it will only pull 500 ma in " usb " mode . references : wikipedia entry regarding usb charging spec . look for the words " dedicated charging port . " amazon user review with instructions for modding a certain car charger .
when i go into accessibility on my froyo galaxy s i get this : no accessibility applications found you do not have any accessibility applications . you can download a screen reader from android market . click ok to install screen reader clicking ok takes me to the market search page for the talkback app . specifically the market has been searched for pname:com.google.android.marvin.talkback
you probably need talkback .
*its probably talking about either talkback , soundback , or kickback . ( talkback being when you divert to home it with articulate " home" ; soundback producing a ping ; kickback producing a vibration ) but i would make sure to double think which one you prefer or really need being that you will not be able to uninstall once downloaded . once downloaded it should give you an option . *
if you are rooted , use proxy droid . apps use different settings than the ones u provide in the wifi . so not only will your google play not work but also whatsapp and such apps . for that you would need a global proxy . and for that u need to be rooted . you install proxy droid . install iptables . and then ur done
you do not need to scroll all the way to the top to see the url field in the standard browser . at any point in the page just pull the screen down very slightly and it pulls the url bar at the top down with it , it should then stay visible for about 2 seconds unless you tap in the bar . this is also the easiest way to access any other tabs that you have got open .
http://m.androidcentral.com/how-get-developer-settings-galaxy-s4 head into the settings menu . samsung 's done things a little differently and changed the way the settings menu looks , so you will need to hit the " more " tab , and then get into the software information . look for " about device " at the bottom . tap it . hop on down to the build number , and tap it seven times . one . two . three . four . five . six . you will get a little prompt saying you are about to unlock the developer settings . hit that button one final time -- seven ! -- and they are unlocked . have you tried this ? its really a bit tricky .
this might work . android screencast it is a way to see and control your phone from pc . should let you enable usb debugging at least .
you can try this : 1 ) go to settings -> about phone 2 ) look for " build number " 3 ) tap on it continuously for few times , you will see message that the developer mode is activated . .
look i use utorrent and yes this may occur sometimes . so what i do is that i only download huge files from utorrent if available as it is usual work was to transfer big files . by downloading big files from utorrent , the app does not get full access because what utorrent does is that it first downloads the file and then after downloading it does the multiple writing . so what you can do to stop this is just wait for the download to start and after 5 seconds of starting pause the download . now to start it again choose ' force start ' . now after the download is complete , pause the download . this would not let utorrent fetch extra information for the server . and there you have it . hope it works . if not then let me know what problems you encountered . a positive vote is always appreciated :d
rooting will involve several steps . you may or may not want to unlock your bootloader first ( i did unlock it first before trying the following steps ) . in order to use these instructions , you will need a windows computer and your device must be running ice cream sandwich or jelly bean . you will also want to ensure your device is charged before trying to root it . these instructions are paraphrased from xperia htc rooting . download the bin4ry rooting software , and extract it to your desktop enable usb debugging on your xperia p . you can do this by going into settings > application > developer options > usb debugging and checking the box to enable it . connect your xperia p to your computer via a usb cable . if your device is not recognized , you may need to install the sony xperia p usb driver first , then reconnect it again . double click on RunMe.bat file in the bin4ry folder that you extracted a black command window popup should appear with green text . type 1 to select new_standard_root and press enter . follow the on screen instructions to root your device . note : if the new_stand_root method does not work , try repeating steps 4 and 5 with the second root method ( new xperia root by goroh_kun ) .
okay here is how to root without unlocking bootloader for xp jellybean . this is confirmed working and do it in your own risk . note : charge your phone to 100% before doing this and back up contact , message and any other installed app . download and install flashtool ( if you dont know how to flash using flashtool follow this tutorial download Sony Xperia P_6.1.1.B.1.75_Generic World from here put the ftf file inside the firmware folder of flashtool turn Usb Debugging on in your phone shut down your xperia p press the lightning icon inside flashtool select FLASHMODE ( not fastboot ) choose the sony xperia p_6.1.1 . b . 1.75_generic world ftf file for xp when flashtool ask you to connect your device , insert usb cable first in your phone then hold Volume Down button and insert the other end of usb in your pc wait till it finish disconnect your phone and power on . you are back in ics flash 0.559 kernel via flashtool remove the phone from pc , reboot the phone connect the phone to pc open flashtool hit the root button when you see " waiting for restore to finish " open your phone and run backup and restore app and restore rootme . tar file . wait until flashtool do the rest of work when u r done flash . 75 kernel via flashtool reboot the phone download cwm extract the folder connect your phone to the pc with usb debugging click on install . bat download jb kernel and pre rooted jb put it on your sd card well now shut down you xperia p turn it on enter cwm recovery by pressing volume down ( dont hold the volume button put press repeatedly move up and down using volume button select using power button ) mount system mount data mount cache flash the jb kernel zip again mount system mount data mount cache flash the jb_prerooted_6.2 . a . 0.400 . zip do not reboot ! ! wipe data/factory reset reboot ! ! it take some minutes , but just wait with patience for the 1st time you may get fc from thememanager and timescape enjoy rooted jb ! ! ! source : xda
ive also disassembled completely my s2 a few times also because of its lcd ( it was black sometimes i could see a few pixel flashing in random colors or if i was lucky the whole screen was covered in horizontal blue stripes after repeatedly being covered with a tint of a different colour ) you need to make sure the antenna is properly inserted make sure it is as straight and tucked in as possible ( push it under with something ( be careful not to scratch the pcb ) and maybe look at some picture how it should be . ) look for any damages to anything . also it might be a good idea to clean the contact ( i heard isopropyl alcohol is good and the purer it is the better but i am not sure if it is good for phones ) consider flashing a rom with the latest android ( now is 4.4.2 ) and a better kernel should help . do not bother about warranty you can always go back to stock even if the lcd dies again .
ok the gps started working again . i let the phone drain out of battery , then put a charger and let the sony logo show till the charge gets around 80% ( just left it for 20-30 minutes on charge ) . then i removed the charger and hard reset the device ( hold power and volume up key for few seconds ) . the device will shutdown and then restart it normally . google will ask if you had want to permit google to collect anonymous location data . press allow and check gps by opening google maps app , it is working :- ) ps : dunno what worked here ( probably the hard reset step ) , but i put all the steps just in case .
a lot of people seem to be having problems with google play movies . if you have a look on the play store page there are a lot of people complaining that the app is buggy . lots of people have fixed issues by uninstalling and reinstalling , it may not help but it is worth a try .
i did a reset from " backup and reset " menu in settings . and this got the digital clock back .
this approach will work ( provided there are no proprietary funny locks in place anywhere ) , but the recovery partition is no party to it from the very beginning . the default . prop is overwritten on bootup , copied from the boot partition , which is not a directly accessible file system . you need an image of the boot partition , which you will then unpack , make the change , and repack . assuming you know how to go about doing all that ( since you say you tried it with the recovery ) , i must warn ahead that often times it is necessary to include the base address when making the image with mkbootimg . there is no way to know when it is required , so it is safe to always include a base address . you can follow a tutorial here : www.freeyourandroid.com/guide/extract-edit-repack-boot-img-windows the script includes the od command with which you can get the base address , in case you want to make your own script . for more on the manual steps ( for reproducing on gnu/linux ) : android-dls.com/wiki/index.php?title=howto:_unpack%2c_edit%2c_and_re-pack_boot_images i do not recommend use of the unpack/repack scripts , as they have hardcoded lines not portable across cases . use split_bootimg . pl , then gunzip and cpio extract it , after which you will again use cpio and gzip it , followed by the mkbootimg command . the only exception is for mtk65xx devices , where you will need the relevant unpack/repack tools ( because they have very different offsets ; you will also skip the mkbootimg as the repack script does it for you ) : github.com/bgcngm/mtk-tools and here is an on-going example of a chinese rebranded phone going through the same thing to finally get root : forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1818146page=5 i am sorry i have to strip off proper links , but i am apparently considered potential spam . also , i have not been rather thorough because i am not really sure you had want more verbosity .
the above approach did not seem to work . either because the stock recovery put up was not meant for the device or the method is not this easy and may involve making other changes . the phone would not go into recovery mode , which is the only mode in which you would get a privileged shell to perform the necessary operations to obtain permanent root . another method would be to modify the build . prop in the boot image itself , repack and then flash it and adb to get a privileged shell in normal operating mode . better to follow someone else 's procedure when you are not too sure about your own .
it sounds like something has corrupted within your phone . you did not say if you forced a factory reset - that would be my first suggestion . failing that , you are left in a tricky situation . the only think i can suggest is to root your device and install a new rom over top , i tend to advise people to install cyanogenmod . luckily there are complete instructions for doing that over at the cyanogenmod wiki . good luck .
newer android devices do not support usb mass storage because it has a big shortcoming : the phone and the pc can not access the storage at the same time that way . this is because usb mass storage is a low-level protocol giving the pc low-level access to the whole filesystem . this causes knock-on problems when you connect your phone to the pc:- apps on the external storage can not run while it is mounted on the pc . music and other files on the external storage are not accessible to apps , so even apps that are not on the external storage might stop working or become useless . when the external storage is unmounted from the pc , android has to rescan it from scratch ( see media-scanner ) because it can not tell what has changed . there is no way for the phone to let the pc access the internal storage this way : android can not unmount the internal storage , because all apps need access to it , even the system apps . this also means there has to be a separate partition and filesystem for the external storage , which the phone can cope with losing access to . newer android devices often just have one big partition , and the " external storage " is simply a directory there . it is more convenient that way because you do not have free space split between partitions , but you can not use usb mass storage on only a directory . android can not enforce any filesystem security . the pc has complete access to the exported storage , below the filesystem level . this lets it access any file , and read the raw device data to recover deleted files . this might be considered an undesirable security hole . as eldarerathis points out , the external storage has to use the fat32 filesystem to work this way . this is not a shortcoming when it is a real sd card , but when it is really non-removable storage , it would be more useful to use a better filesystem . ( where i say " sd card " here , that means whatever storage your android device calls " external " , even if it is not actually removable . ) in contrast , mtp is higher-level , and allows android to arbitrate and to share access , just like when sharing directories or filesystems over a network . it even opens the possibility of letting the pc access the internal storage this way , but there are other restrictions around that unrelated to mtp . as eldarerathis explains , you need special software to access mtp devices from a mac , because mac os does not have the appropriate software built-in , like windows and some linux distributions do .
android itself is based on linux , which is designed for case-sensitive filesystems . internal storage is usually on an ext or ext4 filesystem , which is case-sensitive . sd cards are usually formatted with fat 32 , which is a case-insensitive filesystem . although android can support using other filesystems on the sd card , windows pcs can not , so it is unusual to format your sd card with a different filesystem , and if you do this , you can not use the sd card in a windows pc ( via a card-reader ) , nor can you have the phone act as a usb mass storage device when connected to a pc .
it could be because of a few reasons : the app is a paid app and your country does not support purchasing paid apps ( i do not know if india can or not yet ? ) your phone does not meet the min sdk requirements of the app . for instance , the app may require 2.1+ features , but your phone is running android 1.5 or 1.6 your phone is missing a feature that the app requires in order to use it ( things like sd cards , trackballs , etc . ) the app is carrier limited ( skype was an example of this ) market bug . occasionally there are listing problems in the market , especially if an app was recently updated
it happens the same to me . . . and for such popular apps as weatherbug , which is supposed to work with " all android versions " , according to them . i am running ecclair ( 2.1 update 1 ) of the same device ( xperia x10 mini ) . i could not find the wordreference app either , which i do not think requires too many features . so , according to bryan 's answer , and for these specific cases , i would point to . . . your phone is missing a feature that the app requires in order to use it ( things like sd cards , trackballs , etc . ) market bug . occasionally there are listing problems in the market , especially if an app was recently updated but , what can of special feaure can require a dictionary ? could it be becuase of the littlescreen size ?
pl check your gmail account with which you logged into market site is the same primary gamil account on your phone . the second reason that your phone does not support the listed apps . but i am using xperia mini pro . i have those apps installed on my phone .
32.54.00.32u_5.14.05.17 seems to be latest radio ; this may help . .
check your apn settings . make sure it is pointing to the right one , http://www.t-mod.org/?page_id=72
i think i have found the solution . . . i upgraded my rom to the latest version ( just released recently ) : http://android-roms.net/desire/2011/01/22/oxygen-v2-0-rc7/ it is now perfectly stable and has not dropped out in 12 hours . . lets hope it stays that way : )
you can configure your rules on your server account to do that , so you don’t need the filtering rules on every client . is very practical . but do not remember now if k9 mail client offer filtering/rule system also there is seven mail client that if i´m not wrong you can create and modify server-side email rules . with seven you will get push mail notification for mail , exchange , imap , yahoo , etc . . . note1: your can create the rules through owa ( outlook web access ) . rules created through owa are server side rules . your exchange server should have a owa access point . usually something like : https://owa.yourserverdomain.com
there is this tool called RSD Lite , which is ( afaik ) an internal tool from motorola to flash their phones . you should be able to find it around the googles . and here you should be able to pick up a stock firmware for the defy . this method worked for my moto cliq xt , but do not let this be a guarantee for your defy !
who is the manufacturer of your phone ? if the phone comes with android per-installed and its a licensed one from google , play store should be installed and working in it . in that case , you should contact customer care and get your phone flashed with the stock rom .
i guess the easiest way is using an app like pocket ( formerly known as " read it later" ) . pocket accepts input from all kind of apps via the " share " menu ; i e.g. use it with my rss reader , twitter apps , browser , and more . so far for the " android end": even before the buffer starts filling , press " share " , select " pocket " , done . now for your pc , pocket offers addon for several browsers . for me , that is firefox , and it is addon works like a charm : i have got a small icon next to my url bar , which opens a ( paged ) list of saved entries which even offers a search/filter function – so it is easy to pick the wanted entry ( here : youtube url ) and watch the movie . the " share process " on your android device works in the background ( gives you status information via " toast messages" ) , so it does not disturb you in whatever you are doing . as a side effect ( you might already have taken that from my above description ) you can do the same with a lot of other stuff you want to " consume later " – as long as it provides an url : tweets , web pages , rss feeds , probably also podcasts and more . and if you decide to check some of the stuff while on the road , pocket offers a reader for that as well ( included with the app ) .
if you do not mind having to completely re-configure it , and start as if you had just installed that app : go to settings → apps scroll to the app in question , tap it select to " delete cache " and " delete data " now you have completely " refreshed " it . with some luck , the app somehow offers to export its configuration ; if so , do that first , and re-import the settings after above described " reset " to save you from manually reconfiguring it .
it wants to be device admin in security . unstick the device admin and use a separate app like owa for exchange mail
to my experience , headset control behaved randomly . took me a couple of weeks to figure out why suddenly in my training sessions the music player started ( wow ! that button on the headset suddenly does something . . . ) . like you , i never found any corresponding system settings . to get rid of that " random system " , i took a look around . as usual with android , almost everything is triggering ( or triggered by ) an intent , and a listener reacts on that . if there are multiple listeners , the user will be asked with which app to perform the action -- and can declare that app the standard ; which holds until a new app registers or the chosen app gets uninstalled . that said , i went to the playstore and took a look around -- and indeed , there are multiple apps around taking care of the button-presses : single press , double , triple , long-hold , klick-and-hold . . . i never imagined how much to do with a single button :d unfortunately for me , i could not yet convince the one app i tried to behave as intended -- except for single click and single hold ( i.e. . play/stop/take-call and volume-up ) -- but that may be due to the combination of headset/phone/app , and i certainly will try to figure this out by evaluating different apps . to give you a starting point : there is e.g. jays headset control , which i currently use . though highly configurable 1 , see above for my problems ( philips plugs , motorola device ) . then there is also headset droid which looks quite promising 2 , but costs about eur 2 . this seems to support multiple buttons even , from the screenshots . then there are headset button controller ( also about eur 2 ) , philips headset ( free -- the next one i should try with my philips headset ) , and a lot more -- just search the playstore for " headsetbutton " . . .
this is not very elegant . . . open the android contacts app menu --> display options --> choose contacts to display under each account , expand the list , make a note somewhere of what was checked , and then uncheck everything tap done . you should now be left with phone-only contacts menu --> import/export --> share visible contacts you will see some options for sharing a vcard file ( . vcf ) . you could email it to yourself , upload it to google docs ( if you have the google docs app installed ) , etc . once you have confirmed you have shared the vcard file , unless you are feeling extra brave , do a quick backup of your contacts to your sd card : menu --> import/export --> export to sd card delete all the local contacts from your phone ( long-press --> delete contact ) import the contacts you shared in step 6 ( not the ones you backed up to your sd card in step 7 , which will include all of your contacts ) to open-xchange using the instructions on page 193 in the open-xchange user guide . more languages available here : http://oxpedia.org/index.php?title=main_page_ce#documentation back in the contacts app , go to menu --> display options --> choose contacts to display under each account , expand the list and recheck everything you unchecked earlier tap done . all your synced contacts should be visible again , including the ones you just exported ( the next time your phone does a sync )
your device is not listed in the list of supported notebooks , so it is not surprising that it does not work . you will have to wait until it is supported . remember that the android-x86 project is made by volunteers , so support for particular hardware depends on someone with the necessary skills having that hardware and an interest in making it work . you might be able to help speed the process along by buying a similar device for the project ( that they can test on ) , or by helping to update documentation or such to help free their time for porting . if you want to help get your device supported faster , in the first instance you should contact their discussion group and ask what you can do to help .
hmm i was searching a little 1 . find drivers for linux for this card ( test on linux does it works properly ) 2 . android x86 have different location of resource folder ( additional drivers ) 3 . find on androidx86 where exactly you have to copy driver 's 4 . start new installation of android kitkat 4.4.2 x86 version with drivers included in specific folder 5 . a - if works : ) b - if not you should be able to see on screen when boot first time after installation where it stops ( drop print screen here on forum ) 6 . if you wont see anything try debug mode and then drop prsc here i think that is all i can advise in this topic
for my laptop only solution was change in bios settings becaouse i have radeon and intel vga https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/android-kitkat/-aupm37elem
wrong wrong wrong it is not about he is laptop " is not supported " kitkat have issue with radeon graphic cards there is small solution for that you have to change destination library for source to start graphic acceleration i have lenovo t400 with radeon it run only in debug mode 2 and most important it start only with selected debug nomodeset kitkat start with 860 x resolution . i try to edit almost all possible graphic ( important kitkat support only 16 bit color ) so even if you will be able start os you will not have graphic acceleration . i saw one solution when i will test it and it will work i will drop info here , sorry for all typo and mistakes ( english is not my native language ) ps . on samsung laptop 3530 intel 3000 vga - installation and setup took few minutes no problems at all ( radeon usually older cards have that problem ) if anyone will have 100 % tested solution please give me a shout good luck everyone almost forgot using kitkat 4.4.2 and this works for me https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!topic/android-kitkat/-aupm37elem
i rooted my one successfully here . . http://www.tricksdroid.com/2013/12/how-to-root-samsung-galaxy-star-pro.html
settings > accounts and sync > john . doe@gmail . com tick the sync contacts checkbox : ) make your phone connect to the internet and wait to see the google magic : ) just in my case it syncs the contact photos perfectly : )
the steps you have to take are the following ones : expand the list of recent labels , but this time tap the option show all labels . this will take you to the list of all your labels , in whose bottom you will see the option manage labels : tap there . in the list of labels , tap the one you want to be notified about . by default that label has label sync and notify disabled . tap the option sync messages it will open a popup dialog with sync options . choose and tap one different to sync : none . the above will enable the notifications , now you can choose its options according the way you want to be notified . exit the label options for changes to be applied . from now on , you will receive notifications about unread messages for that label too ( in jelly bean , you will see the extended notification , as with inbox emails ) . you will be able to open the email message tapping on that notification .
generally , official over-the-air ( ota ) updates from google/carriers/manufacturers will not install on rooted devices , especially if you have changed something on the /system partition . the update usually checks if the device is in a given state , and will not proceed with installation if it detects tampering . if you want to accept the ota update , you will first need to bring the phone back to its original state . this means undoing whatever modifications you performed , and un-rooting it . after updating you should be able to re-root .
some instructions say hold volume down + power 5 seconds to open the boot menu . on a chacha with software version 1.57.161.3 opens the boot menu immediately ; i just hold volume down and get the boot menu within a second . booting works differently depending on which android and rom version you have . open settings , about this phone , software and add in your question which version you have . on another chacha with software version 1.54.401.3 i get re reaction at all with holding volume down , but maybe the button is physically broken . update : so 2.3.3 , and presumably original rom installed ? htc did release updates from android 2.3.3 to 2.3.5 -- see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/htc_chacha which phones got that update was supposedly carrier-specific . i have seen mixed info on forums and official . on 12th june 2014 i tried ( manually ) to access the update servers listed in the chacha device props files ( the ones used for ota = over the air/half-automatic updates ) , and it is possible that ota no longer works for chacha . ( i have seen the facebook button start making trouble , and that slows down the phone to almost unusable levels -- and then it needs either repair or if you install a rom that ignores the facebook share button . )
the following is the way i enable additional spell checkers on my galaxy nexus which runs on vanilla android 4.3 , i hope it will be the same for your moto g : open your app drawer and go to settings > language and input scroll down to keyboard and input methods section : if your google keyboard is enabled , tap its settings button , if not , enable it first . on google keyboard settings screen , tap input languages on input languages screen , scroll down and enable polish . then tap back . you should be on google keyboard settings screen again : scroll down to text correction section and tap add-on dictionaries . on add-on dictionaries screen , scroll down and tap polski ( which it should say it is available ) . now it should appear a button to install this dictionary : tap it and wait until it is installed . now , the install button will be replaced for a delete button , and the dictionary status will say installed . exit settings screens . now you can use the polish spell checker in the phone . just toggle the language by tapping the globe key to the left of spacebar in google keyboard until it says polski and you will be ready to use it .
in s4 , eye movements are tracked by front camera . in this principle , the persons eye focused within the front cam is taken into consideration . ( this doesnt works when there is no light or dim light ) . this works well based on the viewing angle ( around 45degree or something ) of persons eye and device front camera . this makes the possibility of detecting , one persons eye . so the play/pause depends on the single user not the multiple people . this makes sense when there is lot of crowd behind the user who is watching the video .
here is miui rom for micromax a60 please read install instructions carefully in this thread . if you want to stock rom then its here
screendim . apk is what you want .
i will supply the answer from my samsung galaxy s3 , assuming a similar setting is located at a similar location on your xperia . look for settings> display> touch key light duration . on samsung there are settings from always off to always on , and timed settings in between . choose one of your liking other than always off to restore lighting to the buttons . update : sorry if the settings are not exactly at that loocation . here is a link to the user manual update2: i notice that the xperia has a slideout keyboard . sometimes the keyboard lighting is controlled by the control key lighting . look in the same place , except for keypad timeout : settings> display> keypad timeout .
turn the phone off turn it back on and hold the up volume button let me know if it works or not . there are also other solutions . source .
enable the ethernet port and then use setprop command to enable dhcp . then start dhcp client .
saw this on sdx developers forum . you might want to try it out =============================================================== http://forum.sdx-developers.com/android-1-5/htc-hero-virtual-keyboard-on-moment/ this is a quick guide on how to get the htc hero vk onto your moment . ( 1 ) you will need to go onto the android market and download an app installer . ' appmanager ' should work . ( 2 ) download the htc virtual keyboard apk ( 3 ) connect phone to computer , mount the phone , then move file onto a folder on the sdcard . unmount . ( 4 ) open appmanager -> press ' menu ' key -> select ' install from sd ' . there you can install the . apk file . if the file is not visible , press menu again , and select ' whole sd ' so that you can see the file . ( 5 ) go to your home -> go to ' settings ' -> ' locale and text ' . select ' touch input ' . ( 6 ) go to someplace where you input text , such as messaging . long-press on the text input field , and select ' input method ' . select ' touch input ' . if you would like to calibrate the htc vk , download this file : calibration apk ( 1 ) follow steps 3 and 4 above . ( 2 ) to calibrate : go to ' settings ' -> ' locale and text ' -> ' touch input ' settings -> ' text input ' -> select ' calibration tool ' thanks to bjb_nyj101 for locating the htc vk ; and hokansoc for locating the calibration tool . also note : the calibration tool is not necessary for it to work , so you should be ok even if you can not get it to install . =============================================================
unfortunately i am pretty sure this is not possible . how long have you had your phone ? if it is still under warranty/insured , you should be able to get it replaced and can make sure that the new one has a good screen . sounds like a hardware problem to me .
as suggested here : go to the phone application on your phone and enter the following : *#*#2663#*#*  it will take you to the touch screen version screen . click on the " touch key fw update " button on that screen .
go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Running Services and click on ScreenCaptureService to end it . you will have to do this every time you boot up your phone , unless you get a task killer or can remove it somehow , though either of those may have other side effects .
no , your phone needs to be rooted ( as confirmed by the developers ) . you may want to try camera ics + however which has as many features but remains silent .
stock samsung software always mounts the sd card after the system is up , at least on my vibrant , so i would expect there is not too much you can do about that without hacking the startup scripts ( presumably difficult ) . as for the second problem , the market description says : " it can break some apps if they are not meant to be moved to the sd card ( such as widgets ) . " try moving any widgets back to your phone storage .
i have htc desire and faced similar problem having to quick reboot . i emailed the developer for which he said : some roms like new samsung gb roms do not have install-recovery . sh and init . d scripts to mount 2nd partition at boot . therefore link2sd mounts the 2nd partition after system finishes mounting and you need to perform " quick reboot " in order to see linked apps . .
i think that you have mis-interpreted for applications and all in-app products that you choose to sell on google play to mean all purchases made through apps distributed via google play rather than purchases made using the google play store . when you use the ebay app they do not take payment via google play and therefore do not need to pay google 30% . having said that . . . as mentioned by dan hulme the google play terms prohibit using other payment mechanisms for purchases that are are entirely within the app ( i.e. . excluding magazine subscriptions , other kinds of downloadable content , and purchases of physical goods ) app purchases : developers charging for apps and downloads from google play must do so by using google play 's payment system . in-app purchases : developers offering virtual goods or currencies within a game downloaded from google play must use google play 's in-app billing service as the method of payment . developers offering additional content , services or functionality within another category of app downloaded from google play must use google play 's in-app billing service as the method of payment , except : where payment is primarily for physical goods or services ( e . g . , buying movie tickets , or buying a publication where the price also includes a hard copy subscription ) ; or where payment is for digital content or goods that may be consumed outside of the app itself ( e . g . , buying songs that can be played on other music players ) .
.odt stands for " opendocument text " , a format primarily used with openoffice and its derivates ( staroffice , libreoffice , neooffice ) , but also supported ( at least via filters ) by other office suits , even microsoft 's . there are several viewers available for android , but unfortunately no ( free or cheap ) editors – though the libreoffice team is working on an android version for over a year already . you will find a list of office suites for android in my german overview office-pakete und text-editoren ( after all , for the list you do not need to know the language ) . i also marked those ( partly ) supporting opendocument formats , watch out for the keywords " openoffice " , " libreoffice " , and " opendocument " . i have not tested them , but it seems there is one supporting reading and writing of opendocument formats : office 2012: textmaker mobile ( for texts ) , with separate apps for calc and presentation . each of the apps is about usd 9 , so they do not come cheap ( compared to other android apps ) . coffice only supports reading those documents , but comes for free , same applies to opendocument reader .
textmaker allows you to open and edit . odt files and does a great job of it . i paid $5 . . odt is the open document text format which is an open international standard , there are many other desktop programs that support this format that are not derived from openoffice such as calligra words , abiword , kingsoft office etc .
the simplest method is to use the email conversation option from within a conversation . tap the overflow menu ( 3 dots ) , the more > email conversation . that brings up a popup allowing you to either attach media files or send the chat without the media files . there is also whatsapp toolbox which has similar functionality but requires root access .
to add to the other two responses , i would venture that if the tablet is low-end enough to not include bluetooth internally , then it is not going to be able to handle an external adapter well or at all . i would also second the recommendation for airdroid . wifi is much more ubiquitous as a form of connectivity for devices , be they laptops , tablets , or desktop pc 's . why futz with bluetooth when you already have a workable solution ?
it appears this is a bug with the s3 phone . apk . the xda thread does not have a solution , but there are some things to try . . . i just do not know if they will actually fix the issue . you could try installing a replacement dialer . if you are rooted , you could try finding an alternative phone . apk ( perhaps from the s2 ) . finally , a custom rom built on aosp ( like cyanogenmod ) may not have this issue .
suggestion : use tasker to disable screen timeout for your app . this may prevent it from going to the background .
to the first part of your question ; how can i get more information about what apps are killed when and why ? the android sdk has a quick summation on the android memory http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/fundamentals.html by default , every application runs in its own linux process . android starts the process when any of the application 's components need to be executed , then shuts down the process when it is no longer needed or when the system must recover memory for other applications . so effectively android can be summarized as killing programs when it determines you are not using it ( i clicked quit in the app ) , or when it runs out of resources . for example , if you have 512 mb of ram , and 10 free and you launch an app that needs 12 it will try to determine the least used app it can grab 12 from . it tends to do this pretty well ( at least in my experience ) . you might be able to go home from your game , and do a couple things , but on the third thing it will evict the game . keep in mind how resource intensive games in particular are , so it is likely it will kill that app sooner rather then later . now the reason it disappears after time , is that you likely have sync processes trying to start and compete for resources . the apps memory pages have been hit very infrequently at this point , so it is fair game to any memory reclamation the os feels is necessary . to your second question ; how can i set it up to allow this app to continue running ? i do not use a task killer , but i am pretty sure the good ones ( seems like atk is the leader https://market.android.com/details?id=com.rechild.advancedtaskkillerfeature=search_result ) have an exception list . it might be possible to whitelist the game you want , and blacklist the other processes . i am also not familiar with this game , so i am not sure what auto-save abilities and such this has . hope i was some help .
i am pretty sure that isnt an option in the default design of android . i have never personally seen an app for such things because most people desire the programs to shut down to keep the speed of the phone up . it is the android system that is shutting unused programs down . the creator of the app would have to design a service to keep it running in the background or possible like an always on calculation or audio so the system would think the program was doing something . that would eat up your battery .
how to get more information what apps are killed and why ? you can connect your phone to adb ; and then turn on logcat ; saving output to file . in log file you will have ton 's of info ; by searching for you app name ; you can find out when it gets killed . what can you do to prevent it from getting stopped by android system ? i do not know ; hopefully randy answer will work . however ; i would contact the developer and tell him the problem , because he/she should have the easiest time to fix it
languages support i guess , plus the build number targets the specific si numbers found underneath the battery hence the differences between them , however minor they may be , to target the region itself .
the google now option for note to self might work for you . . . it does not do a voice memo , but it will let you leave notes to yourself .
you can create a screen shortcut for " home " or any location you use often . long-press on the home screen , select the shortcuts option , and scroll down to get a directions option . you will be prompted for an address , which can be either specific or general . choose car , public transit , or walking directions , ensure " turn-by-turn navigation " is checked , and give it a short name , like " home " . now you have a shortcut which will quickly get the directions you want from wherever you are . you can also " star " locations on the map that you use often . you can also use contacts to quickly get addresses for navigation . were you to have a " home " entry in your contact list , you could simply use the voice command " navigate to home " .
go into accounts and sync in settings and remove facebook htc sense and your calendar will be back to normal . stupid thing had my calendar full of birthdays from my facebook that i do not really care about . . . .
there is a downward-pointing arrow on the top right of of the calendar . hit this , and a list of all your calendars drops down . untick the ones whose events you do not want synched to your phone 's calendar .
this was reported in the android central forum here with a link to lifehacker . it sounds like it will allow you to sync your facbook calendar without the birthdays because you are exporting the events directly from facebook . first , you may want to undo the sync that you have going on now . hope it helps . quoting the post from android central : just go to your google calendar thats linked with your google account on your phone and then follow this article . add your facebook events to google calendar in facebook , go to your events page . at the top of that page click export events you will get a pop up window with a url , copy it . in google cal , on the bottom left you will see ‘other calendars ' and below that a link to add . click add one of the new options you will be presented with is add by url , select that paste the url from facebook where it asks for it . and thats it ! when your phone calendar syncs with your google calendar , all your facebook events will show up too and no birthdays .
i simply stopped syncing the sense facebook app to fix this . however , all the contacts i connected with facebook are gone as well which is the down side .
i see your problem on chrome for android . looking at the stylesheet ( css ) of the page on firefox browser for pc , i see that the background color of the page is red . i can not be sure with chrome for android , but it could be that there is a margin at the right and bottom side , and the application did not take up that space . that is why you see red .
you can set up an alert for the google play store at http://dealnews.com . it will email or text you new deals come up .
your best bet would be to follow google play on google+ . they always post any kind of news , including promotions for apps , music , movies . . .
i use appsales . it works well for me .
i have never used it , but this app seems to be what you were looking for : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.echolu.android.apphunter
google maps navigation is currently available in the united states , canada , uk , ireland , austria , belgium , denmark , france , germany , italy , the netherlands , portugal , spain , and switzerland .
i have an unbranded german htc desire . it has google navigation installed by default ( iirc , it came with the froyo upgrade -- i do not remember seeing it in the preinstalled android 2.1 . ) .
yes , it is perfectly feasible . i know some people who've been doing exactly that with a samsung galaxy s ii for more than a year : using a bluetooth game pad to control it and mhl to connect to their living-room tv . console emulators tend to support using two controllers for multi-player gaming , but there are not that many android games that support it , because it is still a tiny fraction of the android gaming market . even so , now there are a few popular android devices specifically designed for use as a home games console , such as the ouya , you can expect more and more games designed to be played this way . you might even find that game designers start to use the support in 4.3 for having different output on the device screen and mhl , to end up with a wiiu-style game with one player playing on the touchscreen itself , and another using the tv screen and a bluetooth game controller . if chromecast or miracast become more popular , they will make that kind of two-screen play a lot more accessible to users , which also means they are a lot more attractive to developers .
nice idea , now i think about it , too . i found a little list here ( please feel free to edit/add ) : gta3 muffin knight pool break riptide gp shadowgun shine runner sonic cd soulcraft thd if i find some time , i will add controller support to my game orc genocide . atm , it is playable head-on-head with multitouch ( useless for tv , but awesome for tablets ) . i will let you know .
just disconnecting and reconnecting the phone is not enough . you have to restart windows . then the freshly created folders will appear in your filebrowser n windows too .
solved . . . . select clear flash option , it will restart phone and menu will be displayed at startup .
have you tried with google maps engine ?
you can use a file manager app to access the files in your sd card . there are many good ones out there . androzip and astro file manager are some of the bests . if you want to copy files into your pc , use a usb cable and connect your phone . if you want you can use an app like wifi file transfer to transfer files using wifi .
on Contacts tab of stock contacts app , hit Options button . then , choose more ~> Display Options . on this screen , un-check Only contacts with phone numbers . then , check all accounts whose contacts you want to delete ( like facebook , all gmail groups ) . and , un-check all accounts whose contacts you do not want to delete ( like phone , sim ) . tap Save button after you finished checking and un-checking . on Contacts tab , hit Options button again . choose Delete this time . on next screen , tap Select all and then Delete button . done ! after this , again go to display options to display your contacts which were not deleted .
there are a few points to note on this . not all of them will help you on your issue , but at least explain things or point you to helpful information : some devs explain in their apps ' descriptions what they need those permissions for , others do so at least on the corresponding web sites ( e . g . in the faq ) . if they missed that , contact them and ask to have that gap filled . phone id + internet is required by most ad modules . to avoid that , check for payed versions . android apps are not really expensive , and of course devs like to be compensated for their work . the average price of 1 buck should be worth it . no real issue with the accounts stuff . for explanations , please take a look at what can an app do with the “use accounts on the device” permission ? what does permission “manage_accounts” mean ? i agree that a game rarely has a good reason to access your contacts , calendar , call lists , browser history , and bookmarks . my guess in those cases is , that in ~80% the dev simply made a " bad decision " concerning the ad module chosen ( there are some really bordering spyware ) . again , contact the dev and ask . according to a study i read a while ago , about 60% of the devs are not even aware of that issue ; being approached , they were open for alternatives ( unfortunately i do not remember the source currently ) . i also agree concerning phone calls , and even sms . they might be used for in-app purchases , but i do not think this is a good practice . further good sources can be found in our permissions tag-wiki .
unfortunately google play web app does not allow you to the following things : update your current apps ( it can only be done from your devices ) see a list of apps install in a specific devices ( it only tallies all of the apps you ever downloaded into one list ) remove any devices which were previously added to your google account hopefully we can raise awareness through this question so that google finds that enough people will like a lot more functionality from the web app . it is sometimes very functional specially if you work in a computer all day .
if the power circuit is torn , it is impossible to join it back . and definitely not with adhesive !
this is a firmware issue , and needs to be addressed by the manufacturer . if you have done a factory reset , then you should contact the manufacturer and tell them that after the latest upgrade , the contact and phone app no longer work . they should release a new upgrade to fix this issue .
occasionally the browser will access gps since the browser on my phone has location turned on . so most likely the application ( s ) runs in the background and updates data based on your location . social networking , maps/directions apps and other location-sensing apps could be accessing gps data as they run in the background . try to narrow it down by seeing which apps sync and how often .
download spare parts . when in the app , tap " battery history " , then in the first dropdown select " gps usage " . in the second dropdown select whichever you want to see ( "since last unplugged " , " total since boot " , or " total in all time" ) and you should see which apps have accessed the gps .
try the ' testing ' mode . i am lead to believe it is a standard part of android , so should work on your evo - it works on my htc desire hd . dial the following number : *#*#4636#*#* ( or *#*#INFO#*#* ) then , to see gps stats , tap battery history , other usage and then gps usage . if i am reading this right , this then displays a list of all the apps that have caused the gps to consume battery power , which i think is almost what you are looking for .
for anyone else having this same problem and have a samsung phone , try http://www.samsung.com/us/smart-switch/ it may not have been available when you initially posted the original question , but i just upgraded from an iphone 5 with ios 6 to a samsung galaxy s4 . i wanted to copy over my sms messages and found that most only worked with ios 5 and below . this worked perfectly ( kies for some reason did not provide an option to transfer my messages ) . it also copied over my mms messages .
i got an answer from samsung - was instructed to ' update drivers ' or some such from the window or tools menu . so , this worked for me - got the text components of my sms history , then uninstalled kies due to a conflict with android file transfer on osx 10.8 .
android itself does not provide such a tool , but you can use firewalls that require root , if your device is not rooted , so no problem , there are some applications that use some trick that can prevent apps from being connected to internet , such as noroot firewall . the trick of noroot firewall is that it opens a fake vpn connection for making the phone to send all the packets to the application then you can define for the application which one to allow and which one to deny . so it does not require root access . if your device is rooted you can use droid wall and it will do what you want . you can download it from google play store . note:i am using noroot firewall on my xperia s and xperia z1 for a long time , even my xperia s is rooted but i still use this application for blocking apps from being accessed to internet .
on my phone ( ics ) the apps seem to use less than 100% in total . these must be rounding errors : if you had three apps each using a third of the total , that would be 33.3 . . % for each one . android would round this to 33% , so the total would be 3*33%=99% .
some smartphones like the samsung galaxy s2 lets you create a wi-fi hotspot . unfortunately , this would decrease the phone 's battery life , which is why having a separate device would be better option .
this feature is called wifi tethering , it comes with most modern android devices . you can read more about it on our wifi-tether tag .
not all equipment which uses sd cards can use sdhc cards . it may be that your device does not support the sdhc card you are using .
i have solved the issue . the issue is that the memory card was locked by old nokia phone . so i unlocked it and now it is working perfectly . thanks for all your support .
see this thread on xda-developers unlock motorola droid pro : you simply call verizon and tell them you are going to spend some extended time in europe and you want the ability to unlock the phone and change out the sim card so you can use the phone as a local phone without all the charges , etc . they will then tell you that you will not have the verizon guarantee of service , etc . , if you remove the sim card while overseas . . . . they gave me a code to use when and if i ever insert a foreign sim card in the phone . at that time , it will prompt me for the unlock code .
go into Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; All -&gt; Messages . clear the cache and the data for the app the restart the device . i was having the same issue with messages to my wife and it cleared it up . hope this helps !
it is there all along ! open up the email app and press the menu button . go to view> folders you now need to tap the folder icon next to inbox and it will ' expand ' and display all the subfolders under it . this must be the icon and not the text . it wont work if you press the text so you must press the icon . i have to say this is pretty poor ui design , as it is not obvious to end users . i will try and add a screenshot when i next get the s3 .
an " lte band " , or any other type of " band " that you read about with relation to a phone , is referring to the radio frequencies that the phone picks up . each cellular provider builds their network on a specific set of radio frequencies which are divided up into chunks that are assigned band numbers . so , using your t-mobile example , band 4 is specifically comprised of two frequency ranges : upload bandwidth uses radio frequencies between 1710 and 1755 mhz download bandwidth uses frequencies between 2110 and 2155 mhz a phone 's spec sheet effectively lists the frequencies that its antennas ( and cellular radio ) are designed to support . you cannot change the antenna 's supported bands because this is not something that is set in software - the supported bands listed in a spec sheet are , generally , a statement about the phone 's hardware support for different networks* . therefore , your phone must support the carrier 's lte network bands in order for you to have lte coverage . otherwise the lte radio will be unusable . cellular antennas these days are pretty much always multi-band pieces of hardware ( that is , one antenna picks up several bands ) . the difference between powering a 5 band radio and a 2 band one is probably measurable with very precise instrumentation , but it is certainly not going to be an amount that would be perceptible when actually using the device . further , having support for additional bands is generally considered a net benefit because you have the ability to use the phone on multiple carriers ( assuming a sim unlocked device ) . per your specific example of the xt1053 vs the xt1055: you could use the either on t-mobile usa 's lte network , because both support band 4 lte , which is what t-mobile is using . however , the xt1055 will not work on t-mobile 's current hspa+ network because it lacks support for the umts 1700 band . in places where lte is too weak or not available , you would drop all the way back to edge ( 2g ) speeds , whereas the xt1053 would be able pick up hspa+42 speeds ( if available ) . *there are some exceptions to this rule , where a device may actually use a radio chipset/antenna combination that provides hardware support for a band that is effectively " locked out " by the software layer . one example of this is the nexus 4 , which does not list lte support in its specs but does , in fact , have an lte band 4 chip installed that can be enabled on older baseband versions . however , you could not force the n4 to work on , say , lte band 17 .
lte bands are the bands of radio spectrum that the cellular networks run on . there are 44 defined bands and different carriers in different areas use different bands to provide service . wikipedia has a fairly extensive list of who uses what bands . yes , t-mobile operates on band 4 ( aka aws ) , so any other band capability on the device would go unused . if you do not have the same band available on the phone as on the network , you will not be able to use the network period . it would be like trying to pick up an am radio station on an fm-only radio . yes . band availability is determined by the hardware radio set the phone was built with .
does your device auto-mount its storage to the pc when connected ? on most devices you need to pull down the notification bar and click the usb notification to mount . you should dismount the same way , after dismounting in linux , before unplugging the device . and , how much free space do you have ?
you normally have to be rooted to change how the filesystem is mounted .
you have to have root access to mount the drive as that article is describing ( calling su == becoming root ) . what are you trying to accomplish ? can you push the file to the sdcard instead ( if your device has one ) ?
you can attempt writing to /data/local/tmp/ as it is writable even by normal users .
if you are rooted , you can configure Firewall rules to block all except facebook , but i do not think your problem is that complex : when i open my 3g connection the mobile automatically connects to unknown servers . unable to understand what that mean as i can not open my 3g connection . seems to me , either you are talking about opening web browser or Background Data is screwing you . in the first case , make your homepage facebook . in the second case , turn off Background Data from Settings ~> Accounts and Sync . done ! if you want to do it with firewall way , open terminal emulator . switch to root by su command ( your device must be rooted for that ) . now , execute following commands in sequence : iptables -A OUTPUT -p tcp -d facebook.com -j ALLOW iptables -A OUTPUT -p tcp -d * -j DROP ( do it on your own risk after proper backups . some devices become unstable after it . )
normally you should have to install the driver of the tablet to have adb working with it . on the opposite , mass storage usually work out-of-the-box because any pc recognize this standard . after some search on google i found some info that may work with your tablet here : http://www.slatedroid.com/topic/70585-adb-drivers/page_ p _805857
i hate to sync with cloud/online service . my contacts list is confidential not to be uploaded on google account . i use dual boot on hd2 and for having the same calendar and contacts on android hd2 , i found myphoneexplorer . it will sync your outlook with your android device . it is possible to require phone android drivers . the contacts were synced with photo and everything . be patient , myphoneexplorer is not so quick as activesync .
how to transfer/backup data from windows mobile to android to make backups and transfer that data to your android device , you will need to install pim backup on your windows mobile device . go to www.dotfred.net and download the pim backup cab file for windows mobile 6.5 ( direct link : http://www.tinyurl.com/pimbackup65 ) . move it to your htc hd2 and install it . contacts : make a backup of your contacts with pim backup and save it as a csv file . copy the file to your computer and go to google contacts . click on more -> import . choose the csv file and press import . once your new phone has a proper connection to the internet , it'll automatically synchronise with the google servers and you will see a complete list of your contacts in the contacts app . calendar/appointments : use pim backup to backup all of your appointments to a csv file . copy that csv file to your computer . go to google calendar and click the mechanical wheel and click settings . go to calendars and click import calendar . choose the csv file and press import . once your new phone has a proper connection to the internet , it'll automatically synchronise with the google servers and you will see your appointments in your google calendar app . text messages/sms : use pim backup to backup your text messages to an .xml file . transfer that file to your phone to /sdcard/SMSBackupRestore . install the free app sms backup and restore on your android device . start it and restore the xml file . call log : use pim backup to backup your call log to an .xml file . transfer that file to your phone to /sdcard/CallLogBackupRestore . install the free app call logs backup and restore on your android device . start it and restore the xml file .
if you are also a outlook user and used activesync to sync your old windows phone , then a very nice tool to use is local sync . i migrated my contacts , appointments and other data flawlessly from my windows phone to android . but not sms data , because that is not data what outlook handles . but pimbackup should be fine for that .
here is how one teacher is using coach 's eye for android to create whiteboard style videos . hope it helps ! http://educationambassador.com/resources/entry/coachs-eye-app-is-elusive-android-flipping-whiteboard
it is most likely an app that you installed unknowingly or under false assumptions . to find out which app it is will be the harder part . first you can look through your list of installed apps , to see if there is anything there you do not recognize . next if you installed all your apps yourself ( or they came preloaded ) start looking at apps which require network permissions ( as to serve ads i am assuming the app would need to have access to the internet ) , if any of these apps look at all malicious un-install them . once you have found the offending app you can just reinstall the ones you took of by mistake . it also may be worth it to uninstall and reinstall the chrome browser just as a precaution .
as chahk mentioned : it is the lack of a front facing camera . but there are ways to fake a front facing camera , so that you can join hangouts .
you need to find a wifi dongle with a chipset the device supports . each chipset requires different drivers , so you will have to find one that is supported . there a discussion thread on the site you linked to about exactly this .
data files are usually kept in either /data/data/ [ packagename ] / or they could be stored on the sdcard . [ packagename ] will be something like com . fitnesskeeper . runkeeper . pro . the data file your looking for will probably be in that directory ( well , one of the sub-directories any how ) . as for if they store the data on the sdcard , most developers do not follow the recommendations to store the data in /sdcard/android/ so if they are on the sdcard , i could not tell you where to even look . i would suggest , after you look in /data/data , to look for the [ packagename ] some where on the sdcard , or look for something with runkeeper in the name .
this is really an " it depends " answer . if you are only installing applications and streaming any media you consume , 16gb is sufficient . if you are copying media locally , 32gb should be a minimum . by way of example , the tablet i was using on my last vacation only had 2gb used . my son 's was full at 16gb with the movies and tv shows we had copied on to last him a week and he ended up watching the same shows over and over .
there are free apps that enable bluetooth connectivity of keyboards like bluekeyboard jp , bluetooth keyboard easyconnect . there is also a paid app bluetooth ( null ) keyboard . try one of these for connecting your keyboard with your phone .
i use go launcher pro . there in the running tab it shows clock . may be he stock launcher application hides running system processes from showing .
you may try checking the settings -> applications -> development -> stay awake checkbox . note a caveat mentioned in the android manual : " don’t use this setting with a static image on the phone for long periods of time , or the screen may be marked with that image . "
settings -> wireless and network -> wi-fi settings . press the [ menu/options ] button , and select advanced now choose in the wi-fi sleep policy : never keep in mind that your battery is going to drain faster ( because the wifi will never be turned off unless you manually do it ) , and is easy to forget that you changed the sleep policy .
generally , reboot binary provides a recovery switch . after switching to root , execute this command : /system/bin/reboot recovery this may not work if your manufacturer does not support it . rom manager type apps uses api of android which you can not access via terminal emulator directly .
as far as i know of , there is a " make available offline " option which allows one to select and download the most recent version of a portion of the map . of course , you will need an internet connection to download it first . how to : menu> make available offline ; from there you should be able to select a region to download .
if its not too much data you are looking for , you can try to clear the cache before you want to save something for offline use . but the cache size is not too big , so do not expect too much .
as mentioned in comments , i also have a nexus 4 ( 4.2.2 ) and it daydreams ok when charging ( usb to wall charger ) when set to sleep after 15 seconds . " daydreaming " is triggered when the device goes to sleep ( or when sleep mode would normally be triggered ) . it would seem that if the " stay awake " option is checked in " developer options " then sleep mode is never triggered and the device never daydreams . so , the solution is to uncheck the " stay awake " option . " daydream " is like a conditional stay-awake option . the screen does not switch off and for this reason a device can only be set to daydream when it is connected to a power source .
daydream does not trigger if phone is switched off by button .
you can set a navbar on your device by just adding a single line to your build . prop file . qmenu.hw.maikeys=0 also you can disable you current h/w buttons by give a # symbol before <code> key 172 home key 158 back key 139 menu </code> in file /system/usr/keylayout/Generic.kl es file exporer will automatically make a backup for those files . you can use that . bak files if you want to revert . you can edit build . prop file using es file manager app or you can try flashing zip specified here
i would assume less , as all formatting is built into the app , while using the web browser you would need to download the ' whole ' page including gmails ui etc
the app definitely uses less data than a browser , because it only loads the email 's contents , while the website loads a lot of stuff along with it . the app needs to download just the gmail content and some information about it ( sender , cc etc . ) . if you are worried about data limits , then go for the app . it is both faster and uses less data .
as far as i know the data consumption of gmail app will be less than that of browser . because all the styling info are built into the app itself , it only need to get the raw text data , which may be in the form of json or xml . but in case of browser it has to download styling info such as css and client side scripts such as javascript along with email content .
with 32 gb when i go to settings i can see 25 gb available storage though the device is declared to have 32gb , part of that is reserved for the firmware . the entire 32gb are partitioned : /system for the device-firmware /recovery for the recovery ( see : recovery-mode ) /boot for the boot image /cache for application cache /data for apps and their data ( see : internal-storage ) the 25 gb you see are those from the internal-storage aka /data . this answer only covers the first part of your question . for the second part , we need some more details .
if you have a dropbox account , you can use dropsync to select which folders you want to sync to the cloud . i am sure there are other solutions , but this is one thing you can consider .
it might be a call from google+ . see if the google+ app is installed . if it is , then disable/uninstall it .
that happened to my samsung wi-fi " not smartphone , just touch " . i live in jordan , and i received a call twice from an unknown number . it rang with no sound on the microphone and no sim card . it is really weird , but i think the most common factor is the samsung phone . it might be kind of an emergency call , or the company puts kind of tracking system to see if these devices are still in service .
i achieve on this using tasker . for the apps in the sd card i created a profile with the context events -> hardware -> card mounted and it loads all apps i want . for the apps in the phone i created a profile with the context events -> system -> device boot and it loads all apps i want . note : the first thing you must do before anything in both of this contexts is wait a few seconds . in the " card mounted " event is to let android load all the apps installed in the memory ( i am guessing ) and in the " device boot " is because after booting android is too busy doing important stuff ( i am quoting tasker guys ) .
fixed it . i am writing my fix if other people will encounter the same problem . also , that i must stress that this fix will work only for cyangenmod users ! the problem is that there is not enough space in /cache/ , so when the market wants to download a " too large app " , it throws an exception saying " there is not enough free space " . you can see that error if you have the android sdk and you run " adb logcat " , and try to download an app ( you will get " not enough free space in internal download storage" ) . so how to fix it ? the easiest way i found is to download an app called " s2e " . you can try to download it from the market . if you can not , look for the apk , and install it from the sdcard . once you installed it , you can choose directories that will be moved to the sd-ext instead of the phone 's internal memory . check " download cache location : /sd-ext/download " . than click on " menu " and than " reboot " . that is it ! :- )
thanks to @strdisplayname , i figured out how to make it work : if s2e does not work for you either , you can launch an adb shell and type the following commands : # cd /cache # mv download download.old # mkdir -p /sdcard/cache/download # ln -s /sdcard/cache/download download  and it should just work : )
are you sure that that is not the way it should be ? today i recived a 4.0.4 system update for my nexus s . try updating yours from 4.0.3 to 4.0.4 . edit : that is the way its ment to be . me and many people i know have it like that . where did you get the first image of the dock bar from ?
you need to differentiate between a " hard reset " ( hover the mouse over that tag : a forced reboot/shutdown by removing power ( take out the battery , usually ) ) and a " factory reset " ( again , mouse-over : a factory reset results in a full reset of an android device to the original settings of the currently-installed rom . ) . hard-reset : here it is unlikely ( though not absolutely impossible ) to lose your stored contacts factory-reset : here it is very sure they are deleted , as all data and all user-installed apps are deleted from the device however , you can make a backup of your contacts . in the contacts app itself , when pressing the menu key , you should find a menu item for " export/import " . select to " export " , and have it save the data to your sdcard . to be absolutely safe , before doing a factory reset copy all the sdcard 's contents to e.g. your pc . after the factory-reset , you can use the very same item in the contacts app to re-import the data . btw : contacts export uses a common file format , which is understood by many other programs as well ( *.vcf which means vcard file ) . it can be read e.g. by gmail ( even the web interface ) or outlook as well . if you have your contacts synced with google , they should be restored automatically once you configured your google account on the device after the factory reset .
sounds like it is just not copying sent messageinto your mailbox at all , only keeping them locally . i would assume that is just a shortcoming of the app and you had need to use a different one that supports that feature . the default client is very basic and buggy . have you considered using gmail ? you can configure it ( through the web ) to get mail from an imap account , and then you could use the gmail app ( which is very good ) .
there is also the most excellent and customizable k9 mail client that supports imap , pop3 and exchange 2003/2007 ( with webdav ) . lots of features and its freeware too . i think you can specify folders on your server for special items like sent , drafts etc . also , it has push mail or you can configure it to poll at intervals .
looking at the source , there are at least 4 codecs : sbc ( mandatory ) , mp3 ( mpeg12 ) , aac ( mpeg24 ) and sony 's atrac . the underlying software is linux ' " bluez " stack . it supports sbc and has limited mp3 capabilities . the changelog for v3.25 ( 2009 ? ) reads : " add limited support for mpeg12/mp3 codec " . ./android/external/bluetooth/bluez/ChangeLog: ver 3.25: Add limited support for Handsfree profile. Add limited support for MPEG12/MP3 codec.  see also the v3.25 announcement . mp3 support seems to depend on gstreamer which is not available on android , so i just guess sbc is the only option for a2dp to boot . ps : most a2dp devices seem to lack support for mp3/aac due to patents/licencing issues ( including linux ) .
it all depends on trust . go to http://forum.xda-developers.com and search for your device . there are high chances your device will have a separate thread on rooting . read the entire discussion and try to root . just remember one thing , always backup before doing anything . the thread will , most probably , contain a guide to backup your factory image too .
if an app you have been using is not offered on the play store for some reason ( other than being removed for legal reasons , or if it is malware ) , you can usually still find and install it from your install history . from the web version of the play store , click on apps , then click on my apps on the left which should take you to https://play.google.com/apps which should show a list of all of the apps you have ever installed , including ones which have been discontinued , and you can click through to install them : alternatively you can do the same thing on your phone , open the play store app , go to my apps , and then change from the " installed " tab to the " all " tab and scroll down until you find your app ( i think they are listed in the order that you first installed them ) : ( i would advise using the web page , as you can normally find what you are after quicker than when doing a lot of scrolling down in the app )
showing the same amount of content on a 4.6" screen would make it prohibitively small in most cases . you would not be able to read it , so putting that much content on the screen just does not make sense . resolution determines how many pixels you can display , but one pixel is not the same size on every screen . making content usable and readable requires you to use up more pixels on a smaller screen because they are more densely packed . for a good comparison , open a web page on a galaxy nexus and zoom all the way out . the same page viewed on a 14" ( or such ) monitor with similar resolution would be no problem , but the text is nearly indecipherable on your phone . from the standpoint of " how is this accomplished technically " - it largely depends on how an app is written . by default , android will simply scale the interface on to the larger screen , which may or may not cause more data to be visible ( consider a scrolling list , for example : more items would be visible on a larger screen ) . that is the most basic scenario . it is also possible , however , for a developer to define entirely different layouts based upon screen size or density . therefore , the layouts on a 7" device may be completely unrelated to the layouts on a 4" device or 10" device . this gives developers a lot of flexibility to create richer uis for tablets ( and other such devices ) while keeping the phone uis useable . this is covered in length on android 's developers site .
that is because the pixels per inch ( ppi ) is different between them . the higher the ppi , the higher the quality but at a cost of ( relative ) smaller screen size . so the nexus 7 has 216 pixels per inch while the galaxy nexus has 316 pixels per inch . the resolution is not everything , you also have to consider the density of the pixels . high ppi values have the advantage that it is hd but it also has a disadvantage which is a smaller screen size ( at a persistent resolution ) . you can read more about ppi here .
to understand why nexus 7 can show more content than the galaxy nexus , i will first explain two concepts : screen density and density-independent-pixel . but before we go into technical details , it may be worth to clarify the design goals of using density-independent-pixels . the goal is to define a ui that is similar in dimension across devices , regardless of the screen size . so in this case the appearance of the menus is the same in the galaxy nexus and the tablet ( side by side should look very similar ) , but , as one has a bigger screen , more content can be shown . the designer selects an appearance that looks good for a certain size ( a 160 dpi screen is the base ) and this is " simulated " in this case in devices with higher dpi . screen density commonly referred to as dpi ( dots per inch ) . android groups all actual screen densities into four generalized densities : low ( 120 ) , medium ( 160 ) , high ( 240 ) , and extra high ( 320 ) . a device such as galaxy nexus has " extra high " screen density ( more specifically , the dpi value is set at 320 ) . the nexus 7 uses " tvdpi " - i.e. 213 dpi . density independent pixel commonly referred to as dp . this is the virtual pixel unit used when displaying content . the density-independent pixel is equivalent to one physical pixel on a 160 dpi screen . to calculate dp use the following formula : px = dp * (dpi / 160)  or equivalently : dp = (px / dpi) * 160  the reason nexus 7 can show more content than the galaxy nexus despite having similar resolutions is this : the dpi of nexus 7 is lower than galaxy nexus . galaxy nexus ( 320 dpi , 720 pixels wide ) (720 / 320) * 160 = 360 dp  nexus 7 ( 213 dpi , 800 pixels wide ) (800 / 213) * 160 = 600 dp  this means that when apps are rendering on the galaxy nexus , the width of the screen is actually 360 dp ( rendered using 720 pixels ) . whereas on the nexus 7 , the width of the screen is 600 dp ( rendered using 800 pixels ) . bonus if your galaxy nexus is rooted , you can use an app such as lcd density modder and change the dpi of your device to 240 . what you will get is something a lot closer to nexus 7 in a smaller package . on the left is a screenshot of the device at 240 dpi . you will notice we can see a lot more content when the dpi is lower . nothing to do with ppi the other answers mention ppi . the amount of content displayed has nothing to do with the ppi of a device . though commonly , vendors select the dpi that is closest to the ppi of the device . ( e . g . galaxy nexus has a ppi of 316 , but a dpi of 320 , where as nexus 7 has a ppi of 216 , but uses a 213 dpi ) . further reading http://developer.android.com/guide/practices/screens_support.html
sorry for the stupid answer , but : the galaxy nexus makes everything bigger . for example , the small letter ' a ' can have a width of 30 pixels on the galaxy nexus , while it only has 20 pixels on the nexus 7 . this way , more letters can fit on the screen . the reason why they appear to be the same size ( e . g . 3mm if you put a ruler on the screen ) is , as the others said , pixel density . basically , pixels are bigger , physically , on the nexus 7 . the reason why the galaxy nexus makes everything bigger is so that you can actually use it without keeping it an inch from your face . if the letter ' a ' would have a width of 20 pixels , like on the nexus 7 , it would be too small to read comfortably ( because pixels are much smaller ) .
you have to at least sign in once in the app , it cannot be used without connecting an account to it . now how much the app rely on online data to work , it is hard to tell without actually using it . so far , i have tried it and some informations like appointment and the weather are accessible ( cached ) , but the app warns you that no data connection is available . obviously , you will not receive any update while offline .
looks like it is possible . have not done it myself , but this looks promising . it indicates that you need to be rooted and already have koush’s droid x bootstrap recovery installed , but from there it looks like a matter of simply applying the rom . zip file from recovery .
i ended up figuring it out , but it took a lot of research and time . here 's what i did , probably not exactly like this since it took me a few tries to get right : root your phone . download the koush bootstrapper/loader and install it onto your phone , via their site or the android market . go to team defuse 's website to download the fission 2.2 zip file . put this on your sd card somewhere . boot into koush , apply the bootloader patch , and then reboot into the bootloader . clear cache/data , mount /data and /system , clear cache/data again , install update , select zip file on sd card , once that is done , clear cache/data again , and then reboot . you should then boot into a fresh install of " vanilla " froyo android . no apps . no settings . and best of all , no motoblur ! . . . i think i got all that right . if i missed something , let me know .
if you downgrade , you will need to re-root it again . if you are confident in flashing and using google 's adb and fastboot tools , then could point you to the direction of google factory images for the nexus . be aware of the differing versions available , flashing the wrong one could end up messing the device and having to re-do the flash again . you will have to identify it , it would be shown on the bootloader screen , and pick the appropriate version , there is the 2012 model , 2013 model with variations of wifi , one with 3g+wifi and another with lte .
flash the nf2 modem , i had the exact same use with no imei / baseband http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2649176 cp_n9005xxufnf2 . tar . md5 is the file you want
you can try some dedicated apps for this such as : easyshare - adds all sorts of sharing options picasa tool pro - tool for managing your picasa account from the phone .
found the problem . it is not that picasa was not there as a share option , but rather it was not visible . there were too many items installed that offer this intent , and the gallery application does not have a scrollable menu . this is apparently a known bug and it is been there for quite a while so it does not look like it is going to get fixed either . i now use a different application for sharing to picasa .
it just works , no need to wipe . you do not need to wipe , according to a blog post on cyanogenmod 's google plus channel : upgrading from cm10 to cm10.1 as you may have noticed , we started updating some devices from cm10 ( android 4.1 ) to 10.1 ( android 4.2 ) during the weekend . the upgrade process has been tested extensively for the older devices ( manta and mako did not have that problem since they started out with 10.1 ) , so you should be able to update directly without losing any data . the single application known not to work is the clock : our changes to 4.1 's clock to add the stopwatch and timer in cm10 are not compatible with google 's own implementation of those features in 4.2 ( which we are using in cm10.1 ) ; if your clock starts crashing after upgrading to 10.1 , simply go into the settings -> apps menu , choose clock from the all tab , and hit " clear data " .
i am using version 4.0.3 on a samsung galaxy s2 . to mount the internal storage and any installed sd card via the usb do the following : unplug usb cable . goto settings -> more . . . -> usb utilities -> connect storage to pc and follow the instructions .
easy playlist editor allows filtering by folder and then saving the matches as a playlist .
that is how sms usually works . when you send a text to a group of people , only they should be able to that they got it . they will not be able to see who else got the text . . unless you were sending sms through google hangouts .
this is a feature of the particular app that you are using . if you are referring to the sms messaging app , there are various sms apps replacements available on google play , you can customize the smiley on some sms replacement apps or disable them entirely .
yahoos settings for android : Yahoo Incoming Mail Server (IMAP): android.imap.mail.yahoo.com, SSL (port 993) Yahoo Outgoing Mail Server (SMTP): android.smtp.mail.yahoo.com, SSL (port 365) use auth
what are the bt yahoo ! mail settings for outgoing and incoming mail servers ? incoming mail ( pop3 ) server : mail . btinternet . com with port 110 outgoing mail ( smtp ) server : mail . btinternet . com with port 25 account name/login name : your email address ( including the "@btinternet.com" or "@btopenworld.com" part ) password : your bt yahoo ! password step-by-step online step-by-step instructions to help with your email setup .
i had tried all combinations of security settings but crucially it was the ' request sign in ' bit that was needed along with selecting port 465 ( ss l certificates option ) .
i have been experiencing the same problem with a samsung galaxy s2 and a bt yahoo account , namely can receive but not send email . after many unsuccessful variations on pop3/imap and port combinations the following finally seems to have worked : incoming imap server : [imap.mail.yahoo.com] [ ssl port 993 ] [ user name is your whole bt email address . use your normal account password . ] outgoing smtp server : [smtp.mail.yahoo.com] [ ssl port 465 ] ( finally - and crucially - select " require sign in " and use your email address ( username ) and account password as for the incoming . ) this may only be relevant to the galaxy s2
i only could reset the phone . . cannot remove the encryption .
open the app My Files tap All Files you may see Device Storage and possibly SD memory card tap either ( or both ) tap Download ( or download ) select files individually , or tap the menu button then Select all tap the trash can icon
its because you accidently cleared the history of downloads from settings . a way to delete those 50 mb is to : 1 . go to My files app default file explorer in your device. 2 . tap on the folder named Download . 3 . your downloaded files are here . select and delete the files you want to . that is it .
have you considered running android directly from the sd card ? it runs great ( just do not go cheap on the sd card ) , is surprisingly easy to set up ( the hardest part for me was being patient for the nook to finish its initial charging ) , and if you have any problems or change your mind , you just pop out the card and it is a bog-standard nook again .
it is possible to set up dual boot for the nook color . booting normally will boot into say cyanogen , pressing volume down during boot will boot into the nook stock rom . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1275859
it sounds to me like you want to keep a rooted version of the nook os ( which will have to be rebooted to run non-bn apps ) ( quoted from the cyanogenmod wiki ) prior to rooting the barnes and noble nook color , it is recommend you register it with the barnes and noble . setting up unooter in order to properly flash an unooter image to a sd card , you will need to use an usb card adapter or have an internal sd card slot on the computer . writing the unooter image to the sd card will wipe it , backup anything of value and/or importance elsewhere . download the unooter image : unooter : http://cmw.22aaf3.com/encore/root/unooter.zip md5: 4e1e7be9939aaef43d3a1d04cb17b2cd unzip the unooter zipfile . write the unooter image to the sd card : windows due to windows not having the ability to write images to drives , you will need win32diskimager to accomplish this . latest version should be fine . http://launchpad.net/win32-image-writer/+download insert the sd card you are going to use to write the unooter image to . open win32diskimager . select the downloaded and extracted unooter image with the folder button . select the drive letter for the sd card . write the unooter image . linux insert the sd card you are going to use to write the unooter image to . on the computer , open up terminal and navigate the directory where the extracted unooter image is located . once in the same directory as the unooter image , type the following commands : umount /dev/ note : is the device file associated with the sd card , e.g. , sdc or mmcblk0 , and not the mount point , e.g. , sdc1 or mmcblk0p1 . dd if=unooter . img of=/dev/ bs=1m mac os x insert the sd card you are going to use to write the unooter image to . on the computer , open up terminal and navigate the directory where the extracted unooter image is located . once in the same directory as the unooter image , type the following commands : diskutil list note : this will help you identify the sd card . make sure it is the sd card and not one of the hard drives of the computer . diskutil unmountdisk /dev/ note : is the device file associated with the sd card , e.g. disk2 . dd if=unooter . img of=/dev/ bs=1m the unooter image is now setup on the sd card . continue to the next section . gaining root access power off the barnes and noble nook color . also if the device is connected to a computer , disconnect it . insert the newly setup unooter sd card into the barnes and noble nook color . connect the barnes and noble nook color to the computer . this will trigger the barnes and noble nook color to power on ( the screen will remain off ) and allow unooter to root the device . this screen is black for up to ten minutes . the computer will see a new usb device . windows : the computer may complain about missing drivers . simply cancel through them at this time . linux : the barnes and noble nook color will show up the computer as a rndis ethernet device . you may ignore this . mac os x : the barnes and noble nook color will show up as an additional ethernet device . just cancel when you see the dialog box pop up . once this occurs , disconnect the barnes and noble nook color from the computer . the barnes and noble nook color may restart itself . if it restarts normal , continue to the next step . if it does not , power it off , remove the sd card and power it back on normal . at this point the barnes and noble nook color is rooted . two notes from my experience : use a small sd card , as you will not be able to reuse it . i recommend going to the cyanogenmod wiki , setting up clockwordmod , and installing google apps , as this will not activate adb . sorry , not enough reputation to post the link .
unfortunately , i would say you probably have a hardware issue here . i have had two phones do similar things , one did not connect at all , the other would connect only for a moment before basically shutting the gps down . both of these ended up being hardware issues resulting in me returning the devices . my best advice would be to try multiple apps to test gps signal , ( i use gps status or tricorder ) , and if you get no gps reception from any of them , contact your manufacturer , or the people you purchased it from . usually resellers will refund or replace products that malfunction without provocation . if you do get signal with any of them or you get partial gps signal sometimes , i would still contact your reseller or manufacturer with the issues , while continuing to test it in different places alongside other ( android 4.0 , if possible ) devices .
you can download razr_blade_linux . zip from http://batakang.com/ftp/?dir=droid_razr but i do not know whether its trustable site or not
having a different external display was one of the new features with jelly bean 4.2 you will need a siutable update for your s3 to stand a chance . what level of support you will get then is still in doubt depending upon the real hardware capabilities and what support samsung put in .
i am not positive when it was added , but if you open one of the duplicate contacts and edit it , you can press menu> join to collapse two entries into one .
this setting backs your data up to google 's magic cloud . it includes what apps you have installed , and some apps ' settings ( if they are written to take advantage of it ) which are restored when you first sign in to a new phone . relevant quote from the android 2.3 user guide , pg 18: you can choose to back up some of your data , such as your bookmarks , your user dictionary , your wi-fi passwords , and many other settings , to your google account , on google servers . some third-party applications may also take advantage of this feature . that way , when you need to replace your phone ( when you upgrade or replace a lost phone ) , or if you reinstall an application , you can restore your settings and other data . for information about changing this setting later , see “privacy settings” on page 370 . that setting controls apps ' ability to use this api , which includes google 's apps such as market .
you might need to update the drivers for your device . try to search for drivers on google or the website for samsung mobiles , mainly samsung . com !
if you want to work with adb , the mtp driver is not really relevant . mtp stands for media transfer protocol , and is used to exchange ( media ) files . what you need is the adb driver ( adb stands for android debug bridge ) . i recommend you taking a look at the universal adb driver , which covers most android devices . if this driver does not work , check with your manufacturer 's website for a device specific driver .
i have followed the exact steps from link : samsung mobile mtp device cannot be installed stackoverflow tutorial here are steps : ( for Windows specific instructions ) : ensure phone is not connected to pc . uninstall kies from pc . reboot your pc and reinstall kies after that . just for great measure . . . open kies , go to Tools | Troubleshoot connection error . follow instructions and wait for it to finish the troubleshooting procedure . reboot your phone ( or turn off and then on your phone again ) . Do not connect it to your PC just yet. once rebooted , go to your phone 's dialer , type *#7284# - a configuration window will appear . in that window 's usb section , if it is default to pda , tap modem , then back to pda , ( if it is modem in the beginning , change it to pda ) then press the back key to exit . most importantly , it must set as pda when you exit . turn off usb debugging in your phone . ( optional ) set your phone 's screen timeout to a lengthy time . ( minimum 1-2 minutes - recommended 5mins to 30mins ) its found in settings | display . you can change this back later on . connect the phone to your pc with usb cable and let windows load your drivers . . . and wait for the drivers to get reinstalled . once reinstalled , disconnect the phone off usb . switch usb debugging back on in your phone settings , and reconnect the phone back - you will see windows load another set of drivers for your phone . wait until it is completed . ( this step is a precautionative measure to ensure your phone is identified with all the necessary drivers ) once complete , unplug your phone , and turn off usb debugging . . . this is to ensure mtp will initialize . also , press the phone 's home key until your homescreen is displayed . only after doing all that , reconnect your phone back to pc . test and see if mtp works using windows explorer . you will see your phone 's usb storage and sdcard contents if it does . hope it will help you . .
the galaxy s duos allows for both sim cards to be active simultaneously , meaning that you can receive a call on one sim even while you are on a call with the other . what happens is that calls from your other sim are forwarded to your currently active sim 's network , which you can put on hold to answer ( this might incur additional network charges ) . you can put the two calls on and off hold as you please . you can toggle the dual sim always on option on or off for either sim card . effectively , this enables call waiting and call forwarding so you can switch each sim card on and off individually ( which can help save battery ) . during a call , the active sim gets displayed at the top of the call interface . you can also pick which sim is to be used for mobile data - only one can be used at a time . another option is whether or not the phone should be able to receive calls on the other sim while using mobile data on one sim .
i also see this . i doubt it is the usb connection or the rest of the setup because i can develop and debug for hours with a moto droid connected to the same system . galaxy tab drops out of usb mode spontaneously after about a minute . only way to get it back is to unplug the cable , re-enable usb debugging , and reconnect . one way to keep the galaxy tab connected is to click the entry with its serial number in the devices pane in eclipse whenever it goes grey . that is only a little less annoying than cycling the usb cable and the debug setting on the tab because if you wait too long , the tab disconnects and its entry disappears from devices .
well , i figured out how to get it to stop unchecking the box , though the solution is hardly much less a pain . if you activate the debugging mode , plug in the cable , run your test and then as soon as you are done testing ( or if you are not actually debugging , as soon as the app is installed ) , unplug it , the checkbox will stay checked indefinitely . you are still replugging the device every re-compile , but at least you do not have to keep going back to the settings menu to re-check the box .
have you tried to change the adb connection time-out value ? you can find it under eclipse-> preferences-> android-> ddms
i have tried multiple times , and have never found a way for the build in adb client to recognise itself . i think it is due to the fact that it checks it on usb etc - i could be wrong however . it is safe to say though that there is no way for the adb client in android to recognise it is server self - sorry !
i do not think you can access the device directly from adb on the device . but you can access the logcat if you need to in /dev/log/ . just about anything you would need to access via adb should be accessible directly on the device , one way or another . for example , adb gets screenshots from reading /dev/graphics/fb0
might be best to attempt download of alogcat from the google play store . there is an option in there under menu > preferences > periodic save from within the same application , that can be set , which activates the frequency of periodic saving , which gets saved to the sdcard . that should make things easier somewhat to get the log without having to plug it in via usb .
i do not know how to make the setting stick , but if you are using ics you can easily disable the samsung calendar app - so it will act as if it is uninstalled . you can disable it by clicking the disable button on the app settings page - just above the disable notifications checkbox . once this is done , reboot your device and it will act as if that app is no longer installed !
i have same issue on my s2 . the problem is a conflict between google calendar and samsung stock calendar . the second one overwrite settings of google calendar . only solution is disable it and use google calendar .
this applies to the original htc desire , codename bravo . the instructions have been tested to work on the gsm version of the phone with android 2.3.3 . how to enter safe mode power off the phone . press and hold down the menu button , and then press and let go of the power button , but continue holding the menu button . the phone will power on and start booting . the phone will vibrate when it enters safe mode . let go of the menu button when you get past the htc logo with " quietly brilliant " animation , or when you feel the phone vibrate . you will see the text " safe mode " in the lower left corner of the display if the phone has entered safe mode properly . how to leave safe mode to leave safe mode , follow these instructions . while in safe mode , press and hold the power button until you see the power options menu . tap the option " power off " . the phone will now leave the safe mode and quickly reboot into normal mode . note that it will not actually do a power off . if you want to power off repeat these steps once more ( while in normal mode ) . important notes about android 2.3 and fast boot if you have upgraded to android 2.3.3 then you should have " fast boot " disabled . if fast boot is enabled the phone will not do a complete power off . this has the advantage that the phone boots more quickly . but to enter safe mode the phone needs to be completely off . you can achieve this by either disabling fast boot first , and then powering off the phone . or you can power off , with fast boot enabled , and then take out the battery to disconnect the power source , and then put it back in . then you can enter safe mode as described above . you will find the fast boot option by pressing menu button , then going to settings , applications , and then check or un-check the option " fast boot " . if you have android 2.2 or below , then you do not need to worry about fast boot . you can check which version you have by pressing menu button , then going to settings , about phone , and then software information .
there is no way to disable the power button thru software because power button signals is hardwired to the phone 's internals . hardware modding is the only option for this happen i suggest getting that button repaired . its not really expensive ( 250php equivalent to 6$ usd ) , and can be done quite fast . not sure about official service centers though
you could try this fix those running the cynogen mod on their htc desire and experiencing problems with auto adjustment of brightness would be happy to hear that a fix has been developed to tackle it . if it does not work you could try another rom to determine if its a software or a hardware issue .
if you really want the brightness that low on your device , try an " overlay " dimmer which displays a dark layer over the screen to simulate darker brightness . to you it will be the same . try lux . it will let you pick how low to let the brightness goes ( just before flickering ) , then it will activate the overlay beyond that .
if your device talks about " low memory " , it is not evaluating the sd card -- but rather means internal memory . so it does not help to buy a bigger sd card : what you have to do is to free up internal storage . this is an issue coming up here frequently -- so for details please look at the solutions already present : low disk storage space more internal memory or less memory + sd card my internal storage capacity is running low , what can i do ? message memory full , incoming message rejected there are many more -- just follow the internal-storage tag and watch out . . .
i do not think there is any official rom from samsung for galaxy note that does not contain any of their framework application . your only option is to install custom rom . cyanogenmod will be one of the best choices since it is build based on aosp .
according to androidcentral and these xda posts , the photon 4g is specifically made to prevent access to at and t or t-mobile and an unlock code will not do anything . presumably so that if you are in the us and do not need to roam away from sprint , you can not switch away from sprint . the limitation does not appear to have been hacked around yet .
if you use the swype keyboard , holding the space key gives you a tab . smart keyboard pro also has tab , press ?123 twice for it . reference : http://androidforums.com/android-applications/151563-softkeyboard-tab-key.html
on the stock keyboard on my droid ( the soft keyboard , not the slide-out ) i see the tab character on the alt-symbol keyboard . hit ? 123 key , then alt . the tab key looks like an arrow pointing right to a line .
problem solved . i cleared the cache . to do this i restarted the phone into the bootloader by pressing and holding the power button and down volume key . i then selected recovery . from the next screen i selected wipe cache partition .
try going to the phones settings > account and sync , click on your email address and uncheck sync next to contacts . next go back to settings > applications > manage applications and select the " all " tab . scroll down and click on contacts storage . then click on clear data . finally go back to settings > accounts and sync . click on your email address and select the sync for contacts which will start to resync . give it a few . . . let me know if that helped .
ifconfig -a to list interfaces . ifconfig wlan0 hw ether ff:ff:ff:ff:ff:ff to set the mac address , replacing wlan0 with the interface you want to use , and the mac address with the one you want to spoof . not all drivers support changing the mac address though , so this may not work .
as superuser run : # netcfg  a list with the interfaces will appear . for example my interface was eth0 # ifconfig eth0 down # ifconfig eth0 hw ether your:new:mac # ifconfig eth0 up  note that not all drivers support this operation , and the android ifconfig do not support these commands . you will need another ifconfig executable , perhaps that from busybox will be suitable . after the reboot these changes are lost .
latitude is working fine but i have often observed update delays like you mentioned . there is no way to change the update behavior of the software . on the other hand , latitude has the advantage of having a low impact on battery life when it is activated . another solution that lets share location information is glympse . this software lets you share your location with anyone and the updates are mostly in real-time . for this to work you need to send a glympse to someone and you chose a delay during which the location is shared . the main drawback is the high power usage .
there are a few reasons that immediately pop into my head . available power plays an important role in whether or not latitude updates your position . when the battery is fully charged , you will find an insane amount of updates . when the battery power starts to go down , updates become more infrequent . driving around with the phone plugged in to the cigarette lighter keeps giving me updates around every minute ( with maps in foreground ) . the google maps app is not in the foreground . if the app is the primary thing running , the updates are frequent . settings . see the other response about making sure your settings are correct when it come to updating location . note : after a lot of searching , i found a paper describing that google maps improves itself by having people walking/driving around with google maps in the foreground ( as well as gps and wifi turned on ) . it takes measurements of signal strength from cell towers and private wifi networks to determine location .
if you did not try this already latitude has a " real-time updating " feature since maps 4.6 . to enable this : click on the person you want real-time updates from , on their latitude profile you should see an option to get " real-time updating " . click that and you will get another dialog asking how long you want the real-time update ( 15 , 30 , or 60 min ) . when you go back to the map that that person will be orange instead of blue now .
latify allows you to specify a location polling update interval towards google latitude . it will sync to google latitude using that interval . you can choose to do gps or wifi updates . also runs in the background so you do not need to know it is running . can also store your location changes on your phone ( when no data connection is available ) , and syncup with google latitude when a connection becomes available .
if those do not work for you , there is also backitude
you need to look for hebfix or rtl fix . unfortunately , i was unable to find a direct download link . hope this is enough to get you started . a good place to look would be http://iandroid.co.il or http://www.xda-developers.com/ . if you find a good link to download from , you can update my answer : )
it is not a perfect answer but most note applications should support automatic hyperlink creation with phone numbers . in my case i use colorenote and the process would be " open app " -> " create new note " -> " write #" -> " hangup " -> " click on number " and the call starts . . .
i have a samsung galaxy , and when i am in a call i have the ability to create a memo by pressing the menu key , and selecting the memo option .
i found that number saver is the closest to a solution . it adds an icon to the notification area when on call and will even automatically switch to speakers when run during a call
i was also looking for something like this , but then found out a solution that works for me . while on call , click home button and go to contacts and add new contact . the active call stays in notifications and you can bring it back up anytime .
on my phone ( nexus s ) , all outgoing calls are logged in the call log -- from which you can long-press to add the number to your contacts .
preloading no longer available on version 5.6 and above . source
it looks like there is an issue with the exchange server certificates and froyo . i have found a few others with the same issue : exchange 2007 does not work after ota 2.2 update android 2.2 , frf91 now active-sync is unable to connect to server , all was fine on android 2.1 those links have several workarounds that might solve your problem as long as you can get your it team to help figure out what is going on . i have seen several people mention the the touchdown ( appbrain link ) app is not having any problems . touchdown is an alternative to the built-in exchange sync . it might be the easiest solution for you - though it is a paid app - $19.99 as of right now . qr code for the app market :
no , do not try to do this , or you will brick your device . shv-e160l and gt-n7000 have completely different processors ( qualcomm snapdragon apq8060 for shv-e160l , and samsung s5pc210 for gt-n7000 ) ; e.g. , see this comparison . there are some custom roms for shv-e160l in the xda-developers section for at and t samsung galaxy note i717 ( this device is closer to shv-e160l , but also not 100% compatible , so look carefully and use only roms which are made for shv-e160l ) .
well the 4.1.2 was in the fat32 format however the 4.2.2 wants a " exfat " but becarefull since this format is very weird because in not always working due to the fact that the master table very messy therefore it might asking for the deframenting often . so it can lock it self 0x . . . . so re format to exfat and everthing should will be fine and there should be no issues .
you know the same way you know that any card reader the merchant is using does not clone your card or misuse your payment details : you do not know at all . it is possible for apps to detect whether the phone has been rooted or not , so one might expect that a payment app would refuse to work on a rooted phone , just like some video streaming apps do . but as the consumer , it is not possible for you to verify the security of the merchant 's card reader , whether it is a smartphone or a special-purpose device . the good news is that it is not your responsibility to do so . if the merchant allows your card details to be misused , whether deliberately or through negligence , they will get into trouble with their merchant acquirer ( i.e. . their bank ) . you can " dispute " any fraudulent transactions with your bank to get them reversed .
swiftkey is free and works inside and outside knox
i just set up a knox container myself and it seems that it is a secure sandbox environment that does not have access to your regular apps ( any downloaded keyboard included ) or even the play store at all . it has its own knox store , i suppose to keep the knox container more secure . i was able to find a keyboard app for sale ( quickwrite keyboard ) in the knox store but it is not cheap .
it sounds to me like alkido 1.1 was bundled on your device as a system app . to remove a system app , you need root . there are two ways to address this easily , i would prefer #1 myself . method 1 uninstall alkido 2.0 . install titanium backup . run titanium and wait for it to load your app list . go to the app list and long-press on alkido 1.1 . choose " integrate with market " or similar . go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , find the market , and clear the data for it . open the market , go to your apps , and update alkido . if that does not work or you do not want to bother keeping alkido as a system app : method 2 install titanium . run titanium , long-press on alkido 1.1 . choose " uninstall " or similar . you should not need the " hack " version of uninstalling that it mentions , but you can try that if the regular uninstall does not work . alkido 2.0 will be unaffected if you did not uninstall it in method 1 .
i have an s4 ( build number i9505xxubmga ) using the nova launcher . however , i have changed to the stock launcher , and testing your scenario . my apps are sorted alpabetically ( view type > alphabetical grid ) . so , i created 4 different folders that would be strategically placed in different pages . in edit mode , i dragged 1 app to the every edge of the screen , and it moved to the next page . i looked for the folder and dropped it there . success ! : ) the key here is to drag it to the very edge of the screen . you will see a blue vertical line show up once you get to the very edge . again , do not just move it within the page . move it to the very edge .
i had the same problem . i fixed it by reinstalling the latest version of kies and deactivating usb-debugging before i connected my phone ( samsung galaxy xcover ) the first time .
before ur usb connect with the computer , go . setting--> application--> development--> usb debugging ( no tick ) open kies connect usb maybe it is work . . . . if still not , reopen the phone . . connect again . . . i hope that it can help u . . . . . also understand my poor eng . . . .
i have same problem , plus i have try some things : debug mode ( off ) then plug debug mode ( on ) then plug plug then debug mode ( first off then on and vice versa ) rebooted phone and pc installed kies , and usb drivers over the past installation rebooted phone and pc unistalled kies , usb drivers rebooted phone and pc reinstalled kies , usb drivers rebooted phone and pc deleted manually all the kies files , registry entry , usb drivers rebooted phone and pc installed kies , usb drivers rebooted phone and pc i have try to install kies on several computer , but all are 32 bit ( win xp or at least vista ) actually , my phone has been connected to kies only one time . . . i remember that time it was some of the first try , about a year and half ago . . . then , nothing .
there is absolutely no reason to be worried . you can install the drivers from the android sdk and that should fix the issue , though .
this is a common problem among android phones . sometimes windows might try to install drivers for your phone which might not necessarily be complete . like matthew said in the answer above me , you could use the android sdk package which usually includes drivers for nexus devices but in the event it does not work : you need to get the usb drivers from the manufacturer . following the instructions in this link might help : http://nexusshacks.com/nexus-s-hacks/how-to-install-nexus-s-windows-usb-drivers/
you can use switchme if you have root , which i believe does all you ask
sorry , but this is my best answer : you could have a system where you mount an sdcard partiton as data etc for the other user , unfortunately , there is no project in development for this that i know of . however , this would work , unfortunately , you would need to reboot , so it is not really what you wanted .
dont know exactly if you are satisfied with this , but in the near future vmware will release one version for android . this adds a little bit of multi user support , because you can start another android system like any other apps . video link to a little demonstration : http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embeddedv=hrsiliflyt4
titanium backup has a ' multi user data profiles ' feature that can be used to have a per app multi user like functionality : it has some restrictions like ' doesnt work with apps that have services ' , etc . http://www.titaniumtrack.com/kb/titanium-backup-kb/titanium-backup-howtos.html#multi-user-data-profiles
in case anyone with a samsung s4 running usb mass storage enabler and busybox runs into this issue , be sure that the usb computer connection is set to mtp . this setting sometimes toggles off for some odd reason on my phone . click the text box and you should be good to go .
the files needed for rooting are not able to be transferred via mtp , switch to ' camera ' for ptp file transfer and it should work just fine !
after connecting via usb and receive the message " connecting as installer " on your phone 's screen , make sure you are phone is not on the lock-screen and swipe down from the top ( or at least on my verizon device ) you can access " usb pc connection " settings under the " ongoing " tab . check one of two options , mtp or ptp . this would be the same pull-down where you would quickly alter various settings , view downloads and be able to link to recent notifications . this will effectively switch out of installer mode so that you can access your phone 's directory and that of any sub sequential micro sd card . hope this helps .
i have had the same problem with my verizon s4 mini lte ( sch-i435 ) . i was able to solve it through the hidden dialer . here is a utility that was able to bring the dialer back for me , since it was not accessible ( i am not the author ) : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2434415 if you had rather not trust the apk , it just implements this technique : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2303905 once the menu comes up go to usb settings and change the usb protocol to mtp+adb . note , the first time i used it it was already on mtp+adb . i had to switch to ptp , save come back and switch to mtp+adb to get it to work . the settings stick now .
are you using a usb 2 port ? i had the same issue and i was using a 1.0 port . the issue disapeared once i plugged into a 2.0 port . i have an s3 instead , but it may be the same problem .
in android 4.2 , it was possible to access a hidden setup menu and fix the usb settings . the 4.3 update reverted usb setting to the broken default . the access codes for the advanced setup menus have been changed or removed . samsung claims they have removed access , for what ungodly reason i do not know , and repeated requests and hours on the phone with them got me nowhere . until someone can break back into the advanced setup menus , there is not any way fix this behavior besides rooting the phone or reverting to a previous version of android . http://www.linuxine.com/story/hidden-services-menu-galaxy-s3-android-43
there is an app for this : screen stream . i use it and it works .
you may use join . me for this . the organizer installs the client on his/ her machine and rest everyone may join in through their web browser .
there is a nice little app by smart dog studio called remote control add on that will let your device act as a vnc server . you can then connect as many clients as you like using the vnc client of your choice ( i usually use android vnc viewer ) . frame rate is a little low , but definitely adequate for a presentation that does not involve video .
download morelocale2 from the market , then you can change the ui language with a push of a button , without reboot .
android 's language/locale/internationalization support is pretty bad at the moment . i would recommend flashing a us or uk rom on it , which will have the language built-in .
the official sony answer for my question ( i did not alter it ) : in regard to your question about if the smartwatch that you purchased if can be use with any regular blueatooth headset and im going to use the same example that you put the samsung bluetooth headset , it might be compatible but is not warranty that is going to work with every single fuction of it do to the fact that the smartwatch is build to work with sony devices .
looks like this was a corrupt zip problem . . from linux zip tool you must be using the -0 switch to ' store ' .
try using a file explorer like this astro file manager on your phone and you will be able to see all files , photos , vids stored in your memory either phone memory or sd card
if there are video or photo on sdcard you see it to plugin your sdcard on device to can read an sdcard . on htc there are no encrypt of data on sdcard by default
as izzy says , all the data are in /data/data/org.mozilla.firefox , which means you can only read them if your device is rooted . inside that directory , the path files/mozilla has a very similar layout to your ~/.mozilla/firefox directory on a linux desktop : it has a profiles.ini and a directory asdf12yz.default containing all the interesting files .
as with all apps , they store their data below the /data/data directory , in a directory named according to their package name -- which is what you can see following the " id=" in the playstore url . so for firefox , data should be in /data/data/org.mozilla.firefox . so far the good news . now for the bad news : this directory can only be accessed by the app itself -- or by the root user . so if your device is not rooted : bad luck . i could imagine that for userscripts and some other profile data , firefox might ( or might not ) use some storage on the sdcard -- so you could check if you see a similar directory structure there . certainly not with the " doubled " /data , and maybe even just named " firefox " -- as i do not have firefox installed , i cannot check , but it is worth a look .
i have to admit i have not played with galaxy nexus , but airdoid is claimed to be a good solution for moving files . i use it with both my phones and works fine . i know the new way parts are mounted makes a huge difference . i usually use zimly as media player , and it finds uploded with airdroid files without any problems . you might need to re-scan media , as well . if you are on ubuntu , you might try this as last resort solution
specific solution for my problem is to install rescan sd application from market and launch it after uploading music through webdav .
i suggest you to try qtadb , instead of your webdav work-a-round . i tried every way and this is by far the best .
i am pretty sure it is just that the app is buggy . push messages have never worked right for me either . the latest version of the facebook app ( released in the last week or two ) is better , but not perfect .
trigger works well . it replicates most of the profile tasks that tasker has but has nfc triggers . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jwsoft.nfcactionlauncher
nfc task launcher can , among other things , run tasker tasks . in any case , it is probably worth while to check out this app if you plan on experimenting with nfc tags .
i do not know whether tasker can meanwhile handle that itself , but it is at least doable with the right plugin . there is e.g. locale nfc plugin which could fill this gap . alternatives exist as well , like a modified version of anytag , which is used e.g. in this tutorial . for more examples , tutorials , and possibilities , i recommend a googlefu , ahem , search for " tasker nfc " , which brings up a lot of tuts and even youtube videos explaining different magical things to achieve this way .
it is because android can neither connect nor " see " ad-hoc networks . there is supposedly a work around in which you install some third party software on your android device , but it only works on a small list of phone models . a quick google search will lead you to the page . sorry , i am on my tab right now otherwise i would link it here . edit : found the link to a similar situation : stackexchange-url
no , mtp does not work like that . mtp is a client-server file transfer protocol , a bit like ftp . your best bet is to either find another protocol the car supports ( there are many network audio protocols , so it is likely it'll support one ) , or failing that , fix whatever is making the aux input sound bad ( most likely a bad cable or connector , or the car is expecting line-level instead of headphone-level audio ) .
i had faced the same problem myself . system settings > device > accessibility > services . something in there is set to on . switch it to off and you will be ok . i had the same problem because i had an application set to on . instant fix !
for me the solution was similar but different . i had nothing under the accessibility options excepted " talkback " turned off . i turned it on then off and voila ! it brought back the arrows .
all ota updates reset file permissions , so you will lose root unless you take special precautions . install ota rootkeeper and make a backup of your su executable before applying this update . you will be able to restore your root once update is finished . obviously , since this is an incremental update , you need to have a stock nexus rom . if you deleted or altered some system files , update may fail . i used galaxy nexus toolkit to apply these updates , worked ok for me ( and i kept my root ) .
all the methods you have tried , and the ones i have been reading for the past hour , exploit a circuit " bump " that should not even happen in the first place . if they do not work with your phone , be happy , your phone is not suffering from further defects . some i am referencing are : plug your phone to your computer using the usb cable . remove and add the battery several times to make the phone start booting : this video or this video . gently flick ( tap ) the back of the phone , right under the lens , with a finger . what you should actually do is to repair the phone , it costs a certain amount , but at least you get the problem fixed by professionals and can take preventive measures to prevent this from happening again . to repair , you can use nexus s power button repair or other near you . as a preventive measure , to avoid degrading the power button , you can use an app to lock/unlock the phone . with it , you will give less use to your power button , and in turn it may last longer . even if it gets broken again , with an app , you still have alternative methods of controlling your phone ( lock/unlock ) . fix broken power button by destil available from google play store . note : an app installed on your phone cannot power it on . so , if the power button breaks again , be sure to not let your phone 's battery get empty .
first , be sure that the contacts from your old phone were actually stored on your sim card . that is not the default for most android phones , which store contacts in the device storage , or online in your google account . get a sim card adapter . take the card out of your old phone . put the card in the adapter . put the card+adapter into your new phone . transfer the contacts from the card onto the phone 's memory . you can do this by editing the contacts one by one in the contacts app , or you can find an app to import contacts from the sim card in one operation . now the contacts are on your new phone , and you can replace the usual sim card in that phone . if your new phone is sim-locked to a different carrier , you can ask a friend and borrow their phone . alternativaly , you can buy a usb sim card reader . that way , when you have the sim card in the adapter , you can plug that into your pc and use the software that comes with the reader to save the contacts onto your pc . you can then import them into your new phone , or into your google account .
i would not run the " addon apps " like " ram manager " or the " seeder " script . i am not sure if you are using those , but the ram manager could cause instability because it forces applications to close to " free ram " . the need to free ram is a myth , if an application kills other apps , to free up some ram , the os will find something else to fill that ram . android does not want free ram , it sees free ram as wasted ram . as for " seeder " , if you are running that , i would either try updating , if you do not have the latest , or fresh install official cm without this script . even the developer of this is acknowledging that it has been causing instability , like locking and reboots . the biggest issue , really , that i see is that you are trying cm 10.1 on a device that has not been supported by cm for some time . this device 's last official build was cm 7.2 . so another reason you are seeing instability is because you are trying to run a version of android on hardware that really does not support it . the cm team usually only drops support for a device when they can no longer get the latest builds to run on the device .
it has to do with the contracts that carriers have with the manufacturers . they also have to do testing of the deployments , to make sure they " go off without a hitch " . if the updates fails for users , the carrier is the one that has to take the service call . they also have to do training for their customer services people on how to handle any update issues . besides deployments , they also need to test that the update does not compromise the network , or the device . let 's also not forget about the bloat ware that the carriers add to the releases . these are applications that the carrier may be getting paid to distribute , another way for them to make some money off the device that they are selling at a subsidized price . if you buy your phones outright , you will pay more up front for the device , but buying subsidized , you pay more for it with the higher contract fees . non-contract plans are cheaper per month , and every carrier offers them , you just have to ask for it . they do not advertise them because they make more money off the contracts .
found it myself : k-9 mail @ google play
the most frequently used site for downloading google 's proprietary bits is goo . im ( formerly goo-inside . me ) . however it can be a little confusing as it list all version so i recommend you check out this rootzwiki page as it list the recommended versions as well as the changelogs .
i would suggest , in parallel to your adb backup , to consider some additional backup strategies – especially in the context of " moving to more privacy": use the apps ' own backup features . for the contacts app , this would be the import/export item in the menu appearing when you hit the menu key . as the name suggests , the export created here can be imported at the very same place on your cmified device . consider other specialized backup apps ( no need for contacts , as above export will be fine ) for things like your calendar data , wifi passwords , etc . consider titanium backup for almost everything . this app for one has a " migration mode " for later restore on a different rom , and also supports xml backups for different system data ( e . g . wifi passwords ) . when going cm , you will certainly install a custom recovery ( such as clockworkmod or twrp ) as well . consider making a nandroid backup right after that ( and before installing cm ) , so you have an " image " of your complete system . for your later restore , and if you want to avoid the gapps , again titanium backup comes in handy . i strongly recommend the pro version , and buying it directly at the dev 's site – as that way it will stay " pro " even without gapps and play . it can not only read its own backups , but above mentioned nandroid and adb backups as well , so you could pick even single things from them which you might have forgotten to backup separately . last hint : if you are looking for a gapps replacement , check nogapps . not yet fully ready , but looks quite promising . now , good luck on your way to freedom : )
after hours of searching on the net and string of emails with the customer care i received a call from a member claiming to be from the technical team . the end result of the call was that there is no hdmi setting in the settings panel and the only way to display content on to the tv using hdmi is through the stock " vortex " player , which basically has no options than to change volume , display mode and the tracker . i could not find any info on this player 's version or if there is any update for it that could help . also my search for some effective alternative like realhdmi for droidx almost has hit a dead end . marking this as answered to serve as information source for people who buy this product and hope i might receive some effective alternatives in the future .
android has " partial " support for ipv6 , which basically means there is some code for it but it does not really work yet . check this google thread for more info .
no , as of late 2013 , even the newest android devices still do not support ipv6-only wifi networks . source : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=32630
updating this question to say that as of android 4.0 , ipv6 is fairly well supported . there are still no visual indicators that it is running/working , but devices pick up ipv6 addresses and try to use them by default .
these forums might be the most helpful . http://forum.xda-developers.com/wiki/asus_eee_pad_transformer/how_to_install_ubuntu/ubuntu_install http://forum.xda-developers.com/wiki/asus_eee_pad_transformer/how_to_install_ubuntu#installing_ubuntu
if your phone will not turn on , i do not think installing drivers will help . and yet you say that the computer " sees " the phone . in my case i found that after successfully upgrading to 4.4 that my windows pc could no longer " see " my phone unless i went into storage and changed the usb settings to ptp . however , on my linux machine i can access all folders and storage . so if you have a linux machine or at least a live disk you may be able to access you internal storage that way . but if the phone is not turning on , i am not sure what you can do from that point . hope something in my ramblings helps . :- )
more the internal memory , the better it will be for your device . external storage devices like microsd cards are like an artificial hand attached to your body . nevertheless , it aids in the data storage . higher the class value , speedier your card will be . internal memory is needed by the android device to store apps data , cache , running background services and other information . you can , however , choose to install apps on external microsd as well , using apps like app2sd . it is always beneficial to go for device which have high internal memory such as 8gb or 16gb . if you watch a lot of movies or store a ton of pdfs or epubs then it is good to have microsd card as well .
for what is worth , i had a class 4 sd card . running games whose data was on that external sd was painfully slow , during loading and during gameplay , with frequent mini-freezes . after upgrading to a class 10 card , i find no difference in running games from the internal and the external storage . please do not draw any conclusions from these highly rigorous scientific experiments .
i will give some numbers collected while testing my samsung galaxy sii gt-i9100 with 16 gb internal memory ( 11 gb available for user files ) and 64 gb sandisk microsdxc memory card ( uhc-i sdsdqu-064g-u46a ) : larger files make the write speeds to lower slightly ( ca . 7 mb/s for ext card and almost no change for internal memory ) . so , in this very case , on this phone and a memory card of exactly this type , internal memory has better reading performance , but there is a catch in it : flash memory wears out the more the often you write to it , so both the internal memory and the card may become faulty some day . and when this happens a memory card is easier to replace . to replace internal memory you should go to repairing service . what about flash memory speeds it is all about your feeling - do you feel that using the slower external card fits your needs or you notice a slowdown . i have set up camera app to write pictures and movies to external card and do not feel any discomfort .
as said in my comment on the question itself : that settings page is the place to configure the default behaviour . in your described case , those settings define the screen to switch off after 30s of idle time ( i.e. . no touch event ) , plus activate the keyguard action ( i.e. . the lock pattern , pin , or password ) after additional 5 seconds ( so if you switch the screen back on within less than 5s after it switched off automatically , you do not have to unlock the device as it would not yet be locked ) . now why does the screen stay on for 20 minutes or more , though configured to switch off after 30s of idle time ? the solution is not always that obvious . apps with the appropriate permissions might override those default settings . a good example is a navigation app : one surely does not want to permanently touch the screen to keep it from switching off while navigating . another example might be an ebook reader prolonging the timeout . while a reboot might solve that issue once it happens ( in case a quick-fix is needed ) , in the long run it will prove better to check running apps for candidates overriding the mentioned default settings . while the navigation app might be obvious ( and most likely desired ) , other apps might let you configure this behaviour . in case you cannot easily figure out which app is causing it , a look at the system logs might prove useful . alogcat is one example of apps helping you to capture log contents ( there are many others as well ) . it might produce a large amount of lines , but searching the content for strings like " screen " , " timeout " , and the like has good chances to narrow it down .
your problem is not in display but in lock screen . i had the same problem and fixed it : go to settings , lock screen , then secured lock time , and set it for ten minutes
well , i tried " business calendar " which seems a lot less flaky and is free , so i guess the answer is to switch to another calendar application .
i asked google . this was their response . thanks for writing in . i understand you would like to know how to choose what account in app purchases are billed to . i apologize for any frustration this has caused . when you go to make an in app purchase the purchase is going to be billed to what ever account was used to download the app the purchase is going through .
this requires a rooted phone . there is a good guide here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1103399 if you do not have adb , get the full android sdk from here : http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html ( it might come in useful multiple times , and all app developers should already have it ) . do not trust websites offering adb alone unless it the official android site . after installing it , browse to the install directory , then " platform-tools " , then open the command line -- on windows 7 , this is done by shift-right-click and choose " open command window here " , then type " adb " . power-on sound this sound file is not in the standard location for android ( /system/media/audio ) so most guides have not worked for me . connect your phone to your computer and open adb . go into shell with " adb -d shell " . now become super-user with " su " - your phone must be active and unlocked - a dialog will open which you accept . in adb again : " mount -o rw , remount -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system " . now rename the sound files so they can not be found ! " cd /system/etc " " mv poweron . wav poweron . wav . old " " mv 1_power_on . ogg 1_power_on . ogg . old " restart your phone . there should be no power-on sound . disable camera sound again . this sound file is also not in the standard android location ( /system/media/audio/ui/camera_clicker . ogg ) so most guides have not worked for me . first , make your / read-write . in adb , go into shell then type " cat /proc/mounts " , find the line where "/" is the second column , and remember the first column which in my case is " rootfs " . in adb do " mount -o rw , remount -t yaffs2 rootfs /" now you need to edit the root default . prop ( that is , "/default . prop" ) . in adb : " cp /default . prop /sdcard/default . prop " . copy it from your sd card to your computer ( samsung kies is the easier way ) . add the line " ro . camera . sound . forced=0" and save . put the edited file back onto your sdcard with the same name . now " cat /sdcard/default . prop > /default . prop " restart your phone . open the camera app . taking photos and videos should now be silent .
just go to sounds and set volume to 0 for system
go to settings , then language and input , then Samsung keyboard settings , then handwriting , then recognition time . try changing it and then try touching . sometimes this could solve . also try touching the 4 corners .
let it run dead to the point where it will not turn on , charge it till full ( without using it at all ) turn it back on and it should . be fine . happened to me . : )
this video describes an issue that could be related to your problem .
this is not gonna be a the best answer but just google mp3 cutter . i used one of the apps and they do a good job edit : just select your points and hit ' start cut ' https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.beka.tools.mp3cutter
the same thing exactly happened to me . whether you install cwm before rooting or vice versa is not the problem . try to install cwm again will solve it .
do not know if i understand the question correctly , but the phone is working but you are not able to enter recovery mode , right ? if the phone is working just try again installing clockworkmod . if the phone is not working , installing a stock rom , or any other rom , witch you can find searching here , will remove clockwork ( assuming you do not chose a custom rom that comes with clockwork ) . hope i answerd your question , if not just leave a comment with what you would like to know and i will reply .
you should try pressing volumedown+power or volumeup+power . my galaxy fit starts cwm with the latter combination .
i had the same issue . found this solution on another site : open " settings " app go to " sim card manager " tap on " data service network " choose the sim as the data sim note that only the first sim slot supports 3g internet . so if you want to use 3g you must plug your 3g sim in the first slot .
did another thing , downloaded kernel manager - https://market.android.com/details?id=com.teamwin.kernelmanager.free - and downloaded kernel and flash through there . worked smoothly ( ok , not at first , but the second try worked ! ) . thanks
some phones ' partitions have a separate partition for the kernel ( often called " boot" ) that is separate from the one that holds /system . unzip the cynanogenmod update . zip - there should be a boot . img inside . if you have fastboot and know how to use it , you can flash boot . img with ./fastboot flash boot /path/to/boot.img ( you will need to be s-off for this ; sounds like you are . ) another option is to go back to stock and flash cm again . if you are flashing cm over top of itself you may be able to get away without wiping /data ( you may still want to wipe /cache )
i had the same problem , but we might have different phones . for me , the reason why i never see my apps moved by app2ds is because my sd card is partitioned so that app2sd would be able to see only that part of the card , and my computer cannot see the partitioned part . whenever i unmount my sd card to switch it out with one i have music on , i just have to restart the whole phone afterwards is all .
this sounds like a case of a vital hidden folder that you are missing - when apps are moved to the sd-card , a hidden folder called .android_secure is created which is where the apps are stored in ! this is a common mistake to make , when replacing a sd-card for a bigger one , so the moral is to ensure , when transferring to a bigger sd-card , do not forget the hidden directories including .android_secure . upon restart after inserting the bigger sd-card , android will re-scan the card and proceed to look in that specific hidden folder , for any apps that are moved to external storage and loads/caches the shortcuts for those respective apps .
hay it is a simple problem to encounter , go to settings reset the system do not forget to backup your important data before doing so .
most logs are stored in catlog , you can use adb ( android debugging bridge ) to read it ; there are apps on the market can be used to read catlog .
in my samsung i5500 i use a ' sync shortcut ' placed on the home screen . it is a one click on/off sync . you can add the power control widget by long pressing the home screen> add widget> power control or there are some such one click utility in the market .
engadget has just reported that the nexus s is having issues with random reboots ( http://www.engadget.com/2011/02/15/nexus-s-suffering-from-random-data-loss-reboots/ ) and apparently fixes are coming . to see the log you can get the following app : alogcat
from your home screen go to menu -> settings -> applications -> manage applications and find greader . then click the clear cache and clear data button . this may lead to you having to sign back in but it will synch with your feeds so you will not really lose anything .
this is absolutely normal . gsm connections cannot maintain a data and voice connection at the same time . the s2 can , and will , however be able to make a voice call and still continue using a wifi data connection . this is true for most cellular providers in india , unless they support the dtm protocol ( highly doubtful ) .
try changing it in Settings-Security-Shortcut settings . try changing the icons to something different than they currently are . if this does not work try a factory reset . i have a y511 as well and i am trying to get the unlock symbol to be at the right ( 3 o'clock position ) .
you are describing the expected behavior while launching the chrome browser with theSign in feature enabled . here 's how to sign out from within the chrome browser : touch Menu > Settings > your email address > Disconnect Google Account . in the confirmation dialog that appears , touch Disconnect . note that if you had your device configured to synchronize in the background at regular intervals , it is still configurued to sync and update your emails with your google account . this procedure just prevents the chrome browser from loading a previous session state at browser launch because the browser is signed in .
leandros is right that it is an intended feature , and there is no way to turn off . there is a report on the chromium project to allow close all tabs on tablets : http://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=268157 i urge everyone interested to voice their opinions on the bug thread .
i too want my chrome browser to open without the previous tabs . there should be an option to turn this feature off , or a prompt on startup asking whether to open previous tabs as it does on the desktop . when i am done with browsing , i just swipe the browser off . i do not want to have to close each tab separately before exiting to stop those tabs from reopening when i open the browser again .
in short , never ever back up system apps and settings from one handset and restore to another , that is exactly what happens ! : ) mismatches with system app 's key signature conflicts with another 's rom 's key signature , and variants of settings as well may not exist on the other , all of those can lead to breakages such as what the op is experiencing . the only way to get that back , is to perform a factory reset to restore everything back to its original state .
goto lockscreen is probably what you want ! it gives you information about your incoming notifications , allows you to navigate straight to them from the unlock screen , and is fully customizeable . if you do not find that helpful , widgetlocker could probably help you out too : ) bonus : if you add adw notifier with either of these , you will get small number icons to alert you to any unattented-to actions graphically .
if you want to see the notifications immediately , you can get them even when the display is " off " with noled ( if your device is compatible ) . note that this was designed for amoled displays , so it might eat a lot of battery on other screens .
as far as i know , swype only comes in two sets : full ( all languages ) and a english/spanish set . however , there is a hidden feature : you can swype from the swype key to the q key to switch between your current language and the last language you used .
if the swype developers do not put the options you want in the app then the only way to accomplish what you want is to get your hands on the source code and make the changes manually . this would be quite a trick , as swype is closed source . i also would not recommend modifying the . apk that they have released ( is there even a way to decompile . apk 's ? ) as your results could vary widely between " swype stopped working " and " i have somehow bricked my phone " . bryan 's suggestion will definitely help you if you happen to switch between two of those three languages most of the time , but unfortunately if you cycle through all three pretty regularly you are going to have to stick with using the menu selections .
from mybookofknowledge : go to your dial pad and select the settings options . under the other call settings , you can see the option Dial pad autocomplete . enable this option and now you can see suggestions when you dial a phone number . note : make sure you are using the stock dialer .
art is not in the gs4 developer options . it is not compatible with the sense ui , so it was left off the gs4 update .
i do not think directly . there are , however , several apps in the market that seem to let you view a webcam connected elsewhere by url or ip .
so far only honeycomb is a tablet-only version . other versions are used on phones , tablets and other devices ( tvs , android-x86 etc . ) .
while there are tablets that were able to munge other versions of android to be used on a tablet form factor , only honeycomb ( android 3 . x ) was designed specifically for tablets . ( and , because of some of the kludgey wizardry they needed to do for that , they have not released the source code for honeycomb . ) ice cream sandwich merged the phone-only and tablet-only codebases .
it is funny you ask this since gmail just came out today with functionality that allows for different ringtones to be set for different labels ( using custom label notifications . ) this might not be perfect since you would need to specify a label per contact to make it work , but it could serve your needs .
look for the signal indicator in between clock and battery bar . if the signal indicator is full , then voila ! you should be able to get the fast data connection .
unfortunately to this moment google not provide such feature to list all our reviews and ratings from google play . but there is method to search all of ours reviews by typing to google . com phrase : inurl:https://play.google.com/store/apps/details +"John Doe"  where john doe is our name we use in google+ , but of course this name should be unique .
if the developer do not give you access to the ( web ) settings of the webview , you will not be able to disable javascript in the webview .
if you mean the azpen a727 tablet , i just got one of them for $20 through a micro center promotion . the device faq states it can not use an external keyboard . one thing you can try is turning on usb debug mode . to do so , invoke the settings app , scroll down to and tap about tablet . at the bottom of the about tablet display , tap build number multiple times . you will see a message indicating progress , and at the end you will be told you are a developer . once successful , there will be a {} developer options menu entry added to the system section of the settings app , and you can turn on usb debugging from there . it may also be possible to enable this if you root the device . i found instructions for doing so at http://zepinventory.wordpress.com/2014/03/31/how-to-root-azpen-a727-tablet/ ( it is windows only . ) i have not been able to make it work yet , but that is likely because i was trying it from an xp box , and will try again from the so 's win7 laptop . it is also possible that usb host mode is simply not present . the azpen docs say communication is one way - you can connect the tablet to a pc and get stuff from the tablet to the pc , but not vice versa . when i connect it to the pc here , the pc sees two removable drives , but neither can be accessed as it does not think there is media in the drives . i would like to use it with an external keyboard , but i will live if i can not . what it does now is more than worth what i paid for it . update : rooting the device removed the restriction . once rooted , the device recognized my logitech portable keyboard , and a logitech entry appeared in settings allowing me to select the preferred keyboard layout . i found a guide to rooting that i followed here : http://zepinventory.wordpress.com/2014/03/31/how-to-root-azpen-a727-tablet/
this also annoyed me . my language is hungarian , a hard-to-translate language . for example google translated the " loop-device " to hungarian as " rotating-device " , which is a different thing . i think it is a really bad idea . the app , which does not have the user 's native language built-in and the user does not speak any language of that app , then that user will not be able to understand and use that app normally . also 9 of 10 translations are not understandable . so after that beginning i solved my problem . i installed xposed and that appinfo module . than i changed the language setting in the appinfo for google play . lastly i cleared the cache of google play . and voilà ! all in english and i can understand everything !
three methods available , depending from where are you accessing google : google play app usually uses the language defined on your device settings : tap your device " home" ; tap " settings" ; locate " language and keyboard " and tap ; under " select language " you can define the language for your device that is also used by the google play app as to present you the information on your language . accessing from a browser : the google play store sets the language by your ip address , you can update that definition by changing it at the footer ( it will persist ) : for all google products : from gmail , you can access your account settings and set the language that you prefer for google products : login to your gmail account ; on the top right corner , click " account" ; on the left vertical menu , click " language " .
basically the size of an mms message depends on : the size that the operator can handle ; the size that the phone can handle . from wikipedia : although the standard does not specify a maximum size for a message , 300 kb is the current recommended size used by networks due to some limitations on the wap gateway side . there is no definitive answer to this subject due to the dependencies mentioned above . you can contact your operator and try to get a more accurate answer from them . alternatively you can always test ; )
short answer : the maximum size for mms is rather carrier-dependent , and usually is set to 300kb . for your second question , you might want to check manually edit your max mms size limit . another interesting source might be what is the maximum mms file size that i can send from my mms phone ? more details : as for changing the limit , there are several consideration to be taken . sure one can alter any limits , but usually there is a good reason for their presence . as zuul pointed out ( see comment below ) , you may then be able to successfully send a message of , say , 1mb size -- but that does not necessarily mean the recipient is able to receive ( let alone read ) it . consider the 300kb limit as " smallest common denominator " between your phones capability , your carriers capability/configuration and the receivers capability . so if you are pretty sure what you are doing ( say , you know your phone can handle 500k at least , the recipients phone can do so as well , and both your carriers support it ) , increasing the limit might enable you to exchange mms up to 500k with that recipient -- while failing to do so with others . to me , this was never a question . if i need send some message , i use email . it is cheaper than mms , and works between phones and pcs and macs and . . . exception : the recipient has an " older phone model " without email capabilities . but then chances are good it cannot handle mms either -- so i have to stick to 160 chars with sms telling him to lookup his mail : )
airdroid will allow you to do this and more . transfer files to and from your device via web browser . wireless operation via wifi connection . no client required on computer , enjoy all functions and features just in your browser . free of drivers or computer environment limits . im like interface , search contacts or copy the messages , chat with your friends more conveniently . quick and easy group texting from the comfort of your desktop . organize music , photos , videos , messages and call logs with contacts . much easier apps install , uninstall and even backing up . play music and video clips stored on device , or view your photos on the big computer screen . provide convenient management on your device . including device status , processes manager , apps manager and sd card control . device screenshot , multiple desktops , weather , calendar , url transfer , etc . from their site : http://airdroid.com/
clear dalvik-cache , and you are done .
some vendors set up their phones to reinstall system applications at boot in case they go missing . try finding a directory that contains a copy of the apk that is used to reinstall it , and delete it from there . a simple alternative solution is to freeze the unwanted apps rather than uninstalling them . titanium backup and link2sd can help you with that ( both require root ) . in ics+ , there is also a user-accessible mechanism to deactivate apps from the settings menu .
sounds like you are stuck in a bootloop . if you backed up your phone before you flashed the release , reflash that image . if not . . . well try reflashing the rom release . if this still does not work , flash an older version of cyanogenmod , or your phones stock , factory rom .
a locked bootloader means that you will not be able to install software updates ( or flash recoveries , roms ) that has not been signed by the manufacturer/carrier . so the answer is " yes , you can flash an unsigned rom but it will not get loaded by the locked bootloader " .
simplest method . place moisture-damaged device in zip-lock bag , with at least two tablespoons of white rice . store in warm place ( hot water cupboard , or sunny nook ) , but out of direct sunlight , for two to three days . then all moisture will now be in rice , which you should discard ( rather than consume ) . note : any attempt to use device , prior to complete removal of moisture , may have permanently damaged the device .
if the hardware is water damaged , then no sorry . it is quite possible that the device still has a small amount of liquid inside it - i suggest crushing some chalk , and placing the entire device into the crushed chalk ( it absorbs moisture ) . otherwise , i am sorry to say that you would be quite stuck and would have to go to a repair shop .
currently , you can side load the flash player on a 4.1 device . meaning you have to download the apk file and install directly from the device , or with adb . there is no guarantee that flash will work at all in the future . not only is adobe dropping flash support for android 4.1 , no new installs for any version of android will be allowed for the flash player app from google play after august 15th . i hope that this actually means that adobe is moving closer to making flash " export " to something that modern browsers can all run , like using the html5 canvas . flash on android has always been pretty limited . it is only real use was for playing flash video , anything else i ever tried to use it with was buggy and laggy .
download jellybean 4.1 adobe flash player apk from xda-developers , if you wish to install it manually . read through the information there first , and install at your own discretion .
open the google-maps application . select an area you want to save the map for . once the red pin appears you will have the street name at the bottom of the screen and the ' route ' icon . swipe this white box upwards . one of the options is Save map to use offline
to download maps offline in google maps 7 and 8 , adjust specific area of maps you wanna save offline on your screen and then type " ok maps " in the search box and press enter .
once you have s-off you should be able to flash a custom recovery . just flash one that supports img files , such as clockworkmod ( rom manager ) .
if its connected to your computer and the usb connection mode is " mass storage " , the sd card cannot be used by the phone . you may like to change the connection mode by pulling the notification bar from top and selecting " charge only " so that it does not mounts the sd card and it remains usable by the phone while it is connected to pc .
try inserting another sd card and see if the problem continues . else , copy all the data fro , the sd card onto your pc . then , format the sd card and see if the phone recognizes it . if it does , copy back the data . also toggle the usb debugging mode - android settings > applications > development and see if it helps .
i can not think of a 3rd party way to do what you want , but i can help you with the google way . first , head into gmail and then contacts . you will see in the list of groups " other contacts " . that is everyone you have ever interacted with over gmail ( not sure if gtalk or phone convos are in there as well ) . so that is where your big ugly list is coming from . you can stop google from adding more by going into settings > general > create contacts for auto-complete and turning that off . now , this big ugly google list you have , you can now either delete completely or wade through it and clean it up . it is up to you . some entries may be useful . i do not have thunderbird , but i am pretty sure it must have an export contacts to csv function . do that and try to import into google contacts . you may have to massage the formatting a little ( this may help http://support.google.com/mail/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=12119 ) if it does not import cleanly . if you have gotten this far and now have google full of contacts , you may want to try and " merge " ( more > find and merge duplicates ) to see if anyone you just imported also had an entry in other contacts like a secondary email for example . so now that you have got your list on google 's server it will show up automatically on your android phone , any other android device youre logged into , as well as gmail in the browser . gmail exports contacts out to csv as well . so you could potentially keep swapping csvs back and forth from thunderbird to gmail and back to keep them in sync , but that sounds like a bit of a hassle .
i use an app called instant heart rate which uses the phone 's camera to measure your pulse .
there are options that may let you use a standard ant+ heart rate belt so you can easaly get continuas recording while exercising . you either need a phone with built in ant support which is mainly some of the sony xperias but not all . or with a modern phone you can use a usb ant stick i have some details about this on my website .
i have not tried any of these but android heart monitor sounds like it could be the sort of thing you are after ? then there is also endomondo sports tracker which is apparently compatible with the polar wearlink heart rate monitor ( more at endomondo . com ) . and also sports track live which is apparently compatible with zephyr hxm , bioharness and polar wearlink . obviously with all of these even if the software 's free you still need to buy the heart rate monitor itself .
what is my heart rate this app is slightly different from the rest in the market . it does not require you to pressed on camera lens . hence , you will not dirty your camera lens . the product description is as follow . measure your heart rate by just looking at your screen . easy and convenient without needed to finger press on your camera lens . your heartbeat causes micro color changes on your face . our software uses front camera and advanced software algorithm to detect these micro changes , with beat-to-beat accuracy . the algorithm is built based on realiable non-contact photoplethysmography concept ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/photoplethysmograph ) . this breakthrough technology allows you to measure your heart rate in an easy and unobtrusive way . it is using computer vision technology . hence , its result is more sensitive to environment lighting , and face motion . i cannot comment much on its accuracy , as no further detailed data being published . but i can see there is different in my heartbeat reading , before and after sports . here is one of the screenshot pick from the product site .
the apk file is also generated in the bin folder of the project after running the app at least once . i have copied the apk file from the bin folder and installed it successfully on three different phones without any problem both copying directly on phone memory or sending it via email .
do you already have the application installed on your phone ( installed via eclipse ) ? if so i expect the exported apk is signed with a different key to the version already on your phone . android will not allow you to ' update ' an app if the signing key is different . un-install the app and try installing the apk again . if it still fails it may be that the exported app is corrupt in some way .
you can try installing the apk without your sd card . sometimes , the sd card causes that problem .
assuming you already have the exchange account added on your phone , if you go to contacts , and search for a name , it should bring up directory results . make sure you hit the search or enter button on the keyboard .
i did some research and was not able to find any way to do this on a stock device . however here is a link for you root users that allows you to remove the stock emoticons and replace them with standard ones , i am sure it will let you do other emoticons as well .
click on the phone menu , then click on the right side . there will be three options : send message speed dial setting call setting
samsung phones have an option to sync data in the background , disabling it , saves data , as updates are only checked for when an app is open ( email/im/whatsapp etc ) . you need to enable that ( see green icon in image below ) to let your apps periodically check for data . screenshot ( click for larger variant )
cat is a very bad idea here . if you really want to make a backup on partition level , rather take a look at dd . what you probably want to do is something like dd if=/dev/mtd/mtd0 of=/sdcard/mtd0.image  for more details , you might want to consult the dd man page . remark : i am not sure whether the dd shipped with android supports the full list of options , so you might have to try out .
thing is , if a manufacturer would decide bringing a new phone on the market with such an old system , he had get no license to pre-install any google apps . either your device runs an up-to-date android version ( i do not remember the details completely on what is counted here as " up-to-date " , whether it were the latest two versions , or a version " not older than x months " – but froyo is definitely out , as is gingerbread , and imho even ics ) – or no google apps . as a device without google play pre-installed is not that big selling hit for most people , manufacturers want the gapps shipping with their device . that does not leave much choice . so it is pretty unlikely you will find a device with up-to-date hardware running froyo or gingerbread . this does not keep modders from " skinning " the look-and-feel , sure . and many things can modified that way . though i have never heard/read from any modification in this direction , you might find some " rom kitchen " or the like offering it .
sometimes my computer does the same thing , though it does not come up too often . in those cases , i try plugging the device into a different usb port . usually it fixes the problem ( though the first port is still ' disabled ' for that particular device until i reboot ) .
install avast . enter its firewall section ( requires root access to work ) and allow/deny apps in roaming column ( wi-fi and home cell access will be untouched ) . avast 's firewall provides two modes : block selected and allow selected . choose any as per your requirement . use my data manager if you want to track data usage of individual apps . it has dedicated roaming section . it can help you in creating firewall rules or lowering data usage of important apps .
give a try to onavo count - it can block certain apps to use only wifi , cap data usage , provide alerts on data hogging apps , has widgets and more . link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.onavo.android.onavoid overall , it is a very handy app for data management . it also comes with a companion app onavo extend to save on data usage : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.onavo.android.onavoics i would also suggest to keep data turned off as a pre-caution , and turning it on periodically - even if you use onavo . settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks and tick off the " data roaming " checkbox . enjoy your trip !
not without a rooted device ( or uninstalling/freezing the other apps ) . if you have a rooted device , you can control each apps network access e.g. using a firewall app like droidwall or even a more complex security solution like lbe privacy guard . both would allow you to say which app ( s ) may access the network via wifi and/or mobile network -- so you could even let them all work while connected to the free wifi provided by the hotel . if you are not rooted , but your device runs at least android 4 . x or higher , you could alternatively ( temporarily ) " freeze " ( i.e. . disable ) all apps which should not use the internet .
the only way i can think to do this would be to set up call screening and caller id like so : then set up a contact for your google voice number with a custom ringtone .
as i wrote in an addendum to my question , the issue was user error stemming from the less-than-obvious way the android os file system works . everything visible in the file system is under a top-level ( the real top ) directory called " sdcard " . thus , file:/// urls only work for paths like file:///sdcard/foo/bar . i will add with questionable relevance that if you have not installed the app " airdroid " , you should . i found it while looking around for answers to a related problem .
your phone might be connecting to the wi-fi network using a static ip ( thus knocking off whatever device is also using that same ip to connect ) , go to advanced settings on your connection and choose dhcp , that should fix it .
have you tried rooting your g1 and putting something like cyanogenmod on your phone ? cm6 is currently in release candidate status and supports 2.2 . however , you will not get all the features of 2.1+ because the g1 simply cannot do some of them ( i.e. . livewallpapers ) .
had this problem on 2.2 when i first bought it . changing sd cards did not help . resolved by uninstalling some apps . i believe it is a task killer or a launcher that is causing the sd card rebooting few times daily . try deleting these apps one by one and monitor .
ezpdf reader is also very good , supports bookmarks , and will reopen a file wherever you closed it .
i have done a little research myself and aldiko looks excellent . i am especially looking forward to using it on a tablet .
root will not be necessary , the android api allows apps to set the output file format to . mp4 . so you just need to find an app that makes use of it . but , as with most video file extensions , .avi and .mp4 are just container formats . therefore the actually used video codec , that is responsible for the quality of the video , is not changed by changing the container format . the android api itself recommends to use .3gp as container format for better compatibility . using an mpeg-4 container format may confuse some desktop players . source i am not aware of an android video recording app that actually saves the video with h . 264/avc compression . i think that this is because of the royalty fee one has to pay to use the codec .
you can use an app called clocksync , which fetches time from ntp servers and updates the device 's date and time . rooted users can make this app to update time at configurable interval .
a " quick settings " application by sergej shafarenka . it allows quickly toggling wifi as well as a quick access to a bunch of other settings . it stays in the notification bar for a convenient access . probably the most used application on my n1 .
another option is beautiful widgets , which provides a wifi toggle widget .
here are a few ways to do it on a samsung galaxy s . drag down from the notification area . wi-fi on/off is one of the controls . long press on the home screen , select widgets then select Power Control . this widget also has a wi-fi on/off control . long press on the home screen , select Shortcuts , then Activities , expand Settings in the list that is displayed , then select Wi-fi settings . this will take you directly to the page with the list of available wi-fi networks . hopefully one of these will help .
a possible option is to download a wifi app from market ; many are free . i use wifinder . these seem to integrate pretty well with the android wifi and does not conflict ( unlike the pc , in which you have dell 's wireless utility and the windows wireless , which you cannot run at the same time ) . when i installed wifinder , it knew that i was already connected to my work network , and it remembered my preferred network .
you could also setup locale or tasker to turn on the wifi during certain times of the day . so if you know for a fact you might be using your tablet during a certain time period , it could auto-turn it on during that . or if you look at it the other way , you can have it turn the wifi off when you know for a fact you will not be using it ( i.e. . sleeping ) .
short answer : you can only install roms compatible with your device longer version different android devices use different hardware , which requires special drivers ( e . g . the camera ) . those drivers are sometimes/often proprietary ( take e.g. sony , which almost made it into the aosp project -- but had difficulties due to those proprietary parts and thus had to back-out again : aosp only allows for non-proprietary , open source code , like its name suggests : android open source project ) . installing an incompatible rom , in the best case , makes components of your device unavailable ( they are simply not working ) . in the worst case , you might " brick " it ( it will not even start up ) . you might want to check the question where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? to find roms compatible with your device . most times , there are several choices available to meet the user 's requirements : less " bloatware " but more performance , more fancy stuff , custom enhancements . . . so you still can make your pick . other recommended readings on this topic : are the custom rom different for different phones ? is there an official android “google” rom ?
you can clear the preferred program from " settings > applications > manage applications > last . fm > clear defaults " then the next time you launch the voice action , you had be prompted with a list of players , click on the " make default " then on your new preferred application .
i believe if you uninstall the last . fm app , then use the voice action " listen to . . " , a pop up should show asking which of the default players listed here , will show up and be used . if however , you had prefer the default in-built player to play , use listen to or the app choice dialer , available in both free and paid versions in the market .
when unofficially modifying your phone , nothing is safe . . . but if others say it worked , give it a shot . just keep in mind that anything can go wrong , so back up your data and have a plan b for recovering your system . edit : plan b ( how to recover your phone ) : recovery software : http://www.archos.com/faq/index.php?action=artikelcat=120id=301 stock rom : http://update.archos.com/afmv1/storage//files/full/a40ti/20130922.101129/ota972121_8916_v007049.zip
create an ext4 partition with 1gb space ( for example ) . then , the first time you enter the rom , type in terminal emulator : su a2sd xdata y y  now , you have 1gb internal memory .
i have cm10 4.1.2 on my desire to get more space i partitioned the sd card ( using rom manager i think ) after struggling for some time to get a2sd working with no luck i downloaded mount2sd from google play - this app was great it just seemed to sort everything out with virtually no input from me . i dont understand it but i assume its a script that analyses the phones memory and then sends commands to a2sd to make it work best with the card - great for someone like me who likes things simple . might be worth a try martin
another work around is to use yahoo mail to export your facebook friends then import them into gmail . it is not a very sustainable workaround for keeping things in sync , but would make the initial sync much easier than manually duplicating the contacts .
so far , my only work-around is to recognize a new facebook contact , navigate away from it , manually create a new completely empty contact by the same name , link the two , then begin duplicating the data . this is cumbersome and should not be necessary .
cm6/magic here ; my phone complains at 15% . if you are shutting down at 18 , something is wrong with your battery calibration . use your favorite recovery to wipe the battery stats , get a full charge , and then use the phone until the battery runs out . your battery life will appear to be worse , but it is really that the number is more accurate .
i have used dolphin hd for some time now , but every time i try to compare its features with dolphin mini i get frustrated , there is no clear documentation everywhere . that said , dolphin mini is a version of the browser that is optimized for velocity and reduced resources use , so i came to the conclusion that dolphin hd is the right path to go if you have a terminal with decent resources ( 700mhz o more powerfull processor , 512mb of ram or more , 800x400 resolution , etc . . . . ) while the mini version is here to that ones that do not have this kind of terminals or that prefer a more faster browser even at the cost of missing some features . so with the two versions being free i choose dolphin hd if the terminal is powerfull enough to allow you to maintain 3 or more tabs open an user flash .
i was using dolphin hd for a while , but a lack of room on my internal storage forced me to swap to dolphin mini as it has a much smaller install size . i only use the browser for light browsing to a few regular sites , but i have not found anything that i can not do in dolphin mini . in my experience you might not miss out on anything if you use mini instead of hd .
google docs is a noteworthy difference . in short it seems that certain , small add-ons are hard-coded into the mini-version . the goal is to keep it simple and small - but it lacks the full add-on-featurabilty of dolphin . this difference makes mini less flexible , but smaller .
if you have a rooted phone , you can always edit your hosts file to block known adult sites . trying to block all sites is an exercise in futility , unless you opt for a slight reversal of logic and use white-listing wherein only allowed websites are allowed to be connected to and all others are blocked . as of now , i am not aware of any app on android that offers this functionality . there are other avenues for adult content - the android market is one of them and blocking that seems counter-productive for a smartphone . also take a look @ droidwall - an app that only allows certain apps to access the net . * update : *trend micro 's paid app mobile security seems to have parental controls , although i can not vouch for the app 's efficacy . the user reviews do not paint a very comforting picture but a 30 day trial is available so you can test the app out yourself .
it may be worth contacting your carrier . i know vodafone uk , for example , offers some sort of parental control . though this would not monitor access over wifi .
k9 webprotection is out for android . seems like it does not work for some devices , though , as it is based on firefox . this can always be combined it with an app locker to block the default chrome browser .
it does not block content , but x3watch monitors what websites you visit . if you use that in conjunction with droidwall as suggested by sparx , or use an app protector to block/limit other apps , that may help . update : covenant eyes now has an app now available in the market . as with x3watch , it does not block sites ( though it may in the future ) but reports what websites you visit . it is officially a beta version , but seems to work well . the app itself is free , but usage requires a covenant eyes account - which also covers usage of any programs on the pc or mac .
t mobile has some sort of optional content filter also . i know that it only works when you are browsing over 3g/4g/edge , not wifi . i do not know how well it works though , as the only experience i had with it was it being turned on in error and me having to call to get it turned back off .
i have set my phone to english ( united states ) , but then i also customized date and time to use italian format ( dd/mm/yyyy ) . numbers do not seem to be customizable , plus some apps ignore date and time settings and use the ones from the main language , or allow to specify a format .
you can set the date and time format in the settings ( system section ) -> date and time .
the norm definitely seems to be for developers to update their app and those who have already paid for it will also receive the update . however , this is definitely not enforced in any way , shape , or form . unless you have a contract stating otherwise ( and you ensure it is enforced ) , you only get what you pay for ( the current version of the app ) and that is it . the developer can easily choose to upload the new version as a " different " app and expect old users who want to upgrade to pay for it .
yes but this is not enforced . i have not seen any android app developer do otherwise
if the developer keeps releasing updates to the app as the same packagename and you already purchased the application previously , then should receive updates for the application for free . e.g. if you went and purchased my app then you should get updates so long as i keep updating this specific packagename of the app : net.mandaria.cardashboardpro however , i could at some point in the future decide that i want more money for the application and release a newer version of the application under a new packagename : net.mandaria.cardashboarddeluxe you would not get a free update to this app , even if it is technically the same application , i have chosen to release it as a separate app in the eyes of the android market ( which determines two applications to be different solely by their package name ) . however , i could still charge you for more money by including ( optional ? ) in-app purchases or subscriptions that did not previously exist without changing the package name . carrying the same example , i could still use net.mandaria.cardashboardpro but have an in-app purchase for the " deluxe " features . most developers will not do these things to users who have already purchased their application , but it is not impossible . once such example of a developer trying to charge for a newer version of his application was psx4droid . the backlash was so vicious from his users that he went back and updated the older ( version 1 ) of his app to the newer version ( version 2 ) . he now has to maintain three versions because of this ( version 1 and 2 , plus a free version ) instead of two . talk about a developer headache . so ultimately it depends on what the developer decides to do . in the majority of cases , the developer will keep supporting the same app and you receive the latest updates for free after your purchase .
yes , it should be possible . if your android phone is rooted , just use a root explorer and inspect the app 's data under /data/data/ [ com . your . vpn . app 's . name ] use " adb backup " ( win/linux app here ) and extract it with adbextractor use helium ( an adb backup frontend ) , it produces the same backup type that is extractable with adbextractor like above . you can determine your apps internal name by finding it on google play and looking at the the url : e.g. , openvpn for android has de . blinkt . openvpn as internal name
i could think off two possible alerting devices like : a bluetooth enabled watch - which when paired with the phone can display incoming call alerts and can even vibrate . being a watch on our hand its vibrations can not go unnoticed . casio has one ; amazon has few bracelets ; sony 's liveview are few options . to wear a bluetooth headset always so that the ring can be heard . if that looks like working for fbi : ) there are jewel kind of bt devices like this one .
my answer here for a similar question points to the missed reminder app which appears to have an adjustable led interval setting . hope it helps .
i am pretty sure i have only seen this feature on rooted android phones running custom roms . i have seen it on some custom roms in the ' messaging ' app , but never as a general system-wide setting . i am going to say that no , this is not possible right now , at least on stock android .
go to Settings &gt; Apps &gt; and select the last tab named All . on top right corner , tap the 3 dots button , and select Reset app preferences . this will enable all the disabled apps on your phone .
i am developing an open-source app called electricsleep , and it will eventually have this sort of functionality . it is getting close to going into beta . project website : http://code.google.com/p/electricsleep/
there is sleep bot tracker log and sleep logger . they do not seem to directly connect to google health , but they let you export data ( one does csv , the other does not specify ) .
first , killing background processes will do nothing ; they will just be restarted . instead , focus on apps . you could use an app like titanium backup ( requiees root ) to " freeze " an app , and see if the problem stops . if it does you know what app is the problem . then uninstall it , or turn off background sync for it or something if that might be the problem . tb can uninstall system apps , but be careful which ones . i had this problem when i had sipdroid installed -- every time its connection dropped and came back up , it would turn on the screen .
contacts are stored in a database . if you mean the filename of the app , it is probably contacts . apk in /system/apps/ .
it is contacts . db but it is not a normal file or directory , it is a sqlite3 database in the following location which you will need root to access : data/data/com.android.providers.contacts/databases/contacts.db 
i am unsure why linux does not typically require a specific adb driver . however , there is a " universal " windows usb adb driver that works with most android devices . it was developed by koushik dutta ( koush ) , a famous android developer who works on clockworkmod . it should work quite well for you . download here : http://koush.com/post/universal-adb-driver
as others already responded , in linux there is common usb driver , which adb uses . it seems that in windows there is no common usb driver , so adb uses the " provided " driver - different for every device/manufacturer .
chor waichun mentioned this on a locked question you posted on stackoverflow : i have seen somewhere stated that this behaviour is because both android and linux run on same kernel , and same situation goes to developing android on mac . both os runs in very similar os kernel with android , that is why they do not need any drivers . these are just something i remembered seeing from other threads , can not give 100% sure update #1: the android site also mentions this : if you are developing on windows and would like to connect an android-powered device to test your applications , then you need to install the appropriate usb driver . . . . if you are developing on mac os x or linux , then you probably do not need to install a usb driver . to start developing with your device , read using hardware devices . update #2: there is a comment on stackoverflow regarding libusb . i think this may be the reason why linux does not need additional drivers . actually adb under linux accesses usb devices using libusb without any specific kernel driver . also adb has a list of vendor ids which it is allowed to use , but this does not explain the problem in question , because vendor ids for both phones are the same . and in case of permission problems due to missing udev rules adb devices clearly shows “no permissions” in the list , so this is also not the cause of this problem .
some people have found work arounds for this problem . i have not tried myself but it looks like there are 2 ways it can be done . here is the linkhttp://www.androidtablets.net/forum/allwinner-a10-based/47980-can-anyone-help-me.html
once you have an active google account , which you can create here https://accounts.google.com/signup?continue=https%3a%2f%2fwww.google.com%2fhl=en on your android ics device , go to : settings> accounts> add account you will see many options from which you can choose , among them google . generally you can add an account by running a google app , such as reader , play or gmail , and it will ask you to sign in with your google account .
i have a d2pad as well and i am successfully using google+ . like mike c said , go to settings> accounts and sync> add account ( top right corner ) . there will be 4 options to choose from . corporate/dropbox/email/google . tap google and sign in to your google account . now that you setup your google account , open 1mobile market search and download and install google+ . hope this helps
it looks like your device is not approved by google , so sadly , you can not officially get google apps for it . it also seems to be a pretty unknown tablet from an unknown manufacturer , so there is not a community around it who might have unofficial versions . however , if the tablet is just a rebadged version of something more popular ( like many of these tablets are ) , this program might help you identify the actual manufacturer and get help that way .
i am afraid the hardware you have bought is not an official android device , and so will not have google account options available to you . i will try and find a work around for you .
yes , i have had a windows 8 phone crash and switch off with extreme frequency- got new sim card issued by supplier and phone now totally reliable . it is the simplest thing to check and it does not require you to do the whole backup and restore thing .
perhaps it could but not in this case . i am going to go with faulty hardware and here 's why . i have tried the following : action . . . . rationale full reset . . . installed too many apps and corrupted os ? full reset and reformat memory card . . . corrupt file system on mem card ? full reset and do not use a memory card . . . defective mem card ? new sim card . . . bad sim ? full reset + new google account . . . bad data in google account ? full reset + original google account but do not activate any location awareness . . . suspect gps issue in each case i can get the phone to fail in 5-45 minutes and usually within 20m as long as i am tranferring some data via 3g ( youtube , downloads etc ) . so , since i have swapped out everything except the physical phone hardware the problem must lay in the device itself . glad there is a manufacturer 's warranty
i just did this ! /data/property/persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib is a textfile containing one of two values : ' libart . so ' or ' libdvm . so ' . you can change from art to dalvik simply by editing this file . ex : adb shell ' echo libdvm . so > /data/property/persist . sys . dalvik . vm . lib '
unfortunately i do not think there is any way for a user of an app to do that , i am pretty sure it would require the developer to add that extra " intent " as an option to their app before it could appear in that app chooser box . there are apps that specialize in this behaviour though , and should appear as options in the app chooser box for web links : inbrowser is " a fully featured incognito/private browsing experience " , which should appear in that list of browsers and work as an incognito browser . incognito browser " automatically operates in incognito or private browsing mode "
if its on the default apps of your phone , go to google play store and download root explorer , from there , prese the buttons befote the micro sd card simbol , then locate and press app/system apps , find superuser and delete it from the internal phone .
there are a few scenarios that might explain what is going on . superuser app binaries need to be updated open your superuser app and check for any updates to the binaries . the binary is what gives that superuser app the right to grant or deny other apps superuser priviliges . if it is outdated or has been replaced by a different binary , you may need to update it to get it working again . root priviliges denied permanently for the app when an app requests superuser access , a superuser app generally prompts the user to Allow or Deny . usually , it also gives the option to follow the same action temporarily , for a set time , or permanently ( depending on the superuser app you use ) . if you deny an app root privileges permanently , it will likely cause the app to pause when asking the system for root privileges until it times out . check your superuser app to make sure titanium backup is not marked as deny . lack root you may have lost root access ( possibly during an automatic over the air update ) , which would be why the app requesting superuser rights is failing . most superuser apps display a toast or other message anytime an app requests root privileges ( along with whether that request was granted or denied ) . alternate superuser app another superuser app may have been installed to take over requests for sudo access . if you know you have root , check for other superuser apps . they usually have " super " in them , though this is not a guarantee . very slow device on my old phone , there would be times when the cpu was bogged down ( ex right after bootup ) . if i tried to open a root app , it would ask for root rights , then time out before the superuser app could process the request . this usually only happened for an app that caused a prompt to allow or deny , but it still happened on occasion with apps that had been granted access forever .
looking at this which caught my eye : sounds like a botched install of the superuser app in itself . where did you get the app from as matter of curiousity ? thing is , there is two versions of superuser apps and are not interchangeable , its either one app or the other , both mutually exclusive . one by koushik dutta and one by noshufou i would be more inclined to think that this particular one was a mix ' n ' match version . try downloading the " proper " version either on the play store .
for me , tapping menu → show more icons / show less icons ( this should be " show fewer icons " , but w/e ) does the trick usually .
are you using the stock launcher ? clearing all data from your launcher app should sort of reset your app . you can try that from settings -> applications -> ( launcher app ) and then hit the " clear data " button . you will lose your homescreen settings preferences . also , you can try using a different launcher like nova launcher or go launcher . this should solve your issue .
is it a google apps account ? if so , you need to flick some settings in the domain manager : Settings-&gt;Calendar-&gt;Share all information and/or Share all information, and outsiders can change calendars . have you tried going into the calendar settings and checking `share this calendar with others ' ? wait a while . google calendar settings changes often take a while to propagate , i have found ( at least with google apps ) . possibly because the server i am making my changes on is different from the server that my phone is hitting up .
i had the same error and did some research on it . here is what i could find out . this error seems to be a little mysterious as it comes and goes . i have tried many things from several forums but in the end , waiting solved the problem . it just disappeared from one day to another and i was not the only one experiencing this phenomena . some even say it is a problem on the side of google . if you want to take action , here are the steps i could find and have tried : unlink your google account from the phone . do so in the account settings in the application manager , find the play store and delete data and caches relink your google account if that did not help and if it is possible on your phone : delete the dalvik cache , which stores information about the apps and the structure . do so by booting into maintenance mode -> option ' advanced ' -> ' delete dalvik cache ' while you are there , you might want to wipe the cache partition i have not tried this and on an unrooted phone it might not be possible , but several people said it helped them to delete the " . android_secure"-file with a file browser though i am not sure about the consequences of this . if all fails , wait for a couple of days ( which worked for many people i have heard of including myself ) . i hope this could help you .
i solve this on the nexus 5 using tasker with autovoice plugin . once you get both installed , add a profile that reacts to the " autovoice bt pressed " event with the action for running the activity for google:voice search ( long clicking on the google search app and selecting voicesearchactivity from the activities presented .
spent the last hour looking for an answer to your question , think i got a solution for you . the app " playto universal " $4.99/us and " cast2tv-pro " $2.99/us , both available from play store will stream directly to the pc from your android . they should work for your " game face cam " . good luck ! !
the screen is glass . since the release people were having issues with the screen due to the glass sometimes cracking when in tight pockets . . . this would usually not occur with plastic since plastic is a little bit more flexible . htc says broken glass means nexus one not for pocket design : solid , but not groundbreaking
i do not know cwm , but twrp ( which supports your smartphone ) allows you to mount the /sdcard partition via usb . if you have got troubles with the latest version , try an older one ( i had some problems too in the past with another phone ) . if that is still ro , you may need to format it ( always in the twrp menu ) . as a plus , it is a 100% touch screen recovery !
if your version of cwm recovery has the “install zip from sideload” option in the main menu ( looks like such recovery version for htc one x exists ) , you can use this option to install from a zip file which is stored on your computer without copying it to the sd card : select the “install zip from sideload” option in the recovery menu . run the following command on your computer : adb sideload UPDATE.zip  where UPDATE.zip is the zip file you want to install . you may need to update your adb executable if it does not understand the sideload subcommand . note that currently there is no confirmation when the “install zip from sideload” command is selected , and also no way to abort the sideload mode once it is entered , therefore if you enter the sideload installation mode without a way to give the adb sideload UPDATE.zip command , the only way out would be to pull the battery ( on some phones holding the power button for 10­­–15 seconds to force a reboot also works ) . or , if you entered the sideload mode , but do not actually want to install a zip package , run something like adb sideload /dev/null , or use any small file which is not a zip package . the sideload option is primarily made for phones which do not have internal fat32-formatted storage , but should also work on other models . one important limitation is that the zip file is temporarily downloaded into the phone ram ( it is placed into /tmp/update.zip , which is in ramfs ) , therefore , depending on ram size of your phone , you may not be able to install large packages this way .
your local independent phone repair shop or market trader will probably sim-unlock your phone for around a fiver , or you can probably negotiate it as a free service if you are buying something else there . it is not quite free , but if you value your time at all , it is probably cheaper than faffing around trying to do it yourself .
i recently searched for a free a unlock code but all seemed to be a scam . so i ended paying for my unlocking code to unlockcode4u . com which was really quick and worth it ! ! i could have saved lots of time going straight to them .
unlocking your htc one for free may not unlock it permanently . so it would be better to pay someone else who would be able to unlock your phone for affordable rates . i do not have any personal experience in cellunlocker so cannot comment on this . i usually unlock phone with the help of simpleunlocking . com and get free unlocking instructions with the help of mobileunlockguide . com .
go into your wi-fi settings . long press on the networks that you do not want to automatically connect to and tap ' forget ' .
you could try wi-fi ruler . with wi-fi ruler you can set up which access points you want to automatically connect to and which ones to ignore . this might be good if you want to remember the settings ( just in case you want to connect again ) but still avoid connecting to the ap .
i suggest that when you disconnect to a wifi network , you also forget it . it will not connect to a wifi network that you have not explicitly connected to in the past , so as long as you forget the wifi network , it will not connect . i regularly find myself doing this , although i rarely turn my wifi on .
i browsed a bit on android market and then i pushed another file from the zip downloaded . it is named MarketUpdater.apk . that is what updates the market to play store ! tried starting from scratch and pushed market updater too ! so it was play store right when it sat in .
you can use adb push/pull , it is command line based but working well . you can search using an adb shell .
this is at best a partial answer , but i believe i have collected some pertinent information . i am the author of that other question you link to , and my goal is exactly the same as yours : use the nexus 5 with a projector with vga input only . you distinguish between vga adapter and converter , which is part of what i was asking for in my question , and from the answer i got i thought there is no such distinction . especially after i noticed that this hdmi-to-vga product , which in the description claims not to need an extra power supply , actually does have a micro-usb port to get power , and many customers comment that it only works with extra power , i assumed that the difference is a matter of marketing . in the ( german ) product description it says at some point " adapter " and at another point " konverterkabel " ( converter cable ) . i still do not know whether there is such a difference . if there is , i would assume that an " adapter " merely makes an analog signal which is somehow hidden ( ? ) in the hdmi available , while a " converter " actually contains d/a circuitry . i had a look at the " slimport to vga adapter " from analogix but did not buy it for the same reason you give ; moreover , the description mentions " lg g2" and " lg optimus g pro " , but not the nexus 5 . the analogix website also shows an " hdmi/vga combo adapter " , which appears not be for sale yet . i sent an email to analogix requesting clarification , but they did not reply . in the end i decided to buy the " hdmi adapter " from analogix and the hdmi-to-vga thingy linked to above . the first works perfectly , but the second does not work at all , at least not in combination with the first . i tested it using a projector and two different monitors , and in all cases there was not even a sign that a signal was received – with or without extra power . i will send it back , but i do not know which other product to try next . a possible explanation why it does not work would be that the native resolution of the nexus 5 of 1920 x 1080 ( full hd ) is too high for a vga connection , or for the respective device . since the nexus 5 has no hdmi output settings , i used the app " screen settings " ( needs root ! ) to change the resolution . this appears to work on the device screen ( apparently scaled up again to the screen 's size ) , but does not change the fact that vga output is not recognized . strangely , if i connect to a monitor via hdmi , the monitor still reports an 1080p input signal . this might be a quirk of my monitor , but it might also indicate that the changed resolution only affects the software side but not the signal . i am not sure whether hdmi supports arbitrary resolutions , but i think there should be at least 1080p and 720p . another possible explanation is that the hdmi output is " protected " by hdcp , and a " legal " hdmi-to-vga converter will not simply strip the hdcp , thus just disabling output for an encrypted input . according to this thread on xda-developers , hdcp is activated by default and for all content on the nexus 10 , and the only way around it is to install a custom rom . i suppose the same holds for the nexus 5 . i made a post on google 's product forums about this , the chances for getting an answer might be slightly larger if more people favorite this and/or chime in .
google chrome application for android the google chrome application for android comes with some sync features as to allow users to keep their web-experience mirrored to other devices or desktop computers . you need to be signed in on the services screen : if you are not on the sign-in services screen , touch menu > settings > your email address to manage your sign-in options . you can adjust your sync settings from the services screen : touch sync to adjust your settings . you can either set the sync to affect all data or specify each data is intend to be synced : enable the service : use the blue slider at the top of the screen to enable or disable the service . define what is to be synced : if you do not want to sync everything , deselect the sync everything checkbox and choose the data you had like to sync . encrypt your data : touch encryption to choose whether to use your google account password or a custom passphrase to protect your data . rest the sync service : touch reset sync to remove synced data from your account . if you have forgotten your sync passphrase , use this option to reset the passphrase . note : to fully take advantage of this feature , make sure you are signed in to chrome on other devices , such as your computer or tablet . additional documentation about this can be found at google chrome support page for sync data . google web history google takes care of this for you as long as you have logged yourself into your google account on every browser and/or device you use . additionally , using history . google . com , you can manage the information stored : what i most enjoy with this is the fact that all my searches are synced between mobile , desktop and laptop , saving me precious time .
go to settings > accouts and choose skype/whatsapp > then search for each one how do you remove the sync contacts . after this your contacts list should update not showing skype/whatsapp data . as for the call using skype , you should have the option to choose phone and click use always . this is very phone dependent , so if you cannot find this options , tell us more about your phone and android version .
go to your contacts app and hit the menu key - choose ' contacts to display ' - you can choose to display contacts from a single app source or click on customized list and it is setting button to choose which app sources to show contact data from and which ones to ignore .
in recent android versions in order for a ringtone to repeat on a loop , mp3 and ogg files must include a label in their metadata called android_loop with a value set to " true " . if you are not using built-in ringtones ( that already have this label , ) your files most likely do not have this label in their metadata . you can use a number of freeware utilities ( such as winamp , for example ) to edit the metadata of ogg files and set this flag , or mp3tag for mp3 files .
you may be talking about button savior , but even if not , this app allows you to trigger click on your phone buttons : relevant features with or without root simulates : home key power key volume key camera key call key
there is no way to limit the cache of browsers or apps , however you could use one of many cache cleaner apps to sweep the cache/temp files in one stroke . take a look at dolphin browser as well - it has an option to store the cache on the sd card , so that will eliminate your space problem . there is also the option of clearing the cache/history each time you exit the browser . also has sync , extensions and flash support ( depending on your device ) . btw - i do not think opera mini stores a cache as opera mobile does . opera mini does however store pages in folders specified by the user .
from the reviews on that app , it sounds like they are doing part of it in their app , and part of it by sending you to the website . this may well be two separate authentications . the official google docs app is now part of google drive , have you tried that to see if it works more how you had want ? it does not ask me for any authentication when i use it .
you are right that android is supposed to be integrated . well it is , but it does not happen magically , developers need to make it so . this specific app is a beta and it was last updated more than a year ago . it is a safe bet that the developer ( s ) abandoned the project . i recommend that you install the official google drive app . it does not ask for your password and it is regularly updated . applications that can use the integrated authentication system require various permissions in the " your accounts " category .
if you do not want to use 3rd party apps , this is currently ( as of android version 4.4 ) not possible .
i also have the same issue on an 7" astro+ - but also there is no " people " ( contacts ) app - although it shows in settings on the apps list , is cannot be found as an icon anywhere . . . anyone else got this as well ?
here is a solution ! you need to enable screen pin/password lock . it will disable the physical keyboard in sleep mode . : )
i now have the same issue using a 7" sumvison astro+ after updating the firmware to the manufactures latest ics listed version . from what i can tell this issue has been introduced as it was not present when i first received the tablet with the original firmware . the details the device lists are android version 4.0.3 build version 9f2-d1-h2-h01-2102.20120515 baseband version 1.1 kernel version 3.0.8+ the release notes list nothing but stability improvements so no clues as to what has been tinkered with . generally the update was successful a wi-fi issue i had with streaming music has been cleared and the devices has had it is default cpu speed bumped up which makes it feel snappier , if this keyboard issue was not there it would be perfect .
there is an app that enables it ( aptly called wifi pppoe ) , but it requires you to root your phone . pppoe is not natively supported in the android sdk .
swiftkey stores personalized predictions in the sd card but probabily in a hidden file . in order to change your predictions i think you should reset your typing data under advanced in the app . afterwards , you have to re-teach your expressions ( 3-4 times the same words ) . hope this helps
based on this post from xda , fix permissions was removed . i have not seen any reason why . however , somebody made a flashable zip to put it back in .
it was removed because it is total placebo these days . i wrote it for dealing with the silly things that happen when we used to put apps on sd before android supported it . since then , it is been something of a sugar pill that magically fixes all problems without actually doing anything . ( taken from the commit history , posted by steve kondik )
you should be able to find them here . if they are not there then your phone is probably not actually uploading them . if it is not uploading photos check that in settings > accounts > google > " your account " > google photos is checked . also check in google+ > settings > auto-backup that it is configured to upload , there are also some settings to control when ( on wifi/charging etc ) .
by searching in google , i landed in a discussion thread on xda . it seems that this issue is a software bug and just to troubleshoot , keep the battery charged fully and see at what level of the battery this issue comes up . and you are being referred in that discussion as well ; - )
this is the minimum specs for ics : minimum chipset : armv7 and upwards , snapdragon s2 and greater , preferably . ( msm 7225 , 7625 , 7227 , 7627 - forget those chipsets as they are armv6 ) minimum ram is 512mb , ics is bigger than gingerbread rom , we are talking stock rom , ( gb weighs around 65mb , ics weighs in around 120mb ) , then again rom modders have somewhat trimmed down ics to about 90mb ) the crucial thing to remember is this , if your /system partition is small ( i define small as around 120-140mb ) then ics is going to have a hard time running in that storage space . at the bare minimum , the /system partition would be ideally 200mb to cater and give breathing space for ics .
how much more /data space does ics need in comparison to gb ? easy answer : the same . 3rd party installed apps need as much storage on both gb and ics and maybe ics ' internal apps need a little more storage , but that is negligible . most often it is just the user apps that grow bigger and bigger by time ( with bigger devices . it is the same with bloated websites as connection speeds grow ) . i have installed ics on all of my current devices and can say that it is not a big difference . i typically need 400-800mb with some games ( maxpayne , gta3 , etc . ) and consider myself a medium-to-power user ( with number of apps installed ) . so i guess , you need around 80-100mb for the minimal stuff ( maybe less ) and on top of this all that you want to install . i think the comfort zone starts at 250mb if you move apps to the sdcard and 500-750mb if you will not .
i just plugged it in , did a reboot with the on/off and volume switches like turning it off , and i came to life again ! yay !
this link helped me to flash a rom image . as an additional benefit , this rom seems to be faster than micromax 's original rom and also claims to support a list of 3g dongles . the previous ( i.e. . original ) rom i had did not support reliance and bsnl 's 3g dongles . as in a settings menu the following dongles are supported ( i have not got any 3g dongle to test ) : wcdma : huawei ( e230 , e176g , e160e , 182g , e1782 , e1750 umg1691 ) , zte ( mf633bp-1 , mf633 , mf637u ) cdma2000/evdo : huawei ( e150 , ec1261 , ec122 , ec156 , ec1270 ) , zte ( ac580 , ac2736 , ac2746 ) after re flashing , i installed clockworkmod recovery as per this link as well .
daniel ! i had the same problem after flashing it with cm 10 nightly , but after debugging on settings , i found a fix . i dont know if its a bug or what , but what i did was : 1 ) ' forget ' my network 2 ) connect to it again ( make sure your security key is entered correctly ) 3 ) if still says , " saved , secured with wpa " dont hesitate , you are still not done 4 ) on your wifi window , press your menu button 5 ) choose " advanced " 6 ) there should be a " wi-fi frequency band " choice , make sure its on " auto " 7 ) still not working ? underneath the ''wi-fi frequency band'' , there should be " wi-fi ' region code " . 8 ) i dont know if yours has a choice selected , but mines didnt . i chose , " united states " and viola . when i went back , it says " connected " and my wi-fi sign finally showed on my status bar hope this helps !
you should ensure that you dismount or " eject " the storage from your pc before turning off storage sharing from your device or disconnecting it . the pc may not flush all writes and properly close resources until you do that , leaving the device storage in a bad state . in windows , you can right-click the drive in windows explorer and choose " eject " or do the same from the safely remove hardware icon near the clock on the start bar : http://windows.microsoft.com/en-ca/windows7/safely-remove-devices-from-your-computer as i noted in chat , android has also been pretty finicky with homescreen shortcuts ( my sgs loses all shortcuts to apps on the sd card upon reboot , for example ) . it could be that you are seeing the same thing here , and the apps are not really being deleted .
you can do this with free kebab . llama it is an event monitor that can do actions when an event on the phone happend . you can configure that whenever the event " headset-connected " occours start the app musicplayer ( or any other app you want )
easiest way might be to use some headset controller like e.g. jays headset control ( there are plenty more on the playstore if this one does not work out for you -- i also had to try a few until i found the right one working smoothly with my headset ) . most of them allow you to define an app to be started as soon as the headset is connected ( in your case , that would be the media player of your choice ) . beside that , they give you the ability to control the media player via your 1-button-headset control : tap once to play/pause ( or accept a call ) , tap twice to skip forward a title ( or reject a call ) , hold the button to increase volume , and much more . edit : i see k3b and i both misunderstood your question as " start the player " , while you were talking about " start playback " . one app which can solve this is tasker ( see their website for a free trial version ) . the tasker user manual mentions in the actions section : media control send a command to a media playback application . simulate media button : when selected , any media player which listens for media button events can be controlled . without it , the only the android system media player will respond . so this should do what you want .
the best solution for you would be to use smart connect liveware™ mgr . as you can see , you can set actions to start when you plug a device ( headset , hdmi , charger , etc . ) and actions to start when you unplug the device . i have a setting to start playing music when i connect my headphones and stop playing when i remove it . there are many things you can do with this . the best part is that you can manage your music with your own music app ! simply create an event for actions to be done upon the connection pf a headphone and forget this app ! this was originally developed for sony xperia handsets . but should work with any , which has a good hardware configuration ( src ) and an os higher that ics ( which you already have ) .
problem is that i can not down load the file manager to do this . you can download a file manager from the browser and install it . oi file manager avaible from the web page as are many others if you search around .
solution is found here : stackexchange-url just follow that instruction and its easy .
or you can just email the text to yourself in gmail or something and pick it up from there .
what a pain , i know . . . same thing on windows , linux , etc . too i think . . . my solution . . . ( after a little bit of preliminary set up , but after that it is very fast to use every time after that for the most part ) - really wish i did not have to do all this setup in the first place and " it just worked " like the iphone/ipad ios simulator does with this kind of stuff , but ( grumble , grumble . . . ) i run the free version of the abyss web server ( starts up in about 1 second on a fast computer ) on my mac . i am usually running it anyway as a test server and if it is not running , like i said its starts up in about a split second and it has extremely low overhead on cpu , memory , etc . - it is also nice that you can see that it is running in your dock so you notice to shut it off when you do not need it . btw , i you can also do this with the built-in apache web server ( sudo apachectl start , etc . ) , mamp , etc . but i do not do that with this for a variety of my own reasons . anyway , within the abyss server ( inside the root htdocs directory ) i keep a basic html file called " clip . html " with the proper head tags , etc . so it can display via web browsers . i then keep the " clip . html " file open in a text editor like bbedit and paste whatever text i want to transfer to the avd into the " clip . html " file 's body area . i can then pull up the " clip . html " file on the avd through my local ip address ( because currently the avd does not work with the " localhost " address . . . sigh ) . for example while my ios simulator iphone is perfectly happy with localhost:8000/htdocs/clip.html , for android 's avd 's i have to instead quickly check to see which local dhcp ip address my computer is assigned to by my router and use that instead ( cowtip : find it with terminal : ipconfig getifaddr en1 ) . if you move around a lot with a laptop and it changes a lot , it might be good to use a different method with an external web server with a domain name and user/pass or use some other advanced techniques i will not get into here ) anyway , aside from all that stuff , for example , this works where i am located right now with my abyss web server up and running : 192.168.0.69:8000/htdocs/clip.html i then type that url into the android avd 's browser url window , go to it and save it as a bookmark for future use . as you probably already know , you will need to config the avd so it works with your keyboard to type it in . from now on ( as long as my internal ip address does not change with my location ) , i just click on that bookmark and there is all the text that i have pasted into the body of the " clip . html " file . if the text changes , i refresh the avd 's browser and there it is . i can of course select it and copy the text within the avd at this point . it even works with really old android platforms as well ( if they can access an url with the browser , it'll work ! ) . cowtip : if i am testing websites or various local urls with the avd 's browser , etc . i can of course also add html links into the " clip . html " file that i can simply click on within the avd 's browser and go to their locations . ( not as cool , easy and quick as simply dragging an url 's favicon from your safari browser to the ios simulator 's iphone , etc . but that is the beauty of using apple 's stuff , is not it ? ) cowtip #2: be sure and make the text size in the " clip . html " file large for mobile . just do that in the css style in the head code of the " clip . html " file . cowtip #3: if you change locations , be sure and update your ip address in the url and avm 's bookmark . i have some other proprietary methods that automate many steps above with custom scripts i wrote , but i have to charge for my time to customize it for some else 's setup , sorry . but , even without the scripts , everything above works great overall . hopefully , some day android will make their emulator as good as apple makes the ios simulator in this regard . there is other ways to do this , but i like this way the best because of its compatibility with older android platforms and the ability to click links , etc . disclaimer : i am not responsible if you do not know how to protect your server from getting hacked , etc . with proper configuration/firewall/etc . and if your computer explodes , etc . regards , cowicide p.s. if someone knows a better way , please share ! p.s. s . i should note you can also do this with google drive and set up a document , but then you are sharing your data with a third party and if they get hacked ( so does your data ) . and there is chrometophone , but then again , you are sharing the data in the cloud with a third party with that as well . if you work with sensitive data such as classified government/corporate stuff , etc . you should use my method since all the data stays on your machine . i work with sensitive data , so i can not use those easier methods except at times when i am working on things that are not involving sensitive data .
if you are testing on > = 2.2 emulator , then you should be able to use chrometophone or foxtophone to send text into the clipboard .
not sure if it is possible as i do not work with or use an android emulator . what you can do however is place the text you want to copy in a text file and push it to the emulator . once there , open it and copy the contents that way .
if you are connected to the internet and regularly need to paste text into emulator , then one nice way would be to create a dropbox account . link it to a dropbox folder on your mac . install dropbox on your emulator and link it to your account . thereafter , make any text you want , put it in a text file and paste it into your dropbox folder on your mac . then all devices linked to your dropbox account get synced automatically . open dropbox on your emulator and retrieve the text file .
i have found that contact picture quality varies widely with the dialer/contact app used . consider trying a replacement like go contacts ex or any of the other replacements in the market .
is there a file manager called " my files " ? most samsung phones have that by default now , although i am unsure if vanilla google android on the nexus s will have that . check file size through that .
this turned out to be a hardware issue . i had two relatively pleasant conversations with tech support at google play and asus . since it was a new purchase i just returned it .
before updating make full backup of your data . for update using computer you just need to flash system partition using fastbootfastboot flash system system.img , where system img available at image-nakasi-jop40c.zip available inside nakasi-jop40c-factory-6aabb391.tgz , what you can download from google nexus factory images page . using scripts from tgz archive will erase your data without prompt ! dont't flash data , even as you got bootloop ( it can be , if you has applications , incompartible with new version of firmware ) .
unless your launcher specifically supports it then no . some launchers allow you to easily uninstall by long clicking and then dragging to an uninstall option , some require you to do it all manually . you may wish to search for alternate launchers from google play if you really want to be able to do this .
yes , drag it to the trash can but hover there a few extra seconds . * you should then get prompted to answer ' are you sure you want to remove this app ? ' also , if the app cannot be deleted because it came pre-installed , then this will just remove its shortcut . this is dependent upon the launcher .
you want the android sdk . from the cyanogenmod wiki : after installing the android sdk or adb standalone you can use ' fastboot ' in addition to the more common adb . after installing the sdk you will need to add the android sdk platform-tools package .
htc used to have a copy of the linux binary , but they changed their developers portal and now i can not find that one anymore , either . the only other pre-compiled version i have been able to find is here ( link originated from this thread on droidforums .net, which also has a link to a pre-compiled osx binary ) . i checked with readelf on my linux vm and it looks like it is a 64-bit binary , so i have also uploaded a 32-bit version to my dropbox public folder , and it can be downloaded here . this is the binary i use on my machine , which i believe i got from the aforementioned htc site that is now missing . aside from that , you can compile android from source to get it . . . but that is kind of a terrible solution for a single small binary file .
here it is : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=11347040postcount=105
the replicant project builds tools with every release ; you can find their tools here ( go down the directory tree in a path like replicant-2.3/preview/0002/tools/ ) , along with notes about which git version was used for the source . go one directory up and read copying for details . note : they only offer linux builds . source code is here .
no one has answered my question , so i will share what i have learned with my own investigation . no , you have to uninstall updates from the manage apps menu selection from the home screen . i am currently doing this as a workaround . i did not find a way to email google and get an answer , but i did find their forums . the related question on their forums is at http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/google+mobile/thread?tid=0d337324bcc86a55hl=enfid=0d337324bcc86a550004b349bee9f864 there has been particiption in the discussion from a google employee , which is a good sign . also , version 6.0.0 is an improvement of 5.12.0 , but still not as good as 5.8.0 .
try flashing the recovery image manually via fastboot , as described in this guide : download the latest version of the clockworkmod recovery from here . place the clockworkmod recovery image in the same folder as fastboot ( the /tools folder with the android sdk folder ) . power the nexus s down , and hold volume up and the power button until booted into the bootloader . you should see a white screen with three skating androids . connect the nexus s to the computer via usb . on the computer , open terminal and run : fastboot flash recovery recovery-clockwork-5.0.2.0-crespo.img the clockworkmod recovery should now be installed on the nexus s .
no , there is not any such facilities yet .
i ran across this by accident , but it is exactly what i was after ! hope it helps others . https://market.android.com/account and the orders tab
since rooted , download the xposed framework installer from the xda forums : http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/xposed-installer-versions-changelog-t2714053 download link is in the first post in the thread : http://dl.xposed.info/latest.apk after xposed is installed , open the app and install the framework , then soft reboot . open the app again , go to downloads and scroll through the modules . there are a few that will do the things that you want . install the modules you want . read the thread and links thoroughly . understand what this will do to your phone . always do a backup first .
that is something i would say is impossible without rooting . safe mode is for the case an app goes havoc , so it must disable all user apps ( for the havoc-app to not be started , so one can uninstall it or clear its cache/data ) . which means , in order to exclude an app from being excluded ( oops ) , this app must be " converted " to be a system app ( i.e. . it must be installed on the /system partition ) -- which only is possible with root-permissions ( or if the app ships within the rom ) .
not quite what you are looking for , but google voice will let you forward calls to other numbers based on time of day or defined " groups " of people that call you . essentially , it will " ring all the phones " you want it to and then you pick up on any of those phones . for example , you could have a mobile phone , a work phone , and a home phone . you could have google voice ring all three phones at once when someone dials the google voice number . also , us only .
i was looking for something similar and it is hard to find one that would work for android . however it is not so expensive to have a really good phone switchboard , you may use a very old computer with phone modem and utilized the land line , for example you can get an almost-for-free , an old pc computer from garage sales or bank or company that is in the process of updating their it systems , ( like a pentium ii or iii ) . then install either windows xp or linux along-side with a pbx server which you can download for free for both systems . sure it will take a little bit of time and patience to configure , the end result will be worth it , if done properly . a switch-board that will change a pc at your office to a desk phone . even , you can also have a intercom facility as well ( where users can call each other without using land line just over your lan - just pc to pc ) , even you can join remote branches or offices into one phone system . then you can have internal numbers like 1214 or of your own preference and choice , and share the one line over many users , and the most beautiful part is that there is no need to make new wires and getting phone sets ! search google for 3cx ( for windows ) or asterix for linux .
perhaps you should attempt to re-calibrate your battery . google android battery calibration and have read . there are a number of sites that describe the process and even some apps that claim to do it ( i have not tried any , so i can not vouch for them ) .
if you are rooted you can use battery caliberation app to recaliberate your battery . it will reset your battery status .
have you tried plugging it in , letting it charge a bit , then unplugging it ? that ought to reset the battery statistics .
tunein radio has channels for bbc radio , other radio streaming apps probably have them too . tunein is a good app , the pro version even lets you record . i am not sure what other features the pro has over the lite version , but i use tunein daily .
samfirmware . com or xda are your best bets . if you need instructions for flashing with odin or recovery , we have lots of questions on that so just do a search : )
you can do a recovery of firmware using samsung kies software .
i personally like subsonic to stream my media , and they have apps for all major mobile device platforms . it does on the fly transcoding to flv .
i use tversity to stream to my android device , logitech revue , original xbox , xbox 360 , etc . tversity can transcode the video on the fly . i have , in the past , been able to get matroska container files to play , but not always and with varying results . sometime they do not play at all , sometime they played fine , and sometimes they play , but the video is choppy and out of sync with the audio . being able to stream the video to your android device will depend on the video codec used to encode the video . if the device does not support the codec , it will not play . afaik , android , out of the box , does not support the matroska container , actually , there are a lot of formats that android does not support . using something like tversity on your " media server " allows you to transcode these videos in a format that the device will understand , and can play .
archos deals with a special usb host cable for usb otg . perhaps you need it .
there are several versions uploaded to the play store . i cannot personally attest to the safety or nature of them , but they generally all claim to be " pulled from the sdk " or similar . one exception is that i do recall trying the one named " android 2.3 launcher ( home ) " briefly in the past and it worked fine and was not doing anything shady ( it is review average is ~4.2 stars at the moment ) .
i use es file explorer . it lets me access my home network disk drives via wifi . to test this , i opened my phone to the dcim photo area , press/hold one file , " copy to " then navigated up from the sd card , where it gave me my network connections ( which i would already browsed to with es file explorer ) . i could then navigate down to a directory and say [ ok ] and the file went to my nas i was able to view it ( or transfer it ) on another machine just fine . if you want to use wifi directly from android device to android device , then both need to be able to go into " ad hoc " mode which means something like " without a central wifi router " . i doubt that is in the " settings " but there may be something in the app store . ( sorry i refuse to use that new name google gave the app store , as i am serious , not playing around ) . haha .
you might want to take a look at wifi direct and alike . there are several apps on the playstore making use of this , like e.g. superbeam | wifi direct share ( with a fall-back to " hotspot mode " in case of wifi direct problems : one device creates a hotspot , the other connects to it ) wifishare : share files freely states it brings wifi-direct like functionality on lower version of android , it also enables to send large size files to multiple people at a time -- which i understand as it does not depend on wifi direct , but emulates it itself . fast file transfer utilizes wifi tethering to achieve the same . the description states you could even send files to an iph**e ( censored ; ) it plugs into the " share " menu . wifi shoot ! wifi direct uses wifi direct one of those should be fitting your needs : )
with the following solution : you do not depend on a 3rd party 's market app . it can be configured to bypass update notifications by google play . you can revert app " update block " whenever you want ( allowing you to update apps for future versions ) it does not uninstall or freeze the apps you use . it works with gapps too . there is a free app called changelog droid ( formerly this was a freemium app , now it has full functionality for free ) . through it you can manage updates of your other apps , being an intermediary with google play . the advantage is that you can send apps to a blacklist , omitting to show updates temporarily or " permanently " ( until you change your mind ) . you can also follow updates for applications you have uninstalled or you have never installed but want to observe . i accompany this response with some screenshots ( identifying with colors the different screen navigation ) for you to realize how it works . the only downside is that when you open play store , either directly or from this app , all apps will be shown ( including those that you did not want to update , as the one applying the filter is changelog droid and not google play itself , this was expected ) but in changelog droid you can access each app on google play with a button and then upgrade it individually . sorry : there is currently no option to update all allowed applications in one single step from changelog droid , but perhaps the developer could implement it eventually . note : i still have not tested for the scenario you describe ( i already have updated/replaced talk/hangouts ) , but it could work in your case . just remember to do not open my apps view of google play so it will not trigger automatic update of apps .
there is a special permission for Google Billing ( technical name : com.android.vending.BILLING ) , which is required if the app wants to use google 's billing system . so if this permission is requested by an app , it most likely uses some in-app-payment ( why else should it request this permission ) . however : the absence of this permission does not necessarily mean there is no in-app-payment used with an app , as there are other means of accomplishing the like ( e . g . premium sms , or calls to some premium numbers ) . but if an app requests neither to send sms , make calls , access the internet , nor google billing , i know of no way it could accomplish in-app-billing without the user really actively doing something , like buying a gift-card and entering the code .
just announced for play store version 4.5.10: . . . the most noticeable , as well as awesome , feature that was added is the fact that there is an indicator to let you know there is in-app purchases . it’s always nice to know if an app is going to be bugging you to upgrade to the full version with a price tag . ( source ) official " what is new " list : whats new activity feed stars are green instead of blue avatars are circles not squares typography change new layout for reviews , including your own indicator for in-app purchases
you could use go keyboard app , instead of the stock keypad . it has an advanced setting which allows you to pick from the following styles : : ) :- ) :^ ) :o ) go sms pro app is even better . it lets you display emoticons as cute images , but it is good only if the other user also has go sms pro .
first go to type a text , then tap the ? 123 key then press the 1/3 key twice and you will be shown a page full of emotions . alternatively , you can download another sms app such as handcent .
an alternative keyboard like smart keyboard has similar support . it also allows a user to customise which smileys are shown and to edit them . a user can also specify whether they prefer an enter key or a smiley key to be shown . long-pressing shows a pop-up with smileys . note that these are punctuation marks and not images . if the user 's sms app can convert these punctuation marks into graphical image smileys , then the recipient will see those , else he/she will see the text characters .
depending on the keyboard you are using , the sms emoticons will show up in the bottom right ( where the enter key usually is ) . if you long press on the key , you will get a pop-up of other emoticons you can use . using : ) is the same as :- ) so they wont show that one . you can send any emoticon you want , but if who you send it to does not " change it " to an image , they will only see the normal "8- ) " version .
you might be interested on applications to backup call logs : call logs backup and restore
you can create a phone call log using google calendar using the calltrack app which has the option to send it to your google calendar .
first , in the facebook app , under its settings , enable synchronization for all contacts . open up your contact list and select the google contact you would like to merge . then push the menu button and select " edit contact " . then hit the menu button one more time and select " join " . choose which contact you would like to merge it with and you should be good to go .
for those with sense , you also can add the link manually ( i find that sense does not always add the notes tag to google contacts automatically ) . you can get the facebook " id " by going to graph.facebook.com/username instead of www.facebook.com/username ( ie : after you click on a friend on the facebook webpage , replace " www " with " graph" ) . then just paste into google contacts notes : &lt;HTCData&gt;&lt;Facebook&gt;id:12345/friendof:67890&lt;/Facebook&gt;&lt;/HTCData&gt; where 12345 is your friend 's id and 67890 is your id . sense picks up the link on the next sync with google contacts , and the facebook link is added permanently .
for making this process simpler , use go contacts . one click joining . just open go contacts and open the menu , at the menu click on merge , it would give you sort options . sort based on name , email and phone number . choose an option and it would cluster the contacts it feels are duplicates together and ask you for confirmation . you can review and decide what to merge and what not to .
that feature does not exist , the only thing i could suggest is to submit a feature request on the android issues tracker .
here is a step-by-step guide for restoring your nook color to stock firmware .
this is the firmware for your device 's original software ( v . 1.0.1 ) . simply download and save to the micro sd card and use it to flash your nook . voila ! job well done . the xda page chahk posted is an excellent resource and reassuring , stating that it keep in mind that the nook is really hard to brick . by that , i mean almost impossible . so there you go ! good luck !
create that obb folder in Android folder .
even if you did not find it , that should not be a problem . just create a new folder . name it OBB , and copy your game content in there .
you can install a " minimal google play " http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1918484
update your phone to 2.3.4 gingerbread . . . officially by samsung
follow the 5 steps root your android phone to know how to root it just type [ model ] root in google and follow it install the free app rom manager from clockworkmod in google play download the rom you want to try in sd card 4 flash it 5 reboot
i recently bought a trio stealth pro 7c , which uses the allwinner a13 chip . in order to flash a rom , you must use livesuit , which is a chinese-made , windows-only program . you boot your tablet into recovery mode , and livesuit will flash the rom you provide . the rom must be in a specific format , so if you want to create a custom rom to distribute , you have to go through a lot of steps . for more details see this forum or this post* . there are a number of pre-built roms for a10 , but a13 roms are more difficult to find ( if only for the fact that most people do not realize there is a difference ) . you can install clockworkmod on your tablet , if you want , but you probably will not be using it to flash roms . i did , but i am still unable to simply flash a rom properly . you can still to full nandroid backup and restores . *full disclosure : i wrote this post . actually , your question caused me to finish my rough draft and post the finalized version .
micromax funbook is a clone of allwinner a10 chipset based tablet . i once had to flash a rom and asked this question . the link that i had used to flash the rom including the rom itself are available in the answer . you could try that flash tool to install a rom of your choice - but there is a pretty good chance for you to be in trouble if you flash an incompatible rom .
if you have a htc phone , with facebook for htc sense , there is an option to backup your merged contacts . it actually use the comment field to put a &lt;HTCData&gt; tag . ( i do not remember exactly the option , so feel free to edit ) some facebook sync applications such as haxsync ( paid ) provide an option to backup contacts links informations . ( in the case of haxsync , it uses htc tags , so it is compatible with facebook for htc sense and others applications that may also use htc tags ) .
you might want to try one of the many apps written to do just this like merge+ . if that is not what you are looking for , there is also the possibility of exporting all your contacts to google and merging them by doing this : open google mail click gmail under the google logo and select contacts click on the more button above the contact list and select find and merge duplicates . . .
each region has its own network-dependent versions ( with additional apps / bloatware ) . you can use the firmwares from other regions , which you can find in samfirmware , but you need to have a rooted phone .
as a recommendation , try installing a custom rom like cyanogenmod 10.1 . you will not lose your apps , and this happened to me on my bn nook tablet ( rooted ) and installing cm fixed it .
this is a known problem with the s3 . it is believed to be related to a fix samsung put out post 4.1.2 to prevent " sudden death syndrome " - where the phone would die and require a replacement . using different roms has not worked in 100% of cases . fingers are crossed that the android 4.2 release which is due out for the s3 later this month will have a fix for this , there is no evidence this is the case . it is believed that the problem is memory related , and there are apps such as dummy file generator ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jp.nomunomu.dummyhl=en ) which will fill up the system memory with empty files to try and force some sort of self-correction , but this is also not 100% successful . perhaps worth a go , though .
i have used this app in the past to edit my tags audiotaggerfree
i bet the files are there , but you do not have a music app that will support . flac files , so they do not show up as visible . i use one of 2 apps : airdroid , or es file explorer to transfer files wirelessly . both of these apps seem to assist in ensuring the files get to the proper place on the os filesystem .
with my nexus 4 , that directory - which shows up as Internal Storage in windows - can be located at a few different places depending on configuration . the places that i know of include . . . /mnt/shell/0/ /mnt/shell/emulated/0/ /mnt/sdcard/ most of the time , there is a link to this folder ( so you do not need to find it ) at : ( if this works , do not worry about the above directory paths too much ) /sdcard/ this means that you should probably be able to find your music at /sdcard/Music/ . another note : i do not know if the default music player supports flac audio . if it does not , then that would explain why it is not locating the music automatically .
if your phone/tablet has an sd card , there is a much easier way to do this is : simply unmount your sd card on your device and then remove it plug the sd card into your computer 's card reader add a folder called " music " if one does not exist on the sd card move all the songs/albums you want from your media player library into the music folder on the sd card ( including album art ) put the sd card back into your device , and your device reads the media on the sd card and you are ready to listen to all the music you just transferred . if you have problems during the process , read the guide below : how to transfer music from computer to nexus
repair via sus . install sus connect your phone select your phone from sus follow the instruction
try reflashing your custom rom and clear dalvik and cache and do a factory reset after that . and make sure you are flashing a rom compatible to your device .
try to disable " automatic date and time " and " automatic time zone " . this solved my issue like this on nexus 7 and could very well help you out here .
i solved a similar problem on a galaxy sii with a transfer on the phone 's memory of all applications stored on the micro sd card . it is very frustrating to be forced to use the small memory of the phone when you bought a card with a lot of memory… but i know two owners of android phones who suffers of the same issue , solved in the same way .
thanks to datasage for pointing out the official bug report where many others are reporting the same problem . some users commenting there have found that if they stop using wireless charging , and instead charge the phone with a cable , the problem goes away . that might be a useful workaround for you until google fixes the problem properly with an ota update .
according to this review pocket-lint : kingston wi-drive review : you are also able to access the files on the wi-drive on a pc or mac by visiting it is ip address in your web browser . this , again , allows you to play any files that are supported in your web browser . mp3s , for example , play fine , but you might struggle more with video files . you can also connect to the kingston as a regular network drive . we were able to view it as if it was any network attached storage device . that means we could also copy files over wirelessly too . this suggests that , the kingston at least , supports something like smb ( the windows file-sharing protocol ) . many android apps let you connect to an smb shared drive to copy files on or off , i use file manager to copy files from my windows machines to my phone/tablet this way , and i am pretty sure astro supports it too . to do this from your app , you just need to include smb file access support in your andoird app . how to do that is off-topic for this site , as that is a developer question .
there is a binary in /system/bin which continuously checks for root and immediately remves it again , as soon as root is detected . chainfire root tools used to have an automated removal tool affecting this security binary . you can also do it by hand . i do not know it by hard , the name of the binary . but you could extract the auto-root in the link below and you will know it . or you can simply use it . http://download.chainfire.eu/248/cf-root/cf-auto-root/cf-auto-root-d2dcm-sc06d.zip have fun !
as stated it may not be possible to build a complete list , due to carrier bloatware . you may need some of these for functioinality you need also . there is also variants of the s4 , to confuse matters further . this is not a complete list , but trying to keep one exactly up to date is like trying to build your house beside a boat , before you get the foundation poured the boat has moved on down the river . xda bloatware list i must again emphasise that there can be roll on effects and you can lose functionality you may need on your device . e.g. : allshareplay15 . apk removing will impact wifi-direct function . you can remove it , but you will lose widi and so on . the alternative option is to find a slim or ultra-slim rom for your device . an example of this would be echoe illusion rom for the s4 which has a slim and ultra slim variant of some of their roms . there is also the google edition ' stock ' rom that you can use , which is 450 mb approx , while touchwiz variant is about 1.6 gb . there is also the echoe debloater which can remove bloatware from recovery , but the caveat of losing functionality still applies . there are many other roms out there too so shop around if this option appeals . xda forum for s4 note : any mods/themes/firmeware must be for the exact variant of your device , such as gt-i9505 , gt-i9505g , gt-i9500 , gt-i9506 etc . using the wrong ones can and most likely will brick your device .
that is not a bad idea at all . i have verizon wireless and i do this all the time . that is what tethering is for , and the usb option as well . 4g is fast , and for what it is worth , based on what you have said , it seems like a fantastic idea . to answer your second question and forward , no - - your phone would not fry , providing you got a phone with good specs . as far as i am concerned , they have been more reliable than regular average routers . it is lte after all , so it is not a surprise . can not speak about the throttle , that depends on t-mobile and their terms . i think they do throttle , but it is not a huge difference . i would recommend talking to someone from t-mobile and asking them what device has best specs and battery power . also , you can get a data monitor to monitor all traffic and block / allow certain connections via incoming addresses or devices . those apps are available on google play so let me know if you need them . i have a family member who uses t-mobile tethering amongst six devices at home , two of which are a ps3 which plays netflix and it is not slow at all . randomly given of course , every server has ups and downs .
your device 's interface will rotate whether the app you are using was designed to ( e . g . modern combat , dead trigger , browsers , etc ) , apps that were not to intended to change between portrait or landscape will not rotate the interface of your device ( e . g realcalc , instagram , etc ) .
fixed by downgrading to " ginger bread " , re-calibrate horizontal accelerometer and then re-update to jelly bean
that is normal behaviour for the sim card phone book , not just for android , but on older dumbphones too . i remember my old nokia 3310 took about a minute after booting before the phone book ( and other sim card functions ) became available . the problem was not really noticeable on early android phones because they took so long to boot anyway . while the phones are a lot quicker now , the sim cards are still the same old technology . if you want to get at them more quickly , either leave your phone turned on , or copy them to the device .
try bluetooth tethering instead . benefits : consumes less power , you can leave bluetooth enabled 24/7 . works out of the box . drawback : bt 2.1 may cap your maximum umts speed ( usually not an issue on the go ) . there are two profiles for this to tether via bluetooth : bluetooth pan : supported by android 3.0+ out of the box . see wikipedia entry for more info on pan profile . bluetooth dun : needs 3rd party app like bluevpn ( ics version here ) . see wikipedia entry for more info on dun profile . stock android 3.0+ and custom roms like cm should support bluetooth pan . your nokia e71 supports only dun profile ( archos users can enjoy added dun support out of the box however ) .
ok , i found a workaround . i am calmer now . use spiffy search from the market . you can use it to search , then have it set to maps . it does not use your internet connection . then , edit maps settings so that the navigation icon appears whenever you find a location . my deliveries just became a little easier ! btw , i use a droid x on page plus , which uses verizon 's network . for 30 dollars , i have vzw coverage , which is essential on my job , 1200 minutes and 3000 texts , but only 100 mb of data , which is why i am so obsessed with conserving it . now with this work around , i can email , websurf with opera mini , and navigate without going over my limit . it is a brilliant way to milk the big v for all they are worth !
sms gateway from the android store does exactly what you want . periodically checks for e-mails via pop3 and send them via sms . send sms by http get request on its internal webserver . forward received sms to desired e-mail via smtp . forward received sms by calling remote webserver via http get .
there are several process monitoring tools available on google play . one of them is os monitor , which is very likely to help you out with your issue : os monitor : process list , list of open ports ( souce : google play ) as the two screenshots visualize , you can see all running processes as well as network connections including used ports and current status . of course , you could also make use of command-line tools like ps ( to show running processes ) and netstat ( to show open ports ) from within your terminal app ( or via adb shell ) . together with grep , that might be even faster , as you can filter out unwanted entries ( e . g . netstat | grep adb ) .
unfortunately this is not an option on the stock android rom 's , regardless of the version . after doing a little research , it seems that if you wish to root your phone and install a new rom that the desire flavor of rom 's ( i do not know if it is available for your model of phone since you did not specify the model ) has this feature built into the rom itself . after some more research ( this was harder to find than i expected ) there is an app that has built in auto-retry of failed sms messages . please see this xda forum post for details about it . it is a replacement messaging client for your android phone which includes this feature .
i think the issue is that you have the wrong apns . you can try going into system settings-> ( more . . ) wireless and networks-> mobile network settings-> access point names and press the settings button . this should show the settings menu for the apns and should have a reset to default option . click that and wait for 2-3 minutes . it should start working again hopefully .
google maps is known for situations like this for years . it does not happen all the time and on all devices simultaneously with all versions of maps , but comes often enough . for me , the decision was to disable/freeze google maps , and use other map apps ( locus map , oruxmaps ) instead . but let 's go into details how an app ( in your case google maps ) can be " put on ice": on a rooted device a rooted device gives you the most alternatives . say you want to use the app from time to time , you could use the following approach : dynamic freeze convert google maps from system-app to user-app . this can be done e.g. with titanium backup – and is of course not necessary if maps did not ship with your device ( but was explicitly installed by yourself , which already makes it a " user-app" ) greenify maps . this way the app is kept from running unless you explicitly start it . you could think of this as a " dynamic freeze " static freeze if you do not need the app anyway , and rather use another replacement , you can freeze it permanently . a freeze marks an app as being " unavailable " , so it can no longer be started . there are multiple apps which can handle this , as e.g. before mentioned titanium backup or app quarantine . using titanium backup would give you an advantage here : tibu let 's you place a shortcut on your homescreen to freeze/unfreeze-start an app , basically emulating the " dynamic freeze " described above . no need to convert the app into an user-app for this . disabling auto-start on certain events many apps register so-called " broadcast receivers " to be notified on system events they are interested in . the best known certainly is boot_completed for apps that want to become active right after the device has booted up – but there are a lot more . examples include the change of network status ( true for our google maps candidate ) , battery-low , or the sdcard being mounted . on a rooted device , you can disable those " listeners " with so-called " autostart managers " . one of the best is autorun manager in its pro-version . if using those , take care to not disable too much , as that might render an app unusable . without root without root , i know of only one way to achieve something comparable : go to settings→apps select the " all " tab scroll to the app in question ( here : google maps ) , and tap its entry if you do not see a " disable " button , but " uninstall updates " instead , it is a system app . tap " uninstall updates " , then " force stop " . tap the " disable " button now the app is de-activated , and should no longer run . i explicitly made " should " in italics , as to my experience often this is only a partial working solution : though the app is removed from the drawer , it seems it is still not completely out-of-reach for certain frameworks . pros and cons disable : only available solution if your device is not rooted . pro : does not require root cons : app not always completely disabled no dynamics requires multiple " taps " requires to always uninstall updates first ( if there are any ) not applyable to all apps ( manufacturer/carrier can " lock " apps against this ) static freeze : pros : works on all apps partly dynamic ( using tibu and its " shortcuts " on your homescreen ) con : requires root dynamic freeze : pros : dynamic app icons remain in the drawer/on your home screens ( so from the user 's perspective , handling remains unchanged ) cons : requires root does not work on system apps ( though there are " experimental features " for this afaik ) .
there is currently no app like this that i am aware of . however , you could ask the app developer of the app you are using to allow pictures to be taken from the gallery , and not only a new picture - this is very possible .
are you capable of receiving new sms ? do new sms messages pop up ? if you are using the default or stock messaging app , try installing another app like handcent or gosms and see if the same behaviour is repeated . else , try clearing all the messages stored and see . within the default messaging app , there is an option to specify the message centre number - you need to verify that the number entered is what your service provider has assigned . if that does not result in any improvement , see if a factory reset will help . beware that a factory reset will erase all user data .
is your internal storage full ? usually you will not receive any message when your internal memory is getting full , but it could potentially be your problem .
your phone ( karbonn a10 ) does not have storage space available . it has 512 mb available only for the system and the applications binaries ( and their data ) . you can not store media files or any file that applications want to put on a sdcard on this memory . so , for this phone , you need a sdcard for all functions to work . ( but it is not true for all android phones )
no , build number rarely matters . the main reason to note the build number is because of the baseband - but i normally take no notice of the build number .
it is likely the matrix which you are seeing . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pentile_matrix_family the galaxy nexus uses the rgbg matrix just like previous galaxy , however it is much higher resolution than many other pentile displays . here 's a magnification of another , similar screen from a different samsung phone . http://www.droid-life.com/2011/09/28/samsungs-super-amoled-hd-screens-bring-back-the-pentile-matrix/ if that is not what you are seeing then it may be a hardware issue .
no , the android emulator does not emulate specific socs such as tegra 2 , and it does not support nvidia 's instruction set extensions .
play store purchases are refundable under a 15 minute window . under that window , if the user does not like the app and wants a refund , using play store to refund the purchase will end in the user receiving back the purchase amount and the app being uninstalled from the device . is it possible , under the refund window , to copy a paid app to the external storage for example and then once refunded , install it from there . i am no app developer but i know some apps that despite doing this , they check somehow the purchase via play store and in this case , since the user has not bought the app ( it did a refund ) , the app will not work as if it was purchased . in this example the app has a free and paid version , so the paid version has more features but since the user did not paid for that , it gets the free ( despite having the full installed ) .
first of all , do a nandroid backup from recovery to have a backup of your current phone . since you are upgrading not only from a cyanogenmod release but also an android release , it is recomended to do a full wipe ( /cache , /system and /data ) to avoid boot loops and general problems with the upgrade . if you want to backup all your data , despite doing the nandroid , you can use titanium backup , as it will let you backup your apps , data and also some system information ( accounts , call log , sms , wifi settings , . . . ) . just take some care as some system information might not work if you restore it directly when upgrading from ics to jb . user applications and its data files should be safe to restore .
here 's some advice for moving between any two android roms that will serve you well : first , do a full nandroid backup if you are not feeling completely confident . you can do this in cwm recovery , or via adb ( android debug bridge ) . this will create an " image " of your entire device . now that you are safe from screwing anything up beyond repair , go ahead and use titaniumbackup to backup all your system settings and your user apps ( i usually do not backup system apps as this might cause problems ) . backups will be saved on your /sdcard/ and will not disappear when you wipe . ( before this step , make sure you have the rom zip files on your sdcard , otherwise you will have to add them via adb ) go into cwm recovery and wipe your device ( cache and data ) . remember , /sdcard/ is still fine . now install your shiny new rom . when you have booted your new rom , install titaniumbackup first of all . it will recognize that there is already titaniumbackup files on the sdcard ( from before ) , and you will be able to batch install your apps and restore system settings . some advice on restoring backups : be conservative . start by restoring apps without user data , as old data may break the app . if somethings missing and it annoys you , restore that app only with data . same goes for restoring system settings , deselect everything and just restore what you really want ( usually just wifi hotspots for me ) .
upgrading from cm9 to cm10.1 usually requires a fresh install . i had to do it this way too . it is not recommended to use titanium backup because of possible issues . read the warning at the bottom . here are the steps recommended by donandroid . download the cyanogenmod 10.1 rom for your device . copy the downloaded zip file on root of your sd card . boot your device into custom recovery mode . perform a nandroid backup from recovery . now wipe the data by selecting “wipe data/factory reset” . also wipe the cache partition from “wipe cache partition” option . select install zip from sdcard > choose zip from sdcard . select the cyanogenmod 10.1 zip file to kick off the installation . after installation is complete , select “reboot system now” . your phone will now reboot to update cm9 to cm10.1 . warning
the official update will almost certainly unroot and not allow free wifi tether . i will let someone with experience speak to the bluetooth issues .
with forwarding , you should be able to do this automatically . if your contacts are texting your google voice number , then you must have already told google voice to forward texts to your real number . you should be able to reply directly to that forwarded message . google creates a new phone number for your contact and associates it with that person . so if person x at phone number 123-456-7890 sends a text to your google voice number , you will recieve it on your regular number as coming from 987-654-3210 . when you respond , google will recieve the message ( they own 987-654-3210 ) , then resend it to 123-456-7890 with your google voice number as the caller id . however , if they are texting your regular number , or if you do not have forwarding enabled , you will be stuck using the google voice app to send text messages and still have your gv number show up . * *there is a paid app ( root required ) that claims to integrate google voice with the native ( and 3rd-party ) text messaging apps . the app costs $5 and looks like it does what you want . i have not tried this , though , and some of the reviews claim it does not work right ( though others say it works great ) . edit : there is a free version here .
i tried to open my gallery , but could not see any pictures on it . anyway , i use the quickpic app to manage my photos . it is able to show the different folders that have pictures in it . check it out .
i used pics organizer to organize my pictures into different folders for my gallery . download it here works well with other gallery apps .
my work-around is connect my phone via usb mode , where it comes up as a folder ( or volume for you mac fans ) that you can see contents in . create folders you had like to have in your gallery , like " favorite piks " or " stuff i found in my pockets " - whatever . put these in that folder . now use your computer to organize the images between folders within that main volume , save on your home computer , delete , so forth . when you detach from the usb link , your gallery on the phone should show those new folders you created and the images you transferred over . please note that any new images , photos you download or take with the phone will likely be placed in one of any generic folders like " downloads " or " pictures " . t0mm13b 's edit pre-requisites : adb is installed . comfortable with command line . by going onto the command line , and issue this command : adb shell am start -n com.android.development/.MediaScannerActivity the above command line will force android to re-read the sdcard and quickly re-index all the just transferred pictures into the gallery .
if you are looking for details on a given imei , you might want to check with a post at xda-developers : here you can find out what the imei can tell you : the first two numbers is rbi ( reporting body identifier ) = who registered that type of phone ( verify here ) the next four numbers is tac ( type allocation code ) = what type of unit and its complete specifications the next two numbers is fac ( final assembly code ) = who manufacture it the next six numbers is the serial number of the phone the last number is sort of a check sum , that verifies the previous numbers combined a total of 15 numbers is used by your network to get the complete information about your phone that is used against their database of blacklisted phones and final approval to connect to their network , if they were inaccurate or had complaints ( like being stolen , not paid telecoms dues etc ) it will be rejected and blocked immediately from connecting to that network you can verify all this by entering you imei here and here and also here to check if it is blacklisted ( emphasis mine ) to find out the imei of a phone , simply dial *#06# .
install sip user agents on both phones and pc . you can use sipdroid or csipsimple for android and a softphone program like x-lite on the pc . note that you need to set up local accounts when configuring the software . you can then call other parties on the local network directly by their ip:port . if you do not want that , you need to install a full blown voip proxy like asterisk .
you basically answered the question . a widget is a ' view ' on an application that will update and can be embedded in apps like the home screen . a ' program ' in the home screen sense is a static link to an full-screen application startup . see the first para of the android developer docs for more details about what a widget is : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/appwidgets/index.html
go into settings and there is an option for " shutter sound " . you can choose between three different sounds and off . i am assuming you mean the galaxy s and not the galaxy tab . click images for larger variants via droidbar . net
i had the same problem - but discovered that i had system volume turned right down in settings/sound/volume : )
letters do not show to save space . . . but if you slide your finger slowly you will find all the letters showing in the middle of the screen
this was a problem on early galaxy s roms too , but it got fixed in the later updates . on the i5500 the low display resolution could prevent from ever showing all the letters . my advice would be to check for firmware updates from kies , or try a custom rom .
i would say that automatic updating is not syncing , and not a bug . you can turn off auto-update in the settings for the market . if you do not want to use data while roaming , shut it off while roaming or turn off data roaming . if you occasionally want to browse or something without running the risk of having anything else use data , use something like droidwall ( requires root ) . you could configure it to only allow the browser , for example .
the sync feature is for the accounts which are connected to your phone and not the market . if you want to disable the auto-updating of new versions of the apps follow the following steps : open market . click menu and select my apps . select the app which updates itself . after the description of the app there checkbox , disable it . if you want to disable account synchronizing follow these steps : open settings > accounts and sync and uncheck the ' background data ' and ' auto sync options ' . alternatively you can just disable the packet data by going to settings > wireless and networks > mobile network settings , and uncheck ' use packet data ' option . hope this helps
the android market 's automatic update of apps feature is not connected to google sync as nothing is actually being ' synced ' but only updated . best thing to do is to turn off data or get an app that creates a firewall that blocks this ( this will probably require root access by the way )
unless the website specifically supports touch screen , there is no way to do so . unless the website uses a wrapper library like certain jquery plugins that can abstract the differences , the javascript code used to support mouse based drag and drop and touch screen drag and drop is quite different and incompatible with each other .
this solution worked : $ cd 1.0-GRI40-nexusone-superboot $ ./fastboot-linux flash:raw boot boot.superboot.img  i have found the necessary info on http://www.gotontheinter.net/content/fastboot-cheat-sheet
it could simply be that the phone does not have a gps fix when you take the photo . it might be different in your phone 's camera app , but most camera apps start asking for the position when you start the app , and if there is not a fix when you hit the ' shutter release ' , they save the photo anyway , rather than holding you up waiting for a gps fix . getting an accurate position can take some minutes if you are hidden from the sky , so it is easy to take the photo first without realising . check the location icon in the notification bar , and be sure it has stopped blinking before you take the photo .
i have not seen any setting to change the font size . however , you can pinch-in and pinch-out to zoom .
android devices are very similar to computers , they consist of a bios ( basic input output system ) , an os ( operating system ) and then applications and data . the bios would be stored in eeprom ( electrically erasable programmable read only memory ) , or rather a sub-type called flash memory . ( wikipedia ) when the bios loads the os then it is moved into ram memory . ram memory stores all currently running applications ( including the os ) . ( wikipedia ) the operating system software , and application software are stored in storage ; which is usually an internal sd card , or sd card like storage . ( wikipedia ) you can have additional storage , such as an external sd card . so you would have eeprom ( flash memory ) ram ( system memory ) sd card ( storage )
it looks like it is basically a null pointer error when angry birds tries to create a surface , which probably means that your device is simply incapable of doing the video rendering needed . i do not believe angry birds rio has a light version , unlike the regular game , so you are probably out of luck unless they release a version for less-capable devices . from http://www.rovio.com/index.php?page=angry-birds---frequently-asked-questions-faq : q : i have a problem with the angry birds . what should i do ? a : check rovio’s web-pages and browse this faq section for a solution . if you cannot find solutions for your problem or questions , please contact rovio’s customer support by email and provide as much information about your problem as possible : phone/device model and/or version , phone/device operating system version , angry bird game’s name and its version , a detailed problem description .
a couple of methods come to mind : you could take a picture of your phone with another camera . you could do a screen capture of you phone screen using built in functionality of the android operating system . the method of doing a screen capture is different depending on which version of operating system you have . on my phone , i press and hold the power + home buttons at the same time and a screenshot is capture and saved to my sd card . some older version of the android operating system did not have the screen capture functionality built in so depending on your version of the operating system , it may or may not be an option for you . i have written a few android apps before . i just checked the android api 's and it looks like i could write an app to retrieve the wallpaper image from your system memory and save it to a sd card if you have an sd card in your phone . the app would just read the image and would not change it . also , do you have an sd card that is working now ? i understand how frustrating it is to lose an important image and would like to help you get it back if i can .
no . although the keyboard can pair with multiple devices , it can only be connected to one at a time . you can not fix that with software that runs on the tablet .
not specifically with the volume buttons , but if you are open for alternatives , tasker might be able to help out . to fire the emergency task , the following triggers might be feasible : camera button long-search button gesture ( the phone has just been waved around in a particular way ) shake ( the device is being physically shaken ) if the device has no camera button , the long-search button being hard to find without vision , this might leave us with the " gesture " and " shake " triggers . to set that up , you can record your " emergency pattern " , e.g. " shake twice left-right , then twice up-down " . as task , tasker offers e.g. " send sms " ( send an sms without user interaction . ) so combining action and task , you had have your " emergency profile": as soon as the shake-pattern is recognized , the emergency sms would be sent .
tl ; dr : i was not aware of any such apps and so i have actually written an application that can do this for a university project ; the user holds the volume down button for x seconds ( default is 3 ) and a preconfigured emergency message is sent to their chosen contact ( s ) . there are a few problems with getting this functionality however ( see below ) . i have not made the app available anywhere but could put a version up on the play store over the next few days . will edit this when i do . the problem i found is that it does not work in all possible states the phone could be in , meaning your friend might be trying to use it but will forget to put it in a correct state if they are in a panic . here 's the results of the testing i did , a pass means the emergency sms was sent : one test wasn’t applicable because if the screen is off pressing the volume button will turn it back on giving us the first test state . for the state where the screen was on but phone was locked , the evidence gathering could be activated but only by pressing the volume button repeatedly for the required amount of time . the reason the activation doesn’t work as intended is because android only receives one button press when the volume button is held while the screen is locked and so only passes one press to the application . if the volume button is repeatedly pressed then the application is ‘tricked’ into thinking the button is being held constantly because the app checks if the button is being held once a second but the button only needs to have been held once in the last second for it to count . a positive point about the volume button method is that it uses almost no battery , there is not any monitoring or polling of the volume button 's state . if you were willing to consider other activation methods i also added the ability to tilt the phone and have it activate the emergency sms , i found this worked in a lot more states : i believe it would also be possible to get the tasker application to do this tilting activation but i do not own it and have not tried it .
does the in built-in backup service work ? yes . but maybe not how you expect/want . as you mentioned apps need to ' opt in ' to backup data and most apps do not actually use this . i am only aware of a couple that do . as far as i know , the backed up data is only actually restore to a device when the device is initially set up , not when you install an app from the play store that you have previously used ( i could be wrong on this though ) . google recently launched a way for games to sync progress between devices which more apps seem to be using and are publicising this more . helium and adb backup work differently in that they backup the data stored on the device and do not require opt in . helium uses the adb backup method so essentially they work the same way ( although it does not require a pc to perform the backup ) . titanium backup backs up the apk and the appropriate ' data ' folder ( not the folder on your sd card by default ) and again this does not require any opt in from the app developer . personally i use titanium backup as it was the only option when i first rooted my first phone . i have not used helium so can not say if it is better/worse . when i have used adb backup ( not via helium ) it took a long time to backup/restore but it does work quite well .
sugarsync is my photo syncing/cloud storage app of choice , and it provides such an option . once installed , go into the app 's settings and check the box labelled " external power only " to restrict the auto sync to only run when the device is plugged in .
google+ instant upload offers a setting to allow uploads only when the charger is connected . facebook 's instant photo upload does not offer such an option . the gallery is linked to your google account and thus to picasaweb . however , there is no option within the gallery app to restrict data transfer only when the charger is connected . carbonite recently started offering a mobile app , and that includes backing up photos and videos . it offers an option to use battery or not for when uploading . so google+ or carbonite mobile are your choices . ( at least from the photo auto-upload services i am aware of . )
recovery sd so i found a pretty good tutorial that shows you how to make a bootable cwm recovery . it was written for the nook color , but i will help you through it . source : http://androidforums.com/nookcolor-all-things-root/327798-guide-how-make-bootable-cwm-clockworkmod-twrp-bootable-sd-card-06-04-2013-a.html you need an sd card obviously , the guide says 1 gb is good enough . to be honest i am not even sure if you can buy a 1 gb sd card at a store anymore ( you can most defiantly get them online but do not waste your money ) . just go to the store and pick out the cheapest 4 or 8 gb sd card , they are pretty cheap these days . you can get them online if you want to save a couple bucks but i do not think it is worth the wait . download a bootable image file . this is what your android device is actually going to boot up onto . make sure you find one that matches your device . you need software to burn an image to an sd card . if you have mac osx or ubuntu you are in luck because those systems come with software to write images . if you are a windows user , you can just download some software . if you do not know how to do this , just check the tutorial , their instructions are pretty good . if you did all of the steps correctly , you should be able to plug the sd card into the device and it should boot from sd automatically . adb over wifi i am not sure if this will help you , but maybe it will if you could not get the recovery sd card working . you can use adb over wifi to talk to your android device . here is a guide to get you connected to adb over wifi : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1685736 from there you can push a custom rom to install over your current one ( which could restore your usb connectivity ) .
ok , i fixed it ! the problem was apparently the version of the flac files . the bad files had version 1.1.1 , the good ones had 1.2.1 . so i used foobar the convert the bad files to version 1.2.1 , replaced the bad files on the sd card and then their artist showed correctly !
since your device is pretty new there is almost no way it is actually the battery ( unless it is a defective battery ) . it is probably a rouge application . try turning off your device and turning it back on . you should try to reboot your device at least once a week , it will clean up any memory leaks and will help keep system applications from crashing . if restarting does not help , then let the battery die all of the way ; then , let the device charge all the way before turning it on . if you are still having problems then it is either a system app that is getting hung up on something and hogging cpu , or it is a defective battery . you can check how much battery each application is sucking up by going to : settings --> battery information --> battery use that is where it is on my phone at least , it should be in a similar location for you as well . in the case of a defective battery , as long as you have not tampered with the device at all , it is covered under your warranty with the manufacturer . just bring it back to your mobile carrier store and they should be able to handle it for you with no problems . edit : you can use a task killer to kill a rouge process on android . a rouge process could eat up battery especially if it is doing things like using wifi . i had this one development phone that i would charge , and then it would be in my pocket and it would start burning my leg because it would get so hot . it was a rouge system app that was constantly getting stuck in some sort of network loop whenever i was connected to wifi . i usually just restarted my phone , but i would on occasion just kill it with a task manager . here is ( in my opinion ) the best task killer on the market ( for free ) : memory booster - ram optimizer a restart about once a week will keep your phone functioning correctly . this will also clean up any possible memory leaks as well . you should not use a task killer to end an app that is not hogging cpu , android should take care of all of that stuff for you . friends do not let other friends use task killers .
a slide in a particular direction . or may be a slide in multiple directions ( say one slide to the right from the top left to top right , continued down from right top to right bottom ) . i do not know how effective it might be , but i guess worth a try .
pure calendar widget ( not free ) has an option for how many days ahead to show calendar/task entries for . there is an option for 2 days that would suit your needs perfectly . note that you will need a supported app to sync the tasks from google ( gtasks , astrid , etc . ) see the list of supported task apps here .
for my verizon htc thunderbolt , i opened the people application ( hopefully the same as contacts ) , opened the menu , clicked view ( an eye icon ) , then unselected everything but google . after that , when i click to add a new contact , google is automatically selected .
qrcopy is a free app that lets you share your clipboard between your pc and nearly any other device . it uses qr codes to transfer information , so it works on any device that has a qr code reader . the windows version includes a fast qr code reader that works using your webcam , and it has a mobile app that runs on most other devices . once you have some text in your clipboard you just press windows-v and it pops up in an onscreen qr code ready for you to scan using your mobile . to send text back to your pc you use it is qr code generator on your mobile to copy your text to a qr code , then on your pc you just press windows-c and it will fire up your webcam and use it to read the qr code on your mobile device . it only takes a second or two , and it works in any program . http://www.qrcopy.net [ disclaimer : i am a friend of the guy who created qrcopy . ]
google docs drive allows collaborative editing between phone app and webapp . updates typically propogate from one to the other within a few seconds , and just appear in the document on the updated device , with markup to show that it came from someone else . i use it for brainstorming sessions with my colleagues on the go , i like it better than sms/email because it is easier to see what they are talking about ( their text appears in the pertinent part of the document )
i use a standard text file synchronized through dropbox . works in both directions .
i wrote bash script that will do that ( for linux ) . it will require internet too . all you need to do is create a launcher for the script and put it on the panel . highlight the text you want to transfer and click on the launcher . a barcode will appear on the screen and you can scan that . link to script
check out my grabtext chrome app grabtext v 0.1 is a free chrome app to grab the text to your phone . scan the qr code and grab the text . an easy way to copy any text in webpages to your smartphone .
i use evernote to sync text between pc and phone .
try clipsync it is an app i have written that will update the clipboard on your pc once it has detected a change in the android clipboard over wifi . ( and vice versa . ) so you can do : ctr+c ( win ) -> long press - paste ( android ) . long press - copy ( android ) -> ctrl+v ( win ) .
mymobiler is another nice alternative . it streams your screen onto your computer ( kind of like remote desktop over usb ) . it also installs a keyboard which lets you type from your computer . it might need root .
you can try pushbullet app also . it is a very nice app .
chrome-to-phone
you can install the wifi keyboard app from android market . a good app , supports both usb and wifi input . you need to follow information carefully , to get work around .
you can use airdroid . it has a clipboard feature and works over wi-fi .
if your device is rooted now you may use titanium backup . it has freeze feature beside uninstall system apps ( freeze is similar with uninstall but it is reversable )
have you tried teamviewer ? you can use it to control all os .
unified remote has worked very well for me in the past . website android app
haha , but it is obvious they will not ! dude , what do you expect ? and yeah , if your google keep is eating your data packet , then stop using it as a clipboard , because every single time you open it , sync starts . i never found this issue with my keep . turn off google sync ; it is the best way !
well that would be a data leaking app as per april 8th . and i never saw that coming because i have a large amount of data package for myself but would go and check . this is a hell lot of data being used up by such a tiny app . i mean in my phone 200mb+ data is either used up by google play store or a browser app by which i downloaded files ( audio , video , images etc ) . otherwise i never saw such event . however , if you want to contact google about it . they would be waiting for the feedback and you can include this as the feedback message . but if you want them to get you some data package ( maybe i got confused and mis understood your point of view for contact ) then they will not do it .
if you go to : settings-call-call settings-call forwarding-voice call forwarding -- you will most likely see that for unanswered or unreachable calls it is not disabled because it forwards it to your voicemail , that is why it says conditional call forwarding is active . if you disable all options you will not get the message but then unanswered calls will not go to voicemail
someone may have blocked your calls : (
try nova launcher from the play store . you can import your old home screen pretty easily and it allows you to " infinite scroll " . press Menu on the home screen > press Nova Settings > press Desktop > check Infinite Scroll
currently xperia phones with newer erom , bootloaders can not be unlocked via the above mentioned test point method . got the information from http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=30675295postcount=108
in a way , the answer is yes . although , i would not consider any of the sites where you would get the rom from to be " official " . what you need to do is download odin3 ( or hemidal ) and use that tool to flash the stock rom on the device . doing so will most likely require you to completely wipe the device to factory state . i found a couple sites that do have the stock firmware , but i do not want to link to the rom directly for a couple reasons . one , i do not know the legality of linking to a the stock firmware and if the file is no longer valid in the future , i do not want this post to be " out of date " . if you google " flash i9000 odin stock " you will likely find a couple different sources that have the files needed to flash back stock . when i did this , the first site had the 2.3 xxjvu release for the i9000 , and the . pit file ( which is also required when going back to stock , and the drivers . it also is a tutorial on how to flash it .
tunesviewer is an application for linux or android that " [ allows ] access itunes-university media and podcasts . " ( from tunesviewer main page ) . you may want to check it out . there is an apk installer to run on android devices . it is also available from f-droid .
there is the google play for education program detailed here and here .
if you enter your pin incorrectly a number of times , the device should present you with a temporary time lock . if you continue to enter it incorrectly you should be prompted to login with the google account associated with your device to disable the lock .
do not restore the full backup taken , but restore only part of it . and do it " piece by piece " , so if the error re-occurs you at least know where it comes from and can skip the faulty part . edit : as i was not fully clear about where i pointed to : titanium backup is capable of restoring parts from nandroid as well as adb backups .
such an application does not exist . rooting an android device is a complex process that involves two major steps : bypass the securtiy and anti-rooting measures of the device , and install the su command and app . this first step is the major roadblock in rooting a device . to bypass the security that is put in place by both the android system and the device manufacturer to discourage rooting . the method for doing this varies wildly by the device in question , the version of android installed , and software such as a bootloader lock or " security " app installed by the device vendor or the carrier . this variety is why certain devices are yet to be rooted and why some must be wiped before rooting , etc . though software exists to root a handful of devices by the same manufacturer ( ex : wug 's nexus root toolkit which can root the extremely similar nexus s , galaxy nexus , nexus 4 , nexus 7 , and nexus 10 ) , this is only because the devices happen to use identical or extremely similar exploits to enable root . a single app cannot/need not be robust enough to handle every device by every manufacturer .
no . both versions of the nexus 7 use ips lcd displays , which are not vulnerable to burn-in or other detrimental effects from displaying a fixed graphic . burn-in in currently used display technologies is a problem limited to organic light emitting diode ( oled ) displays , such as those used on the samsung galaxy s3 and s4 . the electroluminescent compounds used to make these displays degrade as they are used ( resulting in reduced brightness over time ) , thus displaying a fixed graphic will result in some parts of the screen wearing at a different rate than other parts . compounding this issue is that different colours of oled degrade at different rates ( blue degrades fastest , followed by green , then red ) . here 's an example of what this looks like . the burned-in sections will be permanently darker than the rest of the screen .
what package were you using in odin to flash your phone ? i do not think flashing a new os in odin will help much with rooting . download towelroot on your phone , and root that way : towelroot . com download and install the apk . click the lamda , and then install supersu from the play store .
delete the saved network from the phone , then reboot both the phone and the router and try again . if that does not fix it you will need to test with another network to see if it is a phone issue or not .
if you can access the web interface of the router see if there are any error codes in a log or on the main page after you log in . most likely your radio is bad but the rest of the hardware is still good ( or at least ok : ) ) . this happened to me with an old router too and confused me for a good while before i found the error codes and searched their meaning . in my case it was time for a new router anyway so i just went and bought a new one - so i am not sure if there is anyway to fix it , if it is a bad radio .
i have the same problem with my friends netgear wifi router , but all other wifi networks so far work perfectly , so it could be a compatibility problem with the phone and router . to verify this , i would suggest the steps that matthew read and somehume already mentioned : try other networks and check other devices connected to the troublesome network .
service myscript /system/bin/logwrapper /system/bin/myscript.sh disabled oneshot  if you declare the service as disabled , it wont run unless you later explicitly start it . but do you really want to repartition the card every time you boot the system ? i would think you would want to partition it once , and then perhaps mount the partitions in the init script .
try rebooting the phone after re-inserting the sd card . some older launchers ( e . g . eclair stock ) simply do not refresh their app drawer when you re-insert the sd card , even though the apps are re-mounted . you can check that the apps are indeed back by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and seeing if the " missing " apps are listed there . if so , a reboot will fix it . alternatively , you can simply restart the launcher app by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications then scrolling down to " launcher " and tapping on it , and then tapping on the " force close " button . now if you press the home key , the launcher will restart and should have all the apps back .
have you tried turning it on and off again ? if it does not work , take it back to the shop .
if you do not want to use any 3rd-party apps , then you have to learn programming and make your own . in my opinion , the best way to do this is using automateit . its normal features include " set volume " actions and if you register an account , then you could download one pro codec , like the " multiple ( or ) " event that , could also be used when more than one app are opened . all types of volume can be changed when a certain event happens .
you should not be able to damage your hardware through software . it is obviously not impossible , there are things that control voltages and so on , but in general it is not even worth considering . the note and the sgs ii have different hardware and software ; there is no reason to believe that the difference in bars you see is anything other than normal . if your connection has a problem , you will notice when you try to use it . do not rely on the bars .
i think usb audio support was initially built into android 4.0 ics but there may be earlier implementations and not every hardware that supports usb otg and runs ics+ supports usb audio . the capability of an android device to handle usb audio mainly depends on the kernel running on your system and your hardware being able to handle usb devices ( usb host ) . custom kernel and roms can void this . i have been able to connect ( to my stock samsung galaxy note 2 ) : an alesis i/o4 usb soundcard from alesis ( 4in , 4out , phantom power ) a harman/kardon v1 usb speaker system and a shure x2u soundcard ( 1in , 2out , phantom power ) all playing stereo ( alesis could not be configured to play on all four channels ) and the soundcards also record ( alesis recording 4 tracks in sync ) in very nice quality . i used urecord ( mono/ stereo ) and usb audio recorder pro ( multitrack ) and i have been told that audio evolution is also able to record from a usb source .
first , gmail provides push email . . means , you get emails exactly when they arrive ( if you are connected with internet ) . second , gmail does not have dedicated sync module . it makes use of global google services framework and account sync module . you can turn off background data and Auto Sync from Accounts and Sync setting . when these are on , sync is carried randomly . . but it runs when you connect to internet or turn these settings on . to save battery , you can use toggle widgets ( like widgetsoid ) to turn those settings on/off manually . some provides way to force sync , too . to automate it , use tasker app . if your prime goal is to save battery , i would recommend you to use , juice defender . it takes care of all these effectively .
you need to check your sim ( subscriber identification module ) and if necessary get a new one from your service provider - if it is corrupted then you would not be allowed to sign on to the network . a factory reset only wipes the device itself , not the sim .
the problem is when you try to call anyone the error message says “not registered on network“ . i was fascinated this error in my samsung phone , so i was working on this issue and trying to solve this issue . how to fix not registered on network in samsung or android phones
it depends on the app in question . handcent sms / gosms have options for changing the led colour . as an aside , there is also the ability to configure per-recipient tones , vibrate modes , notification icons and of course led colours . if you are looking for an all-in-one app to manage led notifications for commonly used apps , give light flow a try . edit : also blink
if you have a us galaxy s3 , all led programs have issues with the colors ( handcent , gosms , etc ) except lightflow . if you select green , it will be blue , etc . lightflow works flawlessly . the problme i have with lightflow is the battery would drain faster with the app installed . i ran a test where i left the phone idle for 55 mins ( no screen on , no led flashing , no gps , txt , phone . . ) and battery drainage was 8-10% . i uninstalled the app , and did the same test and battery drainage was only 4% . for now ( until gosms supports led for the us s3 ) , i am just using the built in s3 led notification option ( under system settings ) . it works , you just can not change the colors .
yes you can ! check up this answer about talkatone here , it is based on google voice . the sound -quality is not the best but i like the idea that i actually need just a wifi to make cheap international calls . i have actually replaced my landline/mobile/local -phones vith google-voice because it is much more convenient to pay to it through credit card and much more convient than carrying a massive amount of prepaid/post-paid -cards when travelling-or-just-living-well-and-free-etc , highly recommended tool indeed ! talkatone in ipad is a killer , a bit like facetime but integrated to facebook and probaly to other services in the future . talkatone in android is similar , good integration so saving time in toning all contacts from google contacts , fb contacts , etc . if you are a buz , you can imagine how much time this will save -- you need less to worry about crazy international -phone charges and you can actually drop out mobile-phone -contracts altogether , just charge employers with google wallet/voice ! talkatone has poor sound -quality because it wants to sell its premium service but if ads and a bit poorer sound quality do not matter , it has worked for me , nicely ( have not tried the premium -service ) . a good/bad side is that your number is some oddity but extremely good side is that you do not need to know the prefix with internatinal calls in using google voice , super convenient ! -sim-card ? -yes you do not need a sim -card to make international calls , just wifi . phone does not require sim -card , dot . victory : )
i think the transfer is supposed to happen automagically , without you having to do anything ( or maybe you need to select some " please back up all my stuff " checkbox somewhere in the settings ) . in practice , though , i have never seen it work properly . to delete data , i am pretty sure there is a " factory reset " option in settings somewhere . on my 2.3 phone , it is under privacy/factory data reset .
yes if you have previously set your current tablet to back up your data and settings to google 's servers , then during the initial setup of your new tablet you should be given an option to restore your previous settings and data . the settings that you need to check on your current tablet are in settings -> privacy settings . see below for more info on this from the official android 3.0 ( aka honeycomb ) user 's guide : page 13 backing up and restoring your data you can back up your settings and other data with your google account , so if you ever replace your tablet , you can restore your data on the new one . if you choose to use this service , your data is backed up automatically . if you previously used the backup service with the google account you just used to sign in , you can also choose to restore your settings from your google account to your tablet now . important if you want to restore your settings , you must do that now during setup . you can’t restore data after setup is complete . many kinds of data are backed up , including : your android settings , such as your wi-fi networks and passwords , user dictionary , and so on many google application settings , such as your browser bookmarks the apps you download from android market some third-party apps also make use of the backup service , so if you reinstall one , its settings and data are restored . page 132 privacy settings you use the privacy settings to manage whether your settings and other data are backed up to google servers , using your google account . you also use these settings to erase all the data on your tablet by performing a factory data reset . back up my data check to back up some of your personal data to google servers , with your google account . if you replace your tablet , you can restore the data you’ve backed up , the first time you sign in with your google account . if you check this option , a wide variety of your personal data is backed up , including your wi-fi passwords , browser bookmarks , a list of the applications you’ve installed from market , the words you’ve added to the user dictionary used by the onscreen keyboard , and most of the settings that you configure with the settings application . some third-party applications may also take advantage of this feature , so you can restore your data if you reinstall an application . if you uncheck this option , you stop backing up your data to your account , and any existing backups are deleted from google servers . backup account displays the google account that your settings and other data are backed up with . this is the account you need to sign into on a new android tablet or other device , if you want to restore the settings from this tablet to that device . automatic restore check this option to restore settings and other data when you reinstall an application . this feature requires that you are backing up your data with your google account and that the application is using the backup service . to wipe your current tablet ( after you have ensured that it is been backed up , from the same privacy screen you should also see this option : factory data reset opens a dialog where you can erase all of your personal data from internal tablet storage , including information about your google account , any other accounts , your system and application settings , any downloaded applications , as well as your music , photos , videos , and other files . if you reset the tablet in this way , the next time you turn on your tablet you’re prompted to reenter the same kind of information as when you first started android .
i cannot post comments due to rep limitations . i am adding a link for what commonsware said . i will upvote you when i hit 15 rep commonsware . sideload wonder
the android compatibility definition document for 2.2 says that “device implementations must support the android developer tools provided in the android sdk . ” any device which is not “compatible with android” according to this document is not going to have the google services , including the android market .
this question seems to say that it is necessary to root an at and t phone ( like the samsung captivate ) in order to install apps from unofficial sources . that is not true . while you cannot download apps from the web , you can install apps through the development tools , or things based on the development tools ( like the sideloader wonder machine ) . my question is a bit more focused : if i am working on my own android app , will i be able to load it on my at and t phone for testing ( via the android sdk , etc . ) without first rooting the phone ? yes .
update : at and t has finally seen the light and allowed unknown sources on most of its devices ; you should get an update . if you want a real " developer phone " you can get the nexus s ( right now it is exclusive to best buy , so you will have to go there . make sure you get the at and t variant if you want hspa+ ) . i have only booted stock once on mine - and it was not the first boot .
on my galaxy s , the vibration settings are under Settings -&gt; Sound . the vibrate option has 4 choices ( always , never , only in silent mode , and only when not in silent mode ) and when the haptic feedback option is checked , vibration intensity can be set to 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , or 5 but i do not think that affects regular vibrations .
do not worry as the device is new you have warranty , do a factory reset and see .
my standard recommendation again here : tasker , the most complete automation solution available for android . tasker can react on different events and perform tasks when they occur . so you could setup two profiles : profile " startup": condition : device boot ( this is boot_completed ) ) task : write file ( with your information specified in the parameters ) profile " shutdown": condition : device shutdown task : write file ( with your information specified in the parameters ) for the text you can use variables like e.g. %DATE . only difficulty will be to determine whether the shutdown was caused by the user or a program -- no easy recipe here , especially not for un-rooted devices . this information might be extracted from the system logs somehow ; but starting with jellybean , this would require root permissions .
backup your data and factory reset your device . if problem is intact , its firmware issue . fixing it is not easier than flashing new rom . the best way to work around : disconnect mobile data by renaming apn . no need to factory reset or to flash new rom . you do not need to rename apn manually . install widgetsoid and use its mobile data toggle widget . in settings , make sure toggle method is apn renaming . done !
for non-rooted phones . up until 2.1 it is not possible . regular apps do not have the permission to perform full wipes or factory restores . i believe there are apps that erase your call/sms records and your contacts . starting with 2.2 , it seems google is granting limited root powers to apps that use device administration . it is supposedly a way for enterprises to policy their employee 's phones , and requires an extra confirmation by the owner . but i believe it could be used by anyone writing an app . in fact , the code for wiping seems so simple that i think you could write an open-source app yourself if you have some programming background . ; - ) for rooted phones . there are remote wipe apps , but i do not believe any of them is open source ( that i have heard of ) . remote wipe for root users is possibly the simplest one , and it is in the market , but i have never tried it myself . this app is no longer on the market .
one open-source remote security app is prey , although i do not think it does remote wipe .
kaspersky security does some remote locking and other things like location .
if the need for an open source app is purely down to your lack of trust in opaque , pre-compiled apps , then there are remote wipe apps that you do not need to keep permanently installed on your phone , but you can just push-install from the market when needed . this way you would only need to have the app installed on the phone for seconds before it is wiped . some options for that are in this previous question is there any way to erase personal information from my phone that has already been stolen ?
without question the security best app that also does remote wiping is cerberus . i reviewed cerberus and a bunch of other security apps some little while ago , and have not seen anything to change my opinion yet . short answer as to why cerberus is better : it is controllable both by sms and by a web dashboard , can be integrated into the kernel so that a reset does not wipe it , and has a boatload of well implemented features . well worth the $5 it costs . @nicolas-raoul asked me to post my thoughts about the open source app prey , so here they are my review : some redditors asked about prey as a phone security app . i just tried it out , and it’s missing most features i would consider important . the most vital was that while you can trigger it via a text message , i didn’t see any way to trigger a “report” from the website . in fact , you have to subscribe to the pro version at us$5 . oo/month in order to be able to request the geolocation whenever you want it as opposed to whenever the prey app runs at some unspecified interval , which pretty much kills the utility of the app as an anti-theft utility . the only features i could find were obtaining the current location ( but no real time tracking , and it doesn’t specify whether it gets the info from gps or by cell tower triangulation so it may not resolve very far ) , getting phone network info , triggering an audio alarm , triggering a message box alert , and locking the phone . while it’s great that it’s open source and that it supports so many mobile computing platforms and so might be good for protecting laptops or tablets , i wouldn’t recommend it as a phone anti-theft device .
no . what you are describing is something like the " hibernate " option you get on pcs . it would need support from the kernel and the userspace parts of android . since 4.2 , the boot process on android has been a lot faster on real devices , so typically it would be slower to boot from hibernation than to boot in the conventional way .
so , based on the comments above you do need a notification solution . the obvious one is just to turn off notifications for the email app , or to turn down the volume before you go to bed . you could also use an app like tasker to do the latter automatically based on profiles that you set . for example you can have it mute notifications when plugged in to charge : http://androidforums.com/1207528-post3.html
android 's does not have an integrated fm radio functionality ( api ) , if a device features fm support , it was added by the manufacturer . because of that there is no standard way to access it via 3rd party apps . you can try this app but your mileage may vary .
the spirit fm radio unlocked has slight support for recording . most of it is experimental however . there are no other tuned fm radio apps on the market , that run on all devices . the only way to get full fm recording facilities , is if your oem puts this feature into the stock fm radio app .
there are multiple solutions available : using an usb cable if you connect your device to your pc via an usb cable , it shares ( parts of ) its storage to the pc . with versions prior to android 4 . x your device usually identifies as usb storage ( like any external disk/usb-stick attached ) , never android versions might use mtp instead , which might require special drivers on your pc to be used . once connected , you can transfer files easily between pc and android device . using a card reader if your device features a slot for sd cards , you could simply remove the sd card from your device ( remember to unmount it first via the device 's setup menu ) , put it into a card reader , and attach it to the pc . it should then pop-up on your pc as " usb storage " as described above . wireless solutions ( browser-based ) there are a bunch of wireless solutions available -- and this is not the place to list them all . principially , you can install any ftp/web server , and configure it to offer the directories you wish to access . as this might be too complicated for many users , there are quite easy solutions . the probably most well-known is airdroid , which offers a nice interface to manage almost your entire device from your pc : as the example screenshot shows , a file browser is included -- and permits you to upload and download files to/from your device . a second example for an easy-to-use app would be wifi file transfer , which -- as the name suggests -- is specialized to transfer files via wifi : there are many more possibilities , just check the playstore . a good starting point are the playstore pages of the mentioned two examples , then lookup related apps . other wireless solutions there are many more wireless solutions available . as logos mentioned it in his comment , i will add some examples here for completeness : samba you can use apps like samba filesharing to turn your android device into a samba server . in short , samba ( or smb , or cifs ) is the protocol used by windows shares . linux also understands this protocol . using samba , one thus can access the android device 's file system ( without root , this will be restricted to the internal/external sd card ) like any samba-/windows share . webdav several apps like e.g. davdrive can share the android device 's storage via the webdav protocol . this works via http , but can also be accessed like a " shared drive " using the appropriate software on the pc . bluetooth do not forget that we also have this available -- at least on our android devices . but also keep in mind this is much slower than wifi . nevertheless , it can be facilitated using apps like bluetooth file transfer . ftp the file transfer protocol also is an option . there are several apps available turning an android device into an ftpserver . . . other solutions for completeness , let 's just name them in short : ssh server , web server , file synchronization tools ( like e.g. foldersync ) , and probably several other options i am currently unaware of . . .
i had a similar problem with us apps once . i was not using the same market enabler app though . i use this market enabler . in most cases , i can get apps just using that , but in some cases , i additionally need to use a proxy , such as proxydroid .
there appears to be a workaround with this app and the latest version of the market that may work for you : there is a trick . go to browser , look on google for " appname android market " , click on the google link and select " open with market " . however , paid apps still cannot be bought . but you can get the free apps ( some of them do not appear because they have an in-app payment system ) . there are alternate market enabler apps that might work , like this one : https://market.android.com/details?id=ch.racic.android.marketenabler it can be downloaded directly in case you can not get it through the market . if that does not work , you could try different versions of the android market , starting with the latest , like matthew read suggested . you could also try older versions of the market enabler app itself . you will have to google around for those . if none of that works , you could always contact the developer : https://plus.google.com/110853353138524936530
phone usage is a great app that can monitor usage and do all of the following ! ( description on app page ) monitor your phone call , text and network data usage . ★★★★★ " loads of similar apps on the market , but this one beats them hands down . " ★ set limits on daily , weekly and monthly usage . ★ alerts when you break your usage limits . ★ widgets for calls , texts and data . ★ see which apps are using the most data . ★ see who you call the most . ★ see usage per hour , day , week and month .
you might want to take a look at droidstats : ( screenshots from the playstore ) . it also offers you to define free numbers ( which you are not charged for ) , to exclude them from your calculation . as the screenshot 2 shows , you have widgets giving you a view at a glance without invoking the app itself . in fact , i only do so if i want to browse statistics : whom i called most , with whom i talked for the most time , and the like . as for notifications : the donation version at least allows you to place the widgets inside the notification bar . i think you got a warning when reaching your limits , but i am not sure as i rarely happen to do so ; )
based on this document : and this is basically how other push notification services work as well . . . the application requests a token for the device c2dm responds with the registration token for the specific device the application sends the token to your server on the web . your service can now communicate with c2dm ( after authenticating ) , and using the registered device tokens , c2dm will send the messages to the devices . on the c2dm side , the token is associated with a specific device . when you send a push notification through c2dm , the google servers send that info to the device . c2dm libraries on the device " listen for them " and pass them on to the intents as needed .
android provides system-wide intents for such type of app triggering . for c2dm , there is a whole class of intents looks like com . google . android . c2dm . * . to use these intents , you will need to add broadcast receivers in your app and register it with system . to make it really work , you will need remote push service too . your software on server must be capable of messaging to google 's c2dm server using http/https . now , whenever a push protocol based communication from c2dm server is established , android system triggers app based on intents registered at the time of app installation . . . update : more clearly , when your application push server pushes message to google 's c2dm server , google checks token attached with message . mind it , this token was generated by com . google . android . c2dm . intent . register if user had logged in with google account . so , using this token , google comes to know exact delivery location . then , google makes use of google services framework to push message in raw key-value pair format . . . polling or not ? no . it utilities same email push type technology in which connection between server and client is kept open . so , no need to run polling service . .
you will need root access on your devices ( well , at least on the old one ) in order to copy the apps off it . once rooted , you can use a number of 3rd-party " backup " apps to save a copy of the apps to your sd card , copy it to your pc , and then side-load them onto your new phone . the one i use is titanium backup . root your original device . look at sites like xda-developers or rootzwiki for help with that . in titanium backup use the backup/restore functionality to backup the apps you need to the sd card . on the new phone also install titanium backup app , enable side-loading ( menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Unknown sources ) , and use the restore functionality to restore the apps . if you do not feel like installing a 3rd-party backup app , this can be done manually , although it is a lot more involved ( installing android sdk , usb drivers , using command prompt to find package names and copy the apks from old phone and installing them on the new one . )
found the following on http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=793102page=3 it is working now . after setting up ics type in console emulator on your phone :
yes , totally normal . this is the ui 's way of telling you that you have reached the edge .
provided you have blue bars for your wireless and/or wifi connections and have logged into gtalk you should always be connected . you have to sign out of gtalk or lose connection with the google servers ( gray signal bars ) in order to be offline . short story : as long as you signed in and have a data connection you are online for gtalk . if that does not give you a warm fuzzy feeling then use a third party app like trillian and use it for gtalk . trillian might be able give you a notification icon .
you could always try the trick of sticking the phone in rice along with the things that tom pointed out . but in the end , since you can already see the damage , it might already be too late . seeing that you have a newer phone , you might still be under warranty , so i hate to say it but that probably will be your best bet if you want a completely fixed phone . water damage is the worst to phones !
it looks like your screen has been effected by the water and needs a new screen . you can also open it up and dry the screen and digitalizer carefully . maybe the screen and digitalizer are still wet on the inside . ifixit has said that it is " impossible " to repair it ( open it up and being able to close it again ) , so be warned . the other option is to turn your phone off and put it in the oven for a short few minutes . the heat will come into the phone and the water will dry up , but it is not guarenteed , since it looks like the screen has already been infected . it is best to let a technician do it is thing . take note that waterdamage is probably not a warranty thing , so that they are charging serious money . it is your choice to let it repair or not , because i do not think your phone will suddenly stop functioning . if it does , you can always let your phone being repaired later .
depending on your warranty , budget and how much time you have got to invest in the fix . . . under warranty : if your phone is under warranty , contact the store you bought it from and find out if water damage is covered . . . if it is , you are golden ! let them fix it for free . otherwise , read on . . . cheap , does not void warranty , but takes time : start with using a desiccant to try to dry-out the phone . this is the least invasive way to try to fix the problem as you do not have to take the phone apart , but as much water as it seems you have got in your phone . . . it could takes days to dry it out . if you have got rice around , then find some kind of container/tupperware that you can seal your phone in along with a bunch of rice . then leave it sealed ( important to seal it , so the rice is pulling the moisture from the phone and not the air ) like that for several days . the other option , if you want something a little stronger than rice is to stop by an art and craft store and buy some desiccant bags . do the same thing with sealing your phone in with the desiccant and leave for a couple of days and then check on it . cheap , but risky and could potentially void warranty : check the internet and sites like ifixit for directions on taking apart your phone . do so and carefully dab dry any pools of wetness you find and then leave all the pieces out in the open air to dry overnight . put it all back together the next day and the phone should be all better . . . and you will have had the experience of taking apart a phone ! safest , does not void warranty , but likely expensive : bring the phone to an authorized repair store and have them fix it . if the warranty does not cover it , it'll likely cost quite a bit but since it is done by an authorized repair shop , you will not lose warranty status in case something else happens .
yes , this is possible without apps . the icons on the lockscreen are the same ones that you chose for the home screen : here you see the icons i originally had on both screens : by changing the apps on my home screen adjacent to all apps , this change is mirrored on the lock screen : to change the icons adjacent to all apps on your home screen , long-press them until you can move them around then drop the old icons either into the trash can ( that appears when you long press ) or into a free space on another part of the home screen . you can then replace it with an icon of your choice .
there are various lock screen apps on the market , but so far the best i have seen is widgetlocker , very customizable and in my opinion worth the small price .
please try the following : android settings application manager all apps ( drag page to the left ) search your app and tap on it make shure , the box show notifications is unchecked problem solved ?
accept the update , it does not charge you unless you subscribe to the premium package . aside from that , you could decompile the apk and remove the push notification for updates .
i was able to remove ads from my sprint voice mail with out root . on the android device , go to voice mail > > menu > > settings > > uncheck display ads . hope this works for you .
from what i can tell , this issue has been resolved with gingerbread 2.3.5 . i no longer have the issue with my device running gingerbread 2.3.5 ( actually i think cm7 is based on 2.3.7 now ) . from what i am seeing in the reported issue is other people are saying the same thing about it being fixed . i am not sure if your device has an update available or not though .
this can happen when the contact is not one you originally typed into your phone , but it instead was synced using an app , such as from an exchange address list . in this case , you need to either create a copy of the contact on your phone , and edit the copy , or go to the source that the contact was synced from and edit it there .
after you enter the starting point and destination , the app gives you the possible routes . on that screen the best route has a start navigation option ; selecting this causes the app to crash . instead select the route you prefer and then hit the start arrow at the bottom right corner . works for me .
for a fix open settings> apps go the all tab , swipe left 2x 's scroll down to samsung keyboard and tap it tap on force close , then ok tap on clear cache tap on clear data , then ok problem should be fixed ! ! ! google search keywords galaxy rugby keyboard typing wrong letters
most of the time when a unpacked and modified rom gets repacked , it will become unusable/unstable because it failed to get resigned with the proper key . you need to have the zip package resigned from the original firmware key . that is why you are experiencing those hiccups . also if any of the apps depend on libs and/or resouces , you would need to make sure they are in place as well - prior to repacking and resigning for a decent write up take a look at this : http://androiddomain.weebly.com/build-your-own-rom.html . this will show one of the proper ways of repackaging a rom .
i am having this same problem on my htc thunderbolt . the way to fix it is to go into settings - applications and then stop the swype application . after you can set your keyboard to swype again and it will work . there is probably a bug in the newest version .
in motorola atrix 2 , when swype keyboards freezes , i simply keep pressing on the keyboard area , so a popup notice tells the aplication will force closure . that is a quick way to make the keyboard restart and work .
this may be a symptom of the swype application data becoming corrupted following a hardware upgrade . to resolve this , go into settings > manage applications > all > swype and clear the application data . then force the swype service to restart .
the android builtin wifi tethering is designed to use 192.168.43.1/24 as the server , with netd handling the tethering , using dnsmasq . first dns range is 192.168.42.1-254 and and 2nd dns range is 192.168.43.1-254 . netd is not easy to change . it requires a socket to communicate with it , and that socket is taken when android starts tethering . but going through the source files for tethering . java ( i used froyo ) we see : and later on we see those ranges used , as backups . the main source for the dhcp ranges is not the hardcoded 42 and 43 , but read from array . config_tether_dhcp_range , an internal string array . but it is currently empty . you could edit the android framework . on my phone , it is /system/framework/framework-res . apk . there are a ton of tutorials online for editing framework-res . apk , from simple strings to full theming . find one for your phone and android version . main thing you want to change is the /res/values/arrays . xml look for &lt;array name="config_tether_dhcp_range" /&gt; change to : compile/zip/sign as needed ( follow a tutorial ) , then reinstall . if you want more than one range , just copy the two items over and over . you always need to provide a start and a stop for each range . try to keep it in the same /24 , ie 192.168.50.5 and 192.168.50.99 or whatever . you can confirm it is working with busybox ps | grep dnsmasq or if you do not have busybox ps dnsmasq then use the pid in cat /proc/pid/cmdline . you should get ( or similar ) : /system/bin/dnsmasq --no-daemon --no-poll -no-resolv --dhcp-range=192.168.50.5,192.168.50.99,1h fwiw , my wifi tethering uses the default dnsmasq ranges , yet my computer was assigned 192.168.43.147/24 and gateway 192.168.43.1/24 . not sure why yours defaulted to a 42 . x address .
just dial *#9900# on the tablet and select option 2 “delete dumpstate/logcat” in the prompted menu . this is awesome !
i faced the same problem . i have tried almost all the solutions given in almost all the forums . bad news - none helped . there may be still be a valid/correct solution out there . however , good news is that there is a way to overcome this problem . maybe we can call it an ' indirect way ' as the problem remains but you can install new apps . install and run moborobo on your pc . connect phone to pc through moborobo , and install apps to phone through moborobo .
try " clean master ( cleaner ) " app , it might work for you . edit : i just realised that the question was asked a couple of months ago ! !
you can clean junk data from mobile : clear app data some apps store a lot of temporary files on the internal memory which can build up over time . apps like facebook , google maps and web browsers are particularly bad for this , due to the massive amounts of data they have to manage on a regular basis . clearing out these temporary files can free up a great deal of memory for your smartphone and can be done by following these simple steps : go to settings select ' applications ' select ' manage applications ' find the application you wish to clear and press on it press the options for both ' clear data ' and ' clear cache ' another simple way to free up storage space is by deleting all the log files in the device memory . just dial *#9900# on the tablet and select option 2 “delete dumpstate/logcat” in the prompted menu . hope it helps you ! !
try clearing the cache and data of the market application .
i think i found the problem . i turned option off that lets use 3rd party apps internet connection as was recommended on one blog on power plan optimization on android .
adb shell ls -l /data/data command will get you the file and directory listing you are looking for . specifically for angry birds space , try adb pull com.rovio.angrybirdsspace.ads/files/highscores.lua C:\abs_highscores.lua
you probably will not be able to access much of your internal storage via the web browser . the url you mentioned , file:///sdcard/ , consists of two parts : the protocol ( file:// ) , and the path ( /sdcard/ ) . so basically , you just have to change the path accordingly . you can check with a file manager what the path to the desired destination is .
one alternative is " multi-user app share " , which is available from the play store . you can share an installed app with other users . data from the app will not be shared . shared paid apps will most likely not be validated when used , provided your tablet has a network connection . you will need root to be able to do this .
kitkat does indeed allow having multiple accounts use the play store in a single profile . first , create a new " shared " google account . then add this account to each of the kids ' profiles on their tablets . when adding this account to the device profiles , do not sync any of the email , calendar and other google services for the account . from the goole play store home page , you can select which account you had like to use to purchase apps . to prevent unintended purchases , make sure to adjust the settings so that a password is required for every purchase . select the shared account and purchase an app . then , on a second device , select the same shared account and download apps that were purchased on the first device . while there a little extra initial setup , this has been a great solution for sharing paid apps between the kids ' devices .
you can always perform a speed test and check for packet loss ( speedtest .net, pingtest ) alternatively , you can try calling the skype voice testing service which should be in your contacts from before , and if it isnt there the username is echo123 i belive .
google play services provides a " backbone " of sorts not just for google apps but other apps as well . this is part of the way that google is letting users and apps get to more " modern " android features without having to wait for carriers to update their version of the os . i am guessing that the phone you are using did not come with google apps installed . see if you can install google play services directly . if so , you should be good to go . if not , you are probably out of luck .
i am assuming that you can not factory reset it via the os , so the best thing you can do is to boot into recovery mode . this is of course as long as you can see the options on the screen . so once in recovery mode , you can select the option to factory reset the entire phone , apart from your sd card that is . entering recovery mode restart your phone . when your phone 's notification led is pink , or any other colour , press the volume up or volume down button a couple of times . you should now be looking at the recovery mode screen . once you are in recovery mode , it should be pretty easy for you to navigate up or down , using the volume buttons . select a preferred option by pressing the power button . just look for the option to reset your phone . sources : www.theandroidsoul.com
the simple way to factory reset for unrooted phone is to perform a factory reset via pc companion . download pc companion and install open up pc companion and click on support zone ( do not connect your phone yet ) click on the phone software update it will says could not find phone because you havent connect it yet ! so , dont connect it and click on the repair phone like this picture . follow onscreen instruction .
first method : turn on bluetooth on your phones . use the bb to look for the samsung , then when u find it , pair it . then click on the samsung phone , and u should get the option to transfer contacts . not too sure about the other stuff . second method : try phone to phone transfer app . phone to phone transfer can be downloaded from the androidphonesoft website free of cost and its the same with itunes , then connect your blackberry and samsung s3 to computer , run the program then you will see all the itmes on the program , just start to copy , all of your data will be transfered to galaxy s3 , very easy , this artilce may help you : how to transfer contacts from blackberry to samsung galaxy s3
try to use astro or if possible ( i mean if you are rooted ) root explorer . in case " move " fails , then try " copy " first and after successful copy revert to the original location and delete the aforementioned file . you are done !
i would use x-plore file manager . it has a split-view and you can simply open the location you wish to copy from on one side , and the location you wish to copy to on the other side , and long-press and choose move from the menu . the move location will be the location you have open in the other pane by default .
yes , there is an api for that ( the class is android.net.TrafficStats ) . it was added with api level 8 ( android 2.2 ) . as you can see below , it offers both rx and tx bytes in total , only accounting mobile or per app ( added in api level 14 , note that with an equal uid count as one ) . this is an excerpt , see the link below for all methods . static long getmobilerxbytes ( ) static long getmobiletxbytes ( ) static long gettotalrxbytes ( ) static long gettotaltxbytes ( ) static long getuidrxbytes ( int uid ) static long getuidtxbytes ( int uid ) . . . api-source : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/net/trafficstats.html implementation for the " data usage " view : here final long foregroundBytes = entry.rxBytes + entry.txBytes;  ps : the carriers also count udp traffic that just leaves their end but never arrives , such as rtp streams where the phone loses the carrier but the whole video gets streamed anyway .
this is because your phone is not rooted . by default , only the application itself can access files in /data/data/com.whatever , so that casual users do not edit the files and break the app . to see these files , you need to root the device and use a file explorer tool that can use root ( this is usually called a " root explorer " app or feature ) .
this battery university article has a summary that states the following •a portable device should be turned off while charging . this allows the battery to reach the threshold voltage unhindered and reflects the correct saturation current responsible to terminate the charge . a parasitic load confuses the charger . •charge at a moderate temperature . do not charge below freezing . •lithium-ion does not need to be fully charged ; a partial charge is better . •chargers use different methods for “ready” indication . the light signal may not always indicate a full charge . •discontinue using charger and/or battery if the battery gets excessively warm . •before prolonged storage , apply some charge to bring the pack to about half charge . •over-discharged batteries can be “boosted” to life again . discard pack if the voltage does not rise to a normal level within a minute while on boost . i would also add that heat is the single worst enemy of any battery . keeping it cooler is always better . not cold , just cooler . any usage will cause heat , and do not worry about that , leaving it plugged in can generate a lot of heat at times .
this is probably because of the new encryption for paid apps in jelly bean . apks are stored in /data/app-asec instead of /data/app . the only solution is to first backup and restore the app with titanium backup in order to decrypt it and then move it to sd .
are you referring to autofocus ? an autofocus ( or af ) optical system uses a sensor , a control system and a motor to focus fully automatic or on a manually selected point or area .
by far the easiest way to do this is to use firefox as your web browser everywhere , and then use firefox 's built in sync functionality . this will ( optionally ) sync not just your bookmarks , but also your history , your saved passwords and your preferences , and let you see the recent tabs you have had open on different machines . start by installing firefox for android , then on your pc go into firefox 's options , click the sync tab and run through the wizard to set up sync and the encryption key . then open firefox on your android device and you should see a prominent option to set up sync that will involve copying a short authentication code between your phone and pc copies of firefox . after that it will start pulling all of the info down from your pc to your phone ( you may want to make sure you are on wifi for this first sync ) . for a clearer guide , with pictures , see this page on the mozilla support site how do i sync firefox between my desktop and mobile ?
what this means is that google decrypts as it streams so that if a file is cut off from streaming midway through , there is still a secure decrypted part remaining thus limiting the damage to the file if it is intercepted . this guy works for google so i think he know whats he saying ( gapps ) / websites used : http://www.quora.com/google-drive/what-does-settings-streaming-decryption-do-for-the-google-drive-android-app
goggle drive gives you some security options regarding your documents : you can choose to encrypt all offline documents ( that is , documents stored on your device ) ; and can also choose to decrypt documents incrementally as they are streamed to your phone , by selecting the Streaming Decryption , thus having just a small portion of the document decrypted when accessing it . kinda like watching a compressed video . sadly enough could not find any official documentation to support my answer on google , but here 's some relevant links : access and edit files with google drive google drive - view files offline in the google drive android app
there is luks manager which is available in the play store . it also requires your device to be rooted , however . it is also open source . i have not tried it myself however , so i can not comment on how well it works . the closes you can get without a rooted device is probably full disk encryption .
there are many available choices , depending on the features you need : cryptonite uses encfs and requires root luks also requires root and provides on-the-fly encryption ( aes by default ) to virtual folders eds provides encrypted containers and does not require root . it even is compatible to truecrypt . droidcrypt can encrypt single files or full directories . no root needed . encryption manager is a file manager providing file encryption support , and so is andisk filescrypter supports encrypted files and folders and many more . just check the examples , and take a look at the " also recommended " stuff on their market pages to find more .
i use foldermount ( needs root ) as a workaround to this issue . i create a link of the folder where the camera images are stored to a different folder in the external sd card . today some apps store big files over the internal sd card ( e . g . games , podcasts , offline rss content , pictures , videos , offline navigation software ) . typically users have a small internal sd card size ( ~16gb ) while the external sd is a lot bigger ( ~32-64gb ) . most of these apps users download from the play store save their application data in the internal sdcard by default and do not have an option to use the external sd card to store data so they starve your internal sd card memory . foldermount is the solution to this issue . this app has the ability to link folders in your internal sdcard to folders in your external sdcard thereby populating the internal sdcard folders with content that really exists in the external card . this helps us free space and have multiple games/apps with big data stored simultaneously without the need to uninstall . for nexus devices with no external sdcard , this application should help link folders to a usb flash drive for example .
try screen filter .
the clock app is setting flags on its own fullscreen window that override the system default screen brightness , but this only affects that app 's window . see the source for deskclock . java the flags used are documented on the android developer site , in particular : float brightness_override_off value for screenbrightness and buttonbrightness indicating that the screen or button backlight brightness should be set to the lowest value when this window is in front . so , the deskclock is not using anything special to dim the screen , but it can only affect its own window .
if you want to read books in low light , use foxit reader , it can dim the screen nearly as clock .
the files on the sd card are most likely there from the previous handset . android will not automatically move any files when it detects a new sd card .
are files that were heretofore stored on the xoom automatically moved to the sd card ? no , files that were already on your xoom 's storage are not moved anywhere unless you manually choose to move them . i note i also have a folder named /mnt/external1 ( sdcard ) directory . any idea what is what here ? the /sdcard directory is a portion of the xoom 's internal memory that is used as world-writeable storage . since the xoom uses mtp , it is not a physically separate partition like it might be on other devices , but it is treated differently than other portions of the internal storage ( for example , it is accessible over usb ) . /mnt/external1 is the physical microsd card that you inserted into the xoom . it exists and operates completely independently of the xoom 's internal storage ( i.e. . /sdcard ) . if you had any leftover files from your smartphone saved on your microsd card then they will should be in the /mnt/external1 directory . in other words , putting a microsd card in a xoom effectively gives it two separate external storage locations .
you have to install the boot image that is included in the cyanogenmod zip file an flash that in fastboot : connect your device with vol-up while plugging in the usb-cable fastboot devices  seeing your serial number means we know all is good . now type these commands : fastboot erase system -w fastboot erase boot  then copy the boot . img in the same folder as fastboot . exe and type fastboot flash boot boot.img fastboot reboot  now press the vol-down button to enter the recovery mode again and install your image
system application are odexed , which means the code part it extracted and kept separate and also some crucial parts of the application are kept in framework . jar . if you want to copy your freshly-compiled application to your phone , you have to deodex it first , which restores the missing parts and only then you may replace /system/settings . apk with your new file . and , please , make sure you delete old /system/settings . odex file , otherwise it will not work . as usually , it is recommended to save old settings . apk/odex files just in case when something goes wrong .
each app gets a storage directoy assigned in /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; 1 , so in your case that would be /data/data/com.soh . however , without root privileges , you cannot directly access that directory . a possible work-around ( for non-rooted devices ) would be to create an " adb backup " of the app ( see our adb tag-wiki for details ) , and then " disassemble " that 2 . you should then find databases ( sqlite ) as well as " shared_prefs " ( xml files ) with additional information . 1 see also : where in the file system are applications installed ? 2 see : how do you extract an app 's data from a full backup made through “adb backup” ? , is there a way to look inside and modify an adb backup created file ?
thanks @eldarerathis the link to the video helped me get rid of it . to get rid of it , i had to double tap the " halo " and move to the x area just as you would when getting rid of apps from the launcher .
power on the milestone : press the power button and x button and when a triangle appears , press volume up key and camera buttion .
technically , you do not need root if you have an unlocked bootloader . even if it is locked , you do not need root , you just need an exploit to change the recovery to install cm9/cm10 . usually , the first thing that people do when an exploit is identified is " root " the device but flashing a different recovery and flashing a different rom is also possible . root happens first because there are little or no modifications that have to be made except put the su binaries on the device . the galaxy devices , from my experience is actually pretty easy to " restore to stock " if you so choose . it does require a little research to find the stock rom files and the use of odin ( or hemidall ) . once you have the stock files that can be used with odin , it is rather simple to restore to " stock " with cm9 and later , you do not have to have root enabled . on top of that , you can change that when ever you want . you can also specify if you only want to allow apps to have root access , only adb , or both .
you are doing this on the web inside of gmail , right ? i did not see the groups included in the vcf file either . but they do seem to be included if you export it as a csv . is it possible that you can use the csv instead ?
odin is an internal samsung tool used for flashing firmware to their devices ( via download mode , bypassing recovery etc . ) . importantly , it also has the ability to repartition the device storage based on a . pit file , which can save you from softbricking ( when flashing goes wrong and recovery/the bootloader fail ) . it is not open source and to my knowledge they have not intentionally released it &mdash ; a few versions have been leaked . for what it is worth , i have used the version posted here without issue . heimdall , however , is open source and duplicates the functionality of odin . it claims to be more reliable as well , in addition to being cross-platform ( odin is windows-only ) . both tools appear to work best with galaxy s devices , so if you are using another device you probably want to ensure someone else has tried it and succeeded . another note is that they use . tar packages layed out differently than the normal update . zip format used by recovery and otas , so you need to get the proper package for it to work .
this is normal , because google search offers its own predictions/corrections . it is kind of silly , but that is how it works .
android does not have a distinction between " text fields " and " text areas " like html has . one control , called TextView ( or EditText , but they are both the same underlying control ) handles all text fields , whether they are editable or not , and whether they are one line or several . that is not to say that every text field behaves the same way . TextView gives the app the opportunity to set hints for the keyboard , to tell it what kind of text is being edited ( called the input type ) . one input type tells the keyboard that the text being entered is a search filter . the keyboard 's free to interpret these hints however it likes : in this case , google keyboard does not show any word completions/suggestions when the input type is a search filter . you can avoid this problem by using a different keyboard app which interprets the input type and other hints differently . for example , swiftkey shows word completions for search filters just like for normal text . ( i have just tested it on google search . ) swiftkey also supports gesture typing like the default keyboard . if you are interested , you can learn more about the different hints apps can give to the keyboard by playing with my app im prove . ( it is a free app with no ads , so all i get if you use it is a warm fuzzy feeling when you leave a good rating . ) with this app , you can set all the hints , and see what effect they have on your keyboard . you can compare different keyboards this way .
as aureljared already mentioned , proper configured mtk devices populate their recovery and boot partitions in /dev/recovery and /dev/bootimg . just dd from there .
this sounds like the old gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) had the option to set vibrate to one of three options , from within sms messaging app in settings : always only when silent never in the newer version of android 4 . x . ice cream sandwich and upwards , that was changed slightly , now the settings reflect as : enable , by tapping on notifications ( first , that is a pre-requisite as it will activate the options underneath it notification tone and notification vibration respectively ! ) then enable , by tapping on this notification vibration .
i have had this issue for a couple of months now with the whole mtp connection when i have not plugged it in . turns out i just needed to clean the usb port on my s2 . it had its little fit of unplugged/plugged in while i was cleaning and stopped once cleaned .
i had this problem recently and found out that i just have to clean my usb port .
i am also a user of samsung galaxy s2 . mine is rooted but all the indicators of your phone are pointing to a hardware problem . there is most probably a short-circuit like instantaneous electric jumps inside the motherboard . most of your problems can be answered rationally by uncontrolled electric jumps . for instance plugging the usb cable ( namely a power source ) directly starts the phone , indicating that there is a short circuit which transfers the usb power to the power button of the phone whereas they should be insulated . when you power-off the phone , it restarts . this may be explained with a short-circuit of the phone 's battery with the power button . so on and so forth . . .
i am experiencing the same exact issues here with an at and t galaxy s2 bought oct 26 at best buy . i did root and have tried various roms along with returning to bone stock with no help . i have called at and t for replacement but i have found 2 possible solutions in my research on the internet : i saw a random post somewhere about a user who tried cm7 ( cyanogen mod 7 ) rom and for whatever reason . it has rendered my phone very usable with none of the above issues for a few days now . for curiosity , i switched back to another rom i had used before , and the problems came back immediately . needless to say , i am not sure why cm7 did any good . i also came across a post suggesting to use a small paintbrush and rubbing alcohol to swab out the usb port area . several users reported success from this . i have not tried this yet but plan to .
do not touch the screen . instead , use the tab and the arrow keys on the bluetooth keyboard to navigate . this way , the pop-up keyboard will never come up . it is a challenge . there are a lot of shortcuts and tricks to learn , but it is more convenient once you get the hang of it . i guess the simplest answer would be to get a bluetooth mouse as well . use that to select things instead of touching the screen .
there is a way but not an easy way . you can use keyboards like null keyboard . a keyboard that does nothing . yes , really . this keyboard is useful if you have an external bluetooth keyboard paired with your phone and you want to stop the on-screen keyboard from popping up all the time . the problem is every time you change mode you have to change the input method .
the android browser 's capability and version is responsible for playing the video . there are couple of browsers which do not support the video codecs . you need to see the compatibility matrix and make sure you put correct format of the video on server . http://developer.android.com/guide/appendix/media-formats.html
you should be able to just tether and while your phone is connected to the wifi network that connection should be used . if this is not the case turning off the mobile data should force it to use the wifi connection
install kies ; it automatically installs all the required drivers . then , tether to your computer via wi-fi hotspot , bluetooth , or usb . i always use it like that with my s3 .
one way to achieve what you want would include the following steps : ( temporarily ) rooting the device converting the app in question into a system app ( e . g . using titanium backup ★ root , but there are also other apps helping you with this step ) unroot the device again as the app now resides in read-only space ( /system ) , the user cannot delete it without either rooting the device or flashing a rom -- which of course could be done , but it is a higher inhibition threshold at least .
izzy 's method works just fine , but if you do not want to temporarily root your device ( s ) , you could make an update script which copies your app to the root of the device , so that it is been recognised as a stock app . take a look at the following tutorial : http://www.londatiga.net/it/how-to-create-android-update-zip-package/
is the app developed by your organisation ? if you can control the source code of the app , you may prevent users accidentally uninstalling your app with the help of devicepolicymanager . the advantage is that you do not need to convert the app in every tablet to be an system app . once the app is installed from google play , it can not be uninstalled unless users disable the devicepolicymanager in security settings . if you can not change the app , then convertit to a system app . because there are many devices to handle , you should write a script to do the job . in both ways , if the users really want to uninstall your app , they can always find a way . so make sure your user do not hate your app .
while i do not have the nexus s , so can not say for sure , but my guess is that you have accidentally made internet calling the default action for dialing a number . go to settings> applications> manage applications and clear defaults on the internet calling application , not the dialer .
i had voice changer installed and the second i uninstalled that it worked . also go to settings -> call and go to the bottom and hit " only for internet calls " .
go to settings > > applications > > manage applications > > all > > dialer . under " launch by default " press the " clear defaults " button .
i have had the same problem . try this : go to settings ; call ; use internet calling ; and select the middle option : only for internet calls . i have not encountered the problem since i did this . good luck !
do you have an app called " voice changer " installed ? i have read that it can cause this . also if you have google voice installed , do you have it set to " never dial with google voice " ? if those are not the cause , do you have any other " phone linking " apps or " sip dialers " etc , remove them and see if your issue stops .
there is an application called 3d gallery . this application supports using picasa from the google account . after installing and launching it will ask you for permission to access picasa and then you will browse the online library as if its local with options to copy .
try removing and re-adding the account .
here 's what you have to do : go into the gallery long click on a photo , choose " share " and then choose " picasa " on the " upload photo " screen add a new album , then upload the photo ( it does not matter what album , you just need to add one to create a new folder in picasa . this is the trick to linking your phone and your picasa web albums ) . after it is done uploading ( check on the web to make sure it worked ) from the home screen hit the menu button and go to settings > accounts and sync > click on your gmail address that is associated with picasa . now you should see " sync picasa web albums " in the menu . if that does not work . try restarting after that process , and then if that still does not work . . . :o (
i have a t-mobile vibrant and when i was running the stock samsung 2.1 touchwiz i did not have this option to sync to picasa . but i am now running a 2.2 rom and i can sync it . i would say to try to log in to picasa via your pc first , and maybe upload a photo , create a gallery , things like that . then go back in to your device and see if you can sync it . you will go in to your google account in accounts and sync and it should have the option in there to sync . you do not have to add another account on the main accounts and sync screen . it will also work with google apps accounts , if they have been upgraded to the " full google account " by the apps administrator .
you need to install the gallery 3d app . it is not available on the market but here is a link for the apk which you will need to download to your sd card and install manually ( use astro , or similar ) . ( dmitriy already gave this answer but i had the link and was not sure you had seen my comment so i have added this as an answer too )
this issue is fixed as of gmail 2.3.5.2 .
from my experience , i think es 's default app associations are separate from the operating system 's . to clear es 's file associations ( assuming you are using the latest version ) , from es file explorer go to settings > cleanup setting > clear defaults . the next time you try to open a file es file explorer should now ask which application you want to open the file with .
you might want to take a look at the default app manager . from the app 's description : default app manager is a simple yet very functional app to manage ( set defaults , clear/reset defaults ) default applications for different types of actions that android does . unlike other applications that allow you to manage defaults for only one-two types of categories , this app allows to you to manage for almost all the common actions . the description sounds quite promising . but not having tried the app myself , i cannot give any guarantee it will solve your special issue ; )
my first thought is for manual sync . ical import/export can export your events . the second step would be to import those events to google ( in google calendar -> other calendars -> import calendar ) . not tried it myself , but you get the idea .
the android issue tracker can be found here .
the android issue tracker is located at http://b.android.com . you can report the issue there .
if you enable usb debugging in the developer options , the phone 's " usb connected ! " screen does not popup anymore : )
not a cyanogenmod user , but have you checked under Settings -&gt; About Phone -&gt; USB Settings , or Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; USB Settings ?
it is usually under settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging
if you want to disable all notifications that pop up when you connect your usb cable go to the " menu " then " notifications " then touch " usb connection " then change the settings to " charge only "
android os is now using gcm ( google cloud messaging ) for push notification ws . you can get better idea here ; it will give you an architectural overview about full push notification service with its life cycle . hope it will help .
yes , android keeps one active connection to google 's servers , but it does not use much power or data , because no traffic is sent along it until something sends a gcm message to an app on your phone . there is only one connection on the phone , used by all apps : installing a new app that uses gcm does not add any extra load . the first step in gcm is that a third-party server ( such as an email server ) sends a request to google 's gcm server . this server then sends the message to your device , through that open connection . the android system looks at the message to determine which app it is for , and starts that app . the app must have registered with android to use gcm , and it must have the relevant permission . when the app starts , it might create a notification straight away with the data from the message . gcm messages are very limited in size , so the app might instead open a normal connection to the third-party server to get more information ( for example , downloading the headers of new emails ) . the advantage of using push notifications is that apps do not have to run at regular intervals to check for new data , saving both power and data . the advantage of having a centralized mechanism like gcm is that the device only needs one open network connection and the android gcm system is the only thing that needs to keep running , rather than each app having to stay running in the background to keep its own network connection to its own server .
from the stock people or contacts app , find one of the contacts you want to merge . click the pencil icon to edit that contact . then from the overflow menu ( click the three dots in the top-right ) , choose join . then click on the duplicate you want to merge this contact with . you can click join again to merge further contacts with this one , or press the back button to go back to the list of contacts . this works the same way regardless of where the contacts come from , and the merging is stored in the phone 's contacts database , so it is available to third-party apps too .
stock recovery does not come with adb access . try a recent version of clockworkmod recovery for your device ( the older versions do not all have adb support ) you will need to flash the recovery on using fastboot ( see @mishap 's answer )
adb is not available in the bootloader , try using fastboot instead for a quick and dirty rundown of flashing your device with a new image using fastboot : adb reboot bootloader use fastboot devices to verify your device is visible , if not , you are probably running windows , and you have to install some funky drivers . if you do not see ' unlocked ' at the bottom of the screen , use the command fastboot oem unlock then just : fastboot flash boot boot.img fastboot flash system system.img fastboot flash userdata userdata.img fastboot flash recovery recovery.img if you feel super confident you could just : ps you should only use the flash commands if the referenced files are present , if not you may or may not brick your phone ( have not tried flashing a non-existent file to the device yet )
you might give google calendar sync a try . it is a tiny application which will run on your windows pc and synchronize your outlook calendar with googles calendar , so you will have all your appointments always on your mobile . works like a charm for me , and you will not nitice it is even running .
have you thought about doing this over the air , rather than using a desktop client for the sync ? if you use outlook , presumably your company uses exchange for it is mail servers ? if so , and if they allow exchange active sync , and/or have outlook web access enabled , then you could sync your phone 's mail and calendar directly with them over the air . the built-in mail client can be used to connect directly with exchange , or there are third party alternative exchange clients like touchdown , moxier or k-9 mail
root the device ( in this case the razr d3 ) install the application ( a game i.e. ) in the memory sd . unroot the device ( to have the last update of the s.o. , i do not have find how to unroot an razr d3 ) i do not have test this solution but maybe in a few weeks i will try it : ) links : http://youtu.be/3wzbb4w0-ds how to root d1 and d3 device . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ja8tknwtek how to use gl to sd ( root ) well , basicly the problem is that we will avoid the warranty of the mobile .
quadrant is not a very good benchmark , beacuse the results vary a lot . try running it four times in a row and you will be surprised . antutu benchmark is much more reliable . do not worry about benchmarks though , they do not tell the whole story on real performance of the device anyway .
once you have actually installed an application , open it up in the market and the " my review " section will appear -- you can give it a 1-5 star rating , and then submit comments . if you have not installed ( or have uninstalled the app ) s , you can only view comments ( or mark as spam ) . see also : market comment posting policy .
navigate to market , select menu > downloads and you will see the list of apps on your phone . notice the my rating section where you can star and comment on the app .
just to be clear : you cannot add a comment to an app until you have rated it ( out of 5 stars ) . you cannot rate an app until you have installed it . once you have installed and rated and app , then you can comment . ( even if you no longer have the app installed . )
assuming you are in the united states it is just a matter of days before you get your 2.2 update which comes with flash . i do not believe any other aftermarket player will decode flv files for you at this time .
you can install flash by these steps the first step is to download flash_for_21 . zip to your computer and extract the . apk file . now navigate to the market and install “apps installer” utility to your phone . now connect your android phone to the computer and copy . apk file to your sd card . make sure that it is in sd card root and not in a sub folder . after this launch “apps installer” on your phone and follow the on screen instructions to install flash_for_21 . apk file . after installation is complete , simply reboot your phone and there you go ! you now have flash 10.1 on your phone . get flash for 2.1
there is an alternative browser , skyfire , which purports to support at least some flash videos on android 2.1 . it should be available in the market .
if you have an enterprise device then it is likely disabled by your it department to prevent unknown users from accessing the data on the phone . if you need access then you will have to go to the policy administrator to get it unlocked .
the same problem is with my samsung galaxy tab having android gingerbread . i think it is disabled because of security issue . in case of my tablet i tried to change the kernel of my device but in between the process it was switched off accidently and now i can not enable it .
you may have to enable the developer option manually . for this you have to go settings -> about phone , then tap on the build number 7 times . hope that will help :- ) thanks
try connecting a different usb cable or may be restarting a device might help too .
different network providers may use different masts . the company of the second sim will have a stronger presence in your area than the company from the first sim . therefore , the ideal move would be to get yourself a sim from the same provider of the second sim . i hope this helps , nicholas
your phone probably is fixed in 3g mode or is in auto 3g/gsm mode . i suggest you to switch to gsm only mode . that way you will not face a network problem . go to settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks > network mode select gsm only from that menu . also try going to network operators from the mobile network menu and try selecting a network manually .
boot into odin mode , plug into laptop , get custom recovery and root via odin ( this does not wipe data ) then in the custom recovery do a nandroid backup then clear dalvik cache and try to boot . if this does not work then sorry you are gonna need to flash a custom rom or stock rom again
this is a known " bug " with android ( it is probably intended behavior ) . the language , locale , and related settings are all linked and cannot be changed independently . google apparently decided that people who read italian want to see numbers for dates . i do not believe this was changed in 2.3-gingerbread so i guess there is no fix yet : (
default ringtones are usually stored in /system/media/audio/ringtones . you might be able to access this location using a file manager . keep in mind that , residing on /system , this place is read-only at best without root-access : so while you should be able to copy from here , you cannot place any files into this directory . if you want to manually add ringtones to your device , rather create a similar directory on your sdcard ( /sdcard/media/audio , with sub-directories for ringtones , alarms , notifications , etc . ) . this location should be recognized automatically by the android system .
the ringtones are stored under the folder system &gt; media &gt; audio &gt; ringtones . you can view the folders using any file manager this one .
barsent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . weird name , i know right ! barsent is a simple and free app that lets you set a predefined number in the options and then any subsequent barcode scan results will be sent to that number instantly without any prompts . the barcode reader by zxing team is however required for this app . get it here ! click here to download the barsent apk ( not available on market ) alternate link or scan the code below from your phone to instantly download the apk remember to turn on " install from unknown sources " in your options ! btw , the app is made by me when i got some spare time and i thought while it may be too simple , it could be helpful to a few people . your question inspired me to make such an app ( lol i know im such a sucker for bounties ) ; anyway , it was fun getting this done in the mit is app-inventor the app is not well tested because i did not have much time . if you find bugs or want to request for a feature , maybe we can do it over the chat here on android stack exchange or via email preferably . comments are probably not the right way . a few things i would like to say its simple and will always be free if its slow or crashing , i might not be able to do much really since its made using appinventor , do tell if those things happen though . if you do not like this , you can modify or build your own or ask me for features . also , there could be potentially some apps in the market that does the same in a better way . i simply made this app for fun . i do not know if i can support app2sd or crunch the size of the app . . its just appinventor and i did not include any fancy media into this app . there are no obtrusive ads , background services or airpush junk permissions are exaggerated by the appinventor i guess do not hold me responsible for anything if you like this , you can upvote this , share it using the small and cute buttons to the left of this post . oh and after installing the app , i recommend scanning the barcode that is above in this post using the app . ; ) screen shots . . maybe later but the app 's really ugly in terms of looks . :d exclusively for the stack exchange community ! that is why i am posting here !
try <code> wget http://www.blah.com/files.apk </code> in the terminal emulator ( if you are using cyanogenmod , then you probably have busybox , which includes wget ) , you might need root to write to the internal memory , so if you do not have write permission in the current directory , then you might need to type su first .
can you turn on " install from unknown location " in the applications panel ? if so , i keep some apks in my dropbox folder .
you can also use adb to push the file onto your phone .
i do not think you can solve this issue . ( for what it is worth i have the same issue when my wife calls me from our home phone . it looks like i am calling myself . ) what is happening is the phone is comparing the phone number ( being called , incoming ) against the list of contacts and selecting the first one it finds . certainly it can not tell who is on the other line on an incoming call . it also does not keep track of which contact you came from when you are calling out . ( the likeliest explanation there is that the contact app is handing off just the phone number to the calling app , which then does a lookup with just the number to get the contact to display on the screen . ) as you say , this is not just an android issue . i also saw it with my palm centro .
this is because the phone number +123456789012 is the same as 03456789012 when called from the same country and is the same as 56789012 when called in the same area code , the phone has no way to know that +213456789012 is a different contact than +123456789012 if you store your contacts as 03456789012 . try adding country and area code for these contacts ? also , what happens if you dial the complete number when dialing out , i.e. dial +123456789012 instead of 03456789012 .
install a wakelock detector . wakelocks do not allow your phone to conserve battery life like it is intended to . the detector will tell you which apps to uninstall . something is probably pegging your phone processor or wifi .
it is definitely a valid concern and you should be wary of apps that can record keystrokes with " full internet " privileges . it is best to reach out to the developer of such keyboard app and ask them this question directly . i imagine such a permission would be required for something benign , like downloading language packs ( from within the keyboard app ) or showing ads , for example .
modern email clients are often able to detect the email server settings just from the username / password tuple . if you are suddenly asked for an protocol ( and possible outgoing/incoming mail server settings ) then you should look them up on your mail providers homepage . e.g. , a quick google search came up with this page for bell canada .
from what i can see in the video , the fluctuations are within about 1° in the first app , and 0.5° in the second . that is not exactly " random numbers in a wide range " . accuracy within 1° is acceptable for most intended use cases : mobile games , screen orientation , gestures , etc . it is quite possible that motorola decided to use a cheaper sensor since the phone itself is intended to be a very low-cost device . i would not say that it is defective . possibly subpar , but not defective .
i use either ftp ( fastftp on the nexus , cyberduck on the mac ) , or more often , dropbox , which is always running on my desktop , and dropsync pro on the nexus . then files just ' appear ' on the nexus , possibly after a manual sync if i want to use those files before the next dropsync autosync is due ( i keep it infrequent for battery life ) .
i was in the same boat as you for a while . i guess you could use ftp but i was looking for something more . i now use airdroid to transfer files over wi-fi . i have transferred files as big as 10gb and have no complaints . plus it saves messing around with the cable and drivers .
another option would be to use solid explorer pro . check out its " file sharing " option and create a ftp server with password protection . then create its widget on your home screen . now , in your pc > my computer . . . right click in an empty area > add a network location . . . now add that ftp address you created in your tab . this method is highly convenient for you but might give trouble on large file transfers ( due to mtp ) so better use it only with music or photo transfers .
mtp issues , related to drivers . also present on 2012 nexus 7 . i have learned that you are better off using a 3rd party software like wondershare mobile go or moborobo etc to transfer files . other stuff they can do is a bonus . try it , you will like it .
same problem with my nexus 7 ( 2013 ) lte model . i downgraded to jellybean to check if the problem is with the device , or software . turns out that i can copy pictures in jellybean with no error messages . upgraded to kitkat and i am seeing the message again . terrible !
i had the same problem , and it was being caused by the 360 security app . uninstalling that fixed the issue .
seems that what i was looking for was right in front of me . the option " reverse port forwarding " from the article was renamed to " port forwarding " .
starting in 4.0 ( actually 3.0 , but few devices used that ) , most android devices use the mtp ( media transfer protocol ) class rather than the mass storage class . this was done for various reasons , including the annoyances attendant to having to unmount the sd card from the android device to access it from the pc . samsung has embraced this new way rather fervently and does not allow mass storage at all under normal circumstances ( if you have root , you can force it on some devices . not sure if it works for a tab 2 ) . mtp mostly " just works " on windows since xp and on mac , though getting it working on linux can require a bit of effort if you do not use gnome . the arch linux wiki has a useful article on the ways and means of accessing mtp devices on linux .
yes , it will . the default alarm is built into android and uses the alarmManager to schedule when to sound the alarm . it will always go off , unless the device is powered off or in silent mode ( however some rom 's have separate volume controls for alarms and other volumes ) .
free solution : i have had success with a fraction of a drop of water or oil over the lens of the camera on my zte score . it causes bar codes close to the camera to be in focus , and they read reliably . enough to form a convex surface , but not so much that it drops off . the zte score has a smooth back ; i dip my finger in oil and , with the lens aimed up , touch the back of the phone where the lens to put a droplet of oil on it . then i can turn the phone face up ( lens down ) and i can scan bar codes . if the outer surface of your camera lens is not flat , this likely will not work , but it is worked with my zte score and should work with most low-end ( fixed focus ) phones . a clear convex on one side , flat and sticky on the other side piece of plastic would do the trick too ; i recall seeing stick-on rubber feet that would have served well , but have not seen ' em and have not tried that . i got tired of doing this every time i wanted to scan a barcode , and just ordered a macro lens .
( i will address your 2nd edit below . . . ) some cheap camera modules do not include an auto focus feature , i.e. they are fix-focus'ed to infinity . barcode scanners need a near focus though and cannot ( or hardly ) scan the resulting blurry images that result from infinity-focused fix-focus cameras . the only way around this would be to attach a macro lens specifically designed for smartphone cameras ( also works with fix focus ) . search for smartphone macro lens to see some samples . i already tried that once with an older ( also fix-focus ) sony-ericsson xperia x8 and it worked back then .
as i know , if you put set the distance between the phone and the bar code , far enough to there is no need for auto-focus , the phone should recognize it , but in some cases the bar code distance maybe far from the specific rectangle by the app , so will not be recognized , so in this case this situation will differ from phone to another , and btw i had this case in past , and never worked for me .
i have u8160 huawei phone 3mp no auto focus it works just fine and you must have the light coming from the side not from the back because the back light gets interrupted by the phone
it works in a very similar way to how one user 's apps are isolated from each other . whereas apps ' private data used to be stored in /data/data , now it is stored in <code> /data/users/ n </code> , where n is the id of the user profile . each user gets their own directory , and each app that user uses gets a directory within that . posix file system permissions protect the data directories , not only from other apps , but also from other users . because android uses the existing posix process , uid , and file system security mechanism , the same way it does for different apps , the implementation is already secure without needing anything special at the os level , or a more complicated ( and thus battery-hungry ) solution such as virtualization . virtualization would work poorly for this anyway : providing virtualized access to the network , bluetooth , nfc hardware , etc . such that all users could control it would add a lot of unnecessary complexity to the driver stacks . when both users run the same app ( such as the launcher ) , there are actually two instances of that app . they share one apk file , but they have two separate processes running under different posix user ids , and they each look in their own data directory . this way , nothing they might write to is shared between the two users , but read-only parts ( such as the app 's executable code from the apk file ) are shared , reducing ram and storage use . both instances might be running at once , and switching users just changes which one is the foreground app on the screen . nothing needs to be reloaded or restarted . this works the same way whether the app is a built-in one , or one installed by the user . there is an awkward side-effect of that : when one user upgrades an app , the upgrade affects all users , even if the new version needs more permissions . only apps with the interact_across_users permission are special . such apps get access to apis within the android framework to look at all the users ' data directories at once . the lock screen is an example of such an app : in one instance , it needs to be able to read each user 's settings and profile picture , in order to show the " switch users " gui .
try deleting ( forgetting ) the wireless connection first . sometimes security information ( wpa/wpa2 ) related to the connection is cached and is no longer relevant . when the security information does not match , the connection can be shaky . if this is a pervasive issue ( all wireless connections ) delete ( forget ) all wireless connections , and open the app in app manager and delete all cached data .
use the app management option to move programs to external storage . while apps can be installed on the sdcard , they still need space on the internal storage for actually running .
as no one is answering this question , i presume it is not possible . so i looked for another solution and found the business calender free edition . this program not only displays a very nice monthly calender , but , most important , let you choose which colour you want to use for each agenda you want to display . very impressive indeed . just thought i would let you know . . .
turn on allshare on the tv , on the nexus go to settings / display / cast screen . it will start searching for a display over the wifi network . if both tv and phone are on the same wifi , the tv will show up . select the tv from list , it will mirror the nexus screen .
short answer unfortunately , the answer is that you can not make it work . ( at least , not without modding your nexus 7 ) long answer as jeff says in his comment : i can confirm unlike some other android devices i have used standard volume control headphones that work with iphones and many other mobile devices , including android do not work on the nexus 7 . this is a hardware issue as far as i can tell according to the crossfade lp product page , the volume controls are only for apple devices : universal compatibility and microphone communication lp comes with 2 cables for universal compatibility with all modern mobile and audio devices . the 3-button remote microphone cable is designed for the latest apple devices , including iphone® , ipad® , ipod® , and macbook series . the long audio-only cable and 1/4" adapter is universally compatible with all audio devices and professional equipment . ( emphasis mine ) in order to understand how these headphone volume controls work , i asked about this over on electrical engineering stack exchange , and it appears that this relies on the switches presenting a fixed resistance between the ground and the microphone input . thus this technique requires ( at a minimum ) a 4 pole ( trrs ) jack , rather than a standard 3 pole ( trs ) jack as is used in the nexus 7 . note while that the asus nexus 7 spec suggests that it has a headset jack ( i.e. . headphone and microphone ) , google have confirmed to at least one person that this is incorrect , and the nexus 7 only has a headphone jack . as such , the volume controls are not intended to work with ordinary headphone sockets such as the one on the nexus 7 . i am not sure how you got it to work with windows xp/7 unless the headphone socket on your windows machine was also a headset jack and also supported this volume control technology ( or you are running them virtualised on a macbook , in which case os-x will be taking care of it for you ) .
jelly bean unfortunately , there is no setting that you can enable to show battery percentage on the system icons tray . without using an app , all you have is : battery indicator on the top right corner of your screen . access to the battery settings , level and usage details : go to : settings > device > battery app using the battery app by macropinch available from google play store , you are able to get the percentage on your status bar :
no , you can not update it from google play . it would be like buying your phone from carphone warehouse and then expecting phones4u to help you out with a problem just because they sell the same phone . or buying a music download in google play and expecting to be able to download it from itunes . you have paid samsung for the app , not google . if you uninstall it via the button in google play , the app will just uninstall in the usual way . you will be able to reinstall it from the samsung app store if you change your mind , but you still will not be able to download it from google play unless you buy it there . just wait a week or two to see if there is an update . apps uploaded to samsung 's app store have to be " certified " , just like apple 's , so there is often a delay before a new version will appear there .
you can not set the lock screen pin or password from the command-line or from an app . there are three reasons for this:- the logic behind setting a pin is quite complicated , because a security policy installed on the device might prevent the use of a pin ( and require a more secure locking method ) . setting the pin would therefore fail in some cases . for security reasons , you have to first input the old locking code ( whether that is a pin , a pattern , or a password ) before setting a new pin . this way , if someone gets hold of an unlocked device , they can only use it until the screen is locked , and they can not lock out the owner by changing the pin . if you could set the pin from the command-line or from an app , it would defeat this security mechanism . if you could set the pin from the command-line or an app , a malicious app with no permissions could lock the user out of the device by changing the pin and not telling the user the new pin .
i have looked around for the last day , and have wrote this after doing some research . first , find KEYCODE_POWER you can now send the following commnd : adb shell input keyevent 26 obviously , this will lock the screen only if it is unlocked at the time you are sending the command . unlocking the phone via adb keyevent 82 (menu list) the basic guidelines your requirements : a windows machine ( or a linux machine using wine to run android sdk ) your device and its cable android sdk unlocking device that is locked source this gives you a general , brief explanation on how to unlock and lock your phone using commands . you will possibly need the sdk , depending on your uses .
yes , you can lock the screen with adb commands , this was discussed here on so : stackexchange-url you send a key event to press the power button , which will lock the screen if the device is running . adb shell input keyevent 26 
to start , what security app are you using ? most likely , yes , you can use shell commands .
the only one i am aware of is that has is very reputable is called redlaser barcode scanner : http://redlaser.com/ here is the google play store link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ebay.redlaser
as already described in above comments , this would require taking a screenshot and saving it as an image file . havind done that , there are several barcode scanners available in the playstore supporting " loading " of barcodes from image files , as e.g. qr barcode scanner or mentioned google goggles . i do not know of any barcode scanner capable of " scanning your screen directly " . edit : qr droid seems to be capable of what you are looking for : scan qr codes from your camera , browser , sd card , or saved image
i am frequently using manatee works ' barcode scanners ' app towards such a purpose . here 's the google play store demonstration application link , recently updated : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.manateeworks.barcodescanners the app supports wide variety of 1d/2d codes , scans very fast and its free . the only downside is that the option to manipulate with the results are few , namely either copy or email , because its a mere demonstration .
based on this do you have some switch near volume button ? if yes , try changing it .
after months being annoyed by this , i rerommed the device and it was ok after that . so i can only suppose that something core had become corrupted .
this is a special case of android , since it is not exactly the same build that most people interact with and uses hardware that most android devices do not use ( ie . touchpads designed for laptops , ethernet cards , etc . ) . the only useful thing i could find is from android-x86 project 's supported list : touch pad works as a touchscreen . hard to use but not impossible you may be best served by contributing your findings/bugs to the project through the above linked list , and perhaps the project developers can offer something more definitively helpful .
while it may not be exactly what you are looking forward to , google voice has something like this . if a caller calls your google voice number , all the phone you have registered ring at once . so you pick up the call on your home phone , then decide you want to go out . google voice lets you press 4 , and it starts ringing the other phones again ( without the other caller hearing anything ) . all you do is pick up the cell phone , and your call is transferred seamlessly . i only post this in case someone is looking for this specific solution . otherwise , you will have to host your own pbx ( like asterisk ) and set it up yourself . android ( well , specifically the cell carrier ) does not have this option .
the feature you are looking for is known as call transfer . it is pretty common on office pbx and voip systems , but is virtually never seen with mobile phones . the existence of such a feature would require some intelligence in both the device and cooperation from the carrier 's equipment , both of which are generally absent . as far as i know , there is nothing in the android source code to support this feature . in short , no , it is not really possible .
i guess you could do this using the " conference call " trick on android ( natively ! ) . the screenshots below are for vanilla froyo ( android 2.2 ) and may vary with your version/dialer app . during your call ( do not hang up the call ) , after talking to that person , press the " menu " button on your android . press " add call " from the menu . dial and call the number you wish to " redirect " for him . ( on your charge ! ( which is what you asked for right ? ) means you will lose money for this call as if you are calling it ) now press menu button again when call connects . press on " merge call " . finally , press the menu button again and click on " mute " to make them think you have terminated your call . ( you mute yourself but you can hear the conversation between him and the " redirected " call ) remember , while doing these , you will be charged for 2 calls simultaneously !
sounds like a database got corrupted , but perhaps it is just cache . try clearing your cache via clockworkmod recovery if you have it or an app like this if you do not . running " fix permissions " in cwm or rom manager might also help if you are rooted . if that does not work take a look at your logcat and see if there are any errors that are more clear about what the problem is . otherwise i would probably opt for a factory reset ; unfortunately , i do not think it would be easy to track down what exactly was corrupted without more info .
you could set up a dynamic dns updater . this will allow you to access your android device using the same internet ip address no matter where you are . you will need an account with a dynamic dns provider [ 1 ] and an android ssh server that includes/supports a dns update tool [ 2 ] . you will then be assigned a fixed ip address by the dynamic dns provider , which you can use wherever you roam . network limitations ( technical or imposed ) may still prevent you from access your device in some circumstances . [ 1 ] for example , dns-o-matic . there are quite a few free providers . [ 2 ] ssh server by ice cold apps explicitly offers support for dynamic dns . nothing is mentioned on the sshdroid page , but you could query them .
quick answer : you do not need to ' root ' your android phone - both it and ssh are working correctly . how to solve problem : you need to better understand ' port forwarding ' and ' public ip addresses ' . the ' port-forwarding ' needs to occur where the public network ( 'internet' ) meets the private network ( wifi network with android device ) . this is usually a ' router ' , but could be a larger ' firewall ' . you need to find out and add this detail , if you want any further help . .
while port forwarding will work , i do not suggest it . it is tied to very firm constraints : abandon dhcp and use a static ip in every network you want to work set up port forwarding rules on every router set up dynamic dns for every network know in which network your android is better have your phone connect to the same virtual private network ( vpn ) and access it through this . or use gtalksms for an easier setup .
ip address conflict can be turned out , at first check that address conflict was or was not the problem . how to use arp-scan to see if two pieces of hardware were claiming the same ip address . for this , please have a look http://askubuntu.com/questions/30080/how-to-solve-connection-refused-errors-in-ssh-connection regarding your network , check /var/log/messages for ethernet link up/downs ( or wlan in case of wireless ) . if so try changing the cables . it is not a simple connectivity issue . the ethernet link does not change state ; server is reachable via ping ; ssh connects flawlessly occasionally , then seemingly randomly does not connect or existing ssh session drops . change adapter from dhcp to static . try ssh -v ip and check the output
i am a huge fan of tasker and join znewman in highly recommending it . if you are looking for nfc functionality , though , i have also become fond of nfc task launcher . it is not as fully-featured as tasker ( the only " context " is tapping an nfc tag and has fewer available tasks ) but accomplishes what it sets out to well . i do not think it'll do exactly what you are looking for but is worth checking out .
tasker is your best bet for this kind of thing . it will allow you to setup powerful profiles for the kinds of tasks that you are wanting and will allow you to run scripts as well . it should be noted that a change that came with android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) restricted the ability to manipulate the gps settings without root , so root would be required if you want that functionality . you can try tasker free for a week ( official site , play store ) .
yes ' there is but some apps crashes when they see that they are throttled . xprivacy module for xposed framework and also app settings . search and you will find threads at xda pages .
android already has this kind of sandboxing of apps . each app gets its own data directory ( and optionally another on the sd card ) , and only that app can read that directory . apps can not read other apps ' directories directly . when an app ( such as the gallery ) wants to make its content available to other apps , they can offer an interface for the other apps to use . in fact , there are two kinds of interfaces apps can offer . the first is via the intent mechanism . this is used when you get ( for example ) a " choose image from " dialog , with different apps to choose . the intent mechanism allows the app that owns the image to grant the calling app temporary access to only the image ( s ) you choose this way . the second mechanism is for the app to act as a content provider . the app then acts like a server , allowing other apps to browse and find content , and access it directly without your interaction . when an app acts this way , it is up to the app that owns the content to choose what security mechanism to use . the app might require that the calling app have a particular permission ( even a new permission specially created for this purpose ) . for example , access to contacts is provided this way . only the built-in contacts provider app has direct access to the contacts database . it also acts as a content provider , to allow other apps access , but only if they have the appropriate permission ( such as " read my contacts" ) . so , as you can see , the mechanism you describe - to sandbox apps , and to pass files from one app to another only through the user 's choice - already exists in android . it is way ahead of desktop operating systems in this respect . it is up to apps to use these mechanisms to control the content they own - and there is always going to be a trade-off between granularity of control ( using lots of permissions ) and making things easier for the user to understand ( using fewer permissions ) .
that is a stack of errors occuring to you . before i present you a possible solution , let me point out what your mistakes have been -- to avoid those in the future : never ever go to restore system data ( this includes sms , contacts , and other data from system apps ) from a nandroid backup of one rom to a different rom . this might work in some cases ( when those roms involved are very compatible ) , but most likely will bring you in trouble as it was in your case . apps store their data mostly in sqlite files , which contain databases -- and the structure of those databases very often differs . so you break those apps , which leads to different kind of trouble -- up to the point of boot-loops or incomplete boots , being stuck at the logo . this is also why liam is correct that a " data wipe " ( or " factory reset" ) would have solved the issue ( as it would remove those broken sqlite files , and the apps would re-create them emptily ) . if you really need to transfer data of system apps between different roms , the best way is to export this data before you flash ( contacts can be exported directly from the contacts app , and would then be stored as .vcf file on your sdcard ; for other things like sms there are apps available on the playstore ) , and import them afterwards . also , as you are rooted , you should consider buying the pro version of titanium backup for a complete backup ( in addition to your nandroid backup ) . titanium backup includes a " migration feature " which should work for those kind of data as well . never flash a kernel if you are not 100% sure it works for your combination of device and rom . if you break things here , you device will not be able to boot in normal or recovery mode , as you experienced . especially do no such thing if your device already has other trouble -- first solve that trouble before doing such " deep system changes " . now , you are 100% correct : as you are no longer able to boot into recovery mode , you need a helper tool " from outside " . for samsung devices , this tool is either odin ( which is what samsung itself provides ) , or heimdall , which is a cross-plattform alternative to odin which will also run on your ubuntu pc ( odin will not , as it imho is for windows only ) . use either of the two to flash any rom compatible to your device , so you get your recovery mode working again . once that is done , you might start over flashing clockworkmod recovery , then restoring your complete nandroid backup , exporting your data as described above , and finally switch to the rom you wanted to use .
if you had recovery , a simple data wipe would have fixed the boot loop issue . the issue you are describing sounds like a kernel/system issue . the only fix would be to try and flash a new kernel via download mode - you would have to find a program that could do this . if this is not possible ( it may not be ) , then you should consider your phone bricked , and you should take it to your nearest service center for repair ( do not tell them you rooted it , just say it would not turn on after you had turned it off ) .
what izzy said is correct . also , never give up ! i found that there is always something you can do to unbrick your captivate . the xda-developers wiki page is very useful in this regard . the sections about bricking and unbricking should be very useful . while it is very difficult to enumerate all possible ways of unbricking here , understanding the nature of the brick ( soft or hard ) and looking for alternative ways in the forums is always helpful . the techniques that i know of so far are : the 3-button method and its variations , as listed in the wiki page above . ( there are variations , just search for them in xda-developers ) using your pc and the usb cable . izzy 's answer is one such method . hardware solutions that involve cutting a usb cable or using resistors . when you have a hard brick , you may have to resort to these . good luck and do not stop searching ! there is always a way to unbrick your captivate .
the galaxy tab 10.1 can make 2g/3g calls and calls over wifi with voip apps like skype or tango . the nexus 7 can only make calls over wifi with voip apps as i already mentioned . there would be no easy way of getting the nexus 7 to make 2g/3g calls as it would require adding a radio to the tablet .
this has become more and more annoying for me as i installed more apps . i solved this problem by installing one of those " battery saver " apps that can schedule when the wifi goes up or down ( 3g battery saver pro ) . i configured it to connect to the network for a couple of minutes every half hour ( might change it to every hour to saver battery life ) and to leave the wifi on when i unlock the screen . tablet is now responsive again ! no more waiting for a minute or so to interact with it when i turn it on in the morning or when i come home from work ! yay !
if you have adb shell , you can try below command top -m 10  which displays top 10 applications which takes cpu .
first of all as you are aware of that the every application has its own unique pid ( process id ) this pid is assigned to the application by the kernel of the operating system . in android adt you can off course view the pid in the logcat . if you want to view the pid in your device then you need to install an application from the play store ( can not give any guarantee whether the pid displayed by the app is genuine or not ) coming to the modification part is a big no . no you cannot modify the pid as your wish as it will lead to security concerns as well as ambiguity between the apps for another app may have the same pid thereby resulting to conflict .
to answer your question , there is no downside if you reboot your phone on a regular basis . off topic : android os should not require a reboot , or it should not slow down your phone that much that you feel to reboot it . there may be a problem with an app or something , but that is for another topic .
check task manager to see if any unnecessary resource hungry application is running in the background . i use clean master to keep the machine out of junk . these make my device somewhat faster .
this may vary by os version or modifications your manufacturer may have made , but the setting you are looking for is : Settings | Security | Unknown sources  you will want that to be unchecked to prevent apps from being installed from unofficial sources ( read : the google play store ) . ( if that is not what you are looking for , please edit your question to make it more clear what you are asking . )
the primary technique to reject applications other than from play store to install is in the settings for security . make sure the setting " unknown sources " is unchecked . this setting normally allows 3rd party installation to occur .
i think the most interesting is you apn and operator . it could be that only http traffic is allowed ( port 80 and 443 for https ) or some similar limitation . check you operators support page for details .
in my country there is one operator with whom we have same behavior . they have given us two different apn . with first only the browser works , exactly like you have said . with second everything works . if your operator has different apn for using mobile internet in computer , try that apn . this works with one of the operator in my country but not sure if this will help you .
you need to reprogram the phone . dial ##786# on the dial pad and then hit view . you may need your msl to be able to change the phone number .
in previous versions of android ( mine is 2.3.7 ) you can set this setting in the additional call settings . in android 4.0 the additional call settings screen is located here : open the phone app -> [ menu ] -> settings -> additional settings . i have not verified this on a physical device yet .
have you tried just a factory reset ? sounds like you got a new phone , right ? any opposition to just wiping and starting fresh ? i would think that would do it .
you can edit and display your phone number in the phone status by following some simple steps on this page . http://www.thepageword.com/2013/03/display-own-phone-number-in-your.html
i am a huge fan of isyncr . it syncs to itunes , so if you are coming from an iphone you can use the playlists you already created . what sealed the deal for me was the fact that isyncr syncs play counts and ratings back to itunes . not to mention the fact that you can sync over wi-fi or sync via usb cable . edit : i see you are asking about syncing without itunes , but if all your music is already there isyncr will work .
google music -your can upload your music files from your computer to google music cloud storage . then the uploaded music is automatically available in your android device and also you can listen to those music in web interface . you can upload up to 20,000 songs . the problem is that your have to use google music player in your android phone and the uploaded music will not be available if you use other players . and also this service is not available in all countries as of now . media monkey music player . it recognizes almost any android devices . you can configure it to automatically sync media files from computer to phone whenever you connect your phone through usb cable . i use it for syncing my music to galaxy nexus with android 4.2.1 . i tried multiple players including windows media player but this one seems to working well .
i would try out google music . it will be the most native with your device , and gets relatively close to syncing , in theory . the first thing you will have to do is go to the google music homepage and download the music manager tool . once downloaded , you tell the music manager where your music is on your computer , and it uploads it all to the cloud ! this music becomes visible as soon as you log into play music on your phone with the gmail account that you used to set up google music on your computer . then whatever music is placed on your computer in your music folders is accessible at music . google . com and on all of your android devices . the difference is , your music does not actually sync to your phone , but is streamed when you choose it on your mobile device . this can be slightly modified by selecting an album or such on your device , clicking the little expansion arrow ( usually at the bottom right of the item ) , and choosing the Offline music option ( it has a picture of a pin next to it ) . your phone will then download this music so it does not have to be streamed to play later . you would have to do this with all of the music you do not wish to stream , but if you have a decent internet connection , streaming is very much a viable option . and saves tons of space on your phone ! hope this helps !
if you want to use google music you will need to upload your itunes m4p music to google music . however , google music only supports . mp3 , . m4a , . wma , . flac and . ogg files . and drm-ed m4p music is not supported . in order to upload m4p to google music , you need do a conversion first . since itunes m4p music are protected by apple 's drm , you cannot use a common audio converter to convert m4p to google music supported mp3 . what you need is an all-in-one drm converter that can both remove drm protection from m4p and convert m4p to mp3 for google music . aimersoft is taken as the best choice to help you transfer itunes m4p to google music . with it , you can legally strip drm protection from m4p files and convert it to mp3 . in addition , it can convert audio files that are not supported by google music like . wav and . aiff . now download it and follow the steps below to convert itunes music for google music . http://www.aimersoft.com/drm-media-converter.html how to convert m4p to google music supported mp3 add m4p files after downloading the drm converter , install and launch it . the main interface is as below . you can either click the " add . . . " button to add m4p music files of directly drag the files to the main interface . as you can see , you can also add video files to convert . specify mp3 as the output format then you can click " audio files to " and select " mp3" as the output format . note that google music prefer mp3 with 320kbps bitrate . here you can click " settings " and choose the bitrate as 320kbps . start converting m4p to google music mp3 when all the settings are ok , click the " start " button on the main interface to start the conversion . when the conversion finishes , you can tap " find target " to access to the converted drm-free mp3 files . then you can upload them to google music as you like . apart from that : why not utilize what you already have - especially if that itunes list is big . here are 2 alternatives : tunesync™ allows you to sync your itunes playlist and songs with your android™ device . it copies the unprotected music to your sd card and creates playlists that match your itunes playlists . tunesync™ does this all over your wifi connection . there is no need to connect your android™ device to your pc or apple mac . see its home page for tutorial setup http://tunesync.com/ google play store link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.highwindsoftware.tunesync i think a better alternative to what you might consider is to use winamp ( for mac ) : winamp ( for mac ) can take any existing itunes playlist ( which is what you already have ) and sync it directly to an android device without jumping through any other hoops . features : wireless and wired sync with an android phone , requires winamp for android one-click music and playlist import from itunes and mac desktop keep winamp updated automatically with watch folders and itunes library sync play local files , create playlists , and manage playback with a play queue window instructions download and install winamp ( link depending on pc or mac ) http://www.winamp.com/ http://www.winamp.com/mac launch winamp and you will be prompted to add media to winamp library . select " import from itunes " . this will import all of your music in your itunes library into the winamp media library . click " library-> import itunes media library " in the bottom left-hand corner of the player . sync the playlist to your android phone connected to mac or pc previously . other than serving as an easy way to sync itunes to android , it also makes for a decent desktop music player .
on jelly bean , the preferred activities are stored in the xml file /data/system/users/0/package-restrictions.xml for the primary user . other users have their user id in place of 0 in that path . if encrypted file system is enabled , it starts with /data/secure/system instead of /data/system . other than through the PackageManager service , this file can only be accessed by root . you can see the code that reads and writes the file ( and thus infer the format ) in the class com.android.server.pm.Settings .
if i had an image file in my sdcard , i would open it via quickpic because that is my default gallery viewer . if i wanted to switch my default gallery viewer , i would go to settings -> apps -> quickpic -> " clear data " and then i would be able select how to open an image file again . therefore , android seems to store the default application data within the program 's data files that is being used .
you will need to install a custom theme using the t-mobile theme chooser ( it comes built into cyanogenmod ) . there is no way to do this in stock without modding your rom .
i do not know why it happened , but a good way to prevent it from happening again is to set your contacts to sync with your google account . this way whenever you add a new contact , it will be uploaded , and if the phone loses your contacts again , you probably will not even notice it , as they will be automatically downloaded back to your phone .
i am not sure what phone you have so it is hard to know if there are any other ways around . however , there is a topic on xda stating that this is not a recommended approach at installing the browser . the suggestion is to just install a custom rom . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1214437
as the iphone system sounds are the property of apple , i cannot help you find them . if you do , however , place ringtones on your sd card under /ringtones and other sounds like new mail notification under /notifications . go back into preferences and you should now be able to select these sounds .
zedge is a pretty sweet ringtones/wallpaper app which i am sure includes said ringtones .
yes . locking the bootloader is possible after you have installed a custom firmware . a locked bootloader will not allow you to ad-hoc boot custom binaries ( using fastboot boot boot . img and will not allow you to directly write to the flash chips . an unlocked bootloader however does offer you this and newly available commands are : fastboot flash partition image fastboot boot kernel-image so , if it is locked you will only be able to either boot the normal or the recovery system which themselves need to enforce the chain of trust and ensure security . current custom recovery images will not enforce any security , so you will have to install a safe stock recovery after you have installed your custom firmware . regarding the stock recovery , this will not allow you to install any upcoming custom builds , only stock firmware ( that is digitally signed by google ) will install . so , to have a working chain of trust with no holes in it , you will need to first unlock the bootloader , then install a custom recovery , install a custom firmware ( etc . ) , then re-install the stock recovery ( extract it from google 's stock image ) , then re-lock the bootloader . the procedure to upgrade to newer firmware builds will be a bit tricky at the moment : i think there exist user-land tools to unlock the bootloader from a regular ( rooted ) custom firmware ( like cyanogenmod ) without the penalty of a full wipe . this way you can unlock the bootloader without a wipe , then ( temporarily ) boot a custom recovery ( via fastboot boot cwm-recovery . img ) , do an adb sideload update . zip and finally relock the bootloader using fastboot oem lock again . one note : i think i have read somewhere that the nexus 4 does not to a full wipe with subsequent unlocks after it has been unlocked/relocked once . i am not sure about this , you will need to test this once .
one way is to use another app to manage your dropbox that enables this functionality . i use astro file manager to generally manage the files on my device and this can also link directly to your dropbox , google drive , skydrive , etc . astro gives you the additional option to " open as " , from which you can choose text , audio , image or video . select " text " and you get the usual list of apps that can open text files , including the db text editor . update : unfortunately there appears to be a limit to how many files astro fm is able to retrieve from a dropbox folder . somewhere between 1,000 and 1,100 files i get a " connection failed - could not establish a connection to dropbox " message when trying to browse the folder . 1,000 files ( exactly ) seems to be ok . there is no such limit with ordinary folders on the device .
currently the official dropbox app can open a file which has no extension with external editor . ( i prefer vimtouch )
primary reasons for the no swap recommendations are the basic uselessness of swap for most devices , performance reasons , and device longevity . as liam mentions , modern devices have no shortage of ram ( even my old underpowered wildfire s has as much ram as my previous desktop . ) and that ram is managed fairly well by the modern android system , making a swap largely pointless . also , even though flash is far better than platters of spinning rust , it is still orders of magnitude slower than ram is , hence for performance reasons , you do not want to tier down to flash if you can at all avoid it . furthermore , flash memory has a limit on how many times you can erase and rewrite it . while this cycle limit is typically in the thousands or tens of thousands , which combined with modern wear leveling systems , means you are unlikely to hit the limit within the useful lifespan of the device , but if you are using it as swap , with loads and loads of itty-bity writes , you will chew through those cycles needlessly and might actually bump against those limits in time .
the use of a swap file it so save memory ( ram ) to storage ( hard drive/sd card ) . the recommendation of 0mb for the file size is because it is not usually needed . android takes care of memory management in a different fashion than swap files . background : a swap file is traditionally used to store what is typically in memory onto storage when memory is low . this allows it to be switched back into memory when needed . to quote from zero credibility blog android , while a fairly typical ( but trim ) linux under the covers , has it’s own mechanism for handling low memory conditions . it terminates the application , but first gives it an opportunity to persist it’s state ( via a series of callbacks ) . for example , a map application might persist a latitude and longitude before it is terminated . when you access the application again , the location is passed back so it appears that the app was running all along . in actuality the app was restarted completely . ( emphasis mine ) the above describes how i have seen applications appear to persist after switching from task to task . there is no need to save the contents of memory to storage , because android will just save the app 's current data and terminate the app .
swap is basically virtual ram used by the linux kernel . swap in android was used when devices had very limited ram ( i used it with my lg optimus gt540 ) , to increase the amount of ram available to the android os . android kills apps when it run 's out of memory - and is very good at doing this efficiently , however on devices with low ram people may have seen their home screen apps being killed , and therefore have to wait a while to get to their home screens . swap can be mounted via either a partition or a file - mainly on an external ( or internal ) storage device . swap is normally activated via the so-called init scripts in the /etc/init.d folder of the device to mount/enable swap on device boot . linux desktops use a partition for swap , and the user is asked to create this during the install process . a file is normally stored on the sd card or storage medium . the swap file on android is normally mounted ( and created ) by an app ( e . g . swapper for root users ) . most newer devices will not see any benefit of using swap - as they normally have as much ram as a desktop computer ( my sgs2 has 1gb ! ) , and therefore would not benefit from having more virtual ram . unfortunately , using swap can come at a price - even on low ram devices , as the os has to spend time writing to the sd card , which would normally have slow read/write speeds . as such , it is not used much at all nowadays , unless a device has an obscenely small amount of ram . as well as this , using swap can have a negative effect on the life of your memory device , and should be used with caution . if anyone reading must use swap ( and i would advise against it ) , then use a file with an app , as it varies the swap file location to maximise sd card life .
as the other answers already cover most of the facts , just a small addition : i already edited the app swapper for root users into liam 's answer as an example . and compro01 's answer already mentioned the danger of wearing out the flash memory of your sdcard . now let 's bring both together : when using the swapper app to handle your swap , it recommends to not use a swap partition but a swap file , for exact this reasons . that swap file then is placed on a different location of the flash memory each time swap gets activated , which avoids to always write/delete the same blocks and thus saves some more lifespan for your flash memory . so comparing both : swap partition : faster , but wears out flash memory faster , too . swap file : a little slower , but does not wear out flash memory that fast keeping this in mind it gets clear why a ) 0m ( i.e. . no swap partition ) is recommended , and b ) a swap partition is offered at all ( for those who do not care buying new cards , but want the extra little speed ) .
as you have come to realize , official updates ( ota or manual ) will most likely patch previous exploits to obtain root and you will most likely lose root during the process of updating . it is recommend to not allow updates if you wish to keep root . certain mods , such as cyanogenmod , will automatically block ota updates to keep this from being a problem .
you do not need and app to do this . this is the basic " call waiting " feature . go to : settings -> call settings -> additional settings -> enable call waiting
no , you cannot use a microphone on the mobile version of flash player . from the action script reference documents : runtime microphone support the microphone class is not supported in flash player running in a mobile browser .
depending on the phone , my biggest worry would be screen burn . i have a samsung galaxy s vibrant and i have screen burn at the top of my screen from the time and the notification bar . a screen like a super amoled is actually a lot easier to get screen burn then i thought it would be . it is actually pretty annoying now , i have to limit the background images i use , otherwise the burn is really noticeable .
i am using samsung galaxy 3 with android 2.1 update mms works in this .
if you are having problems sending mms , perhaps its not the os or the hardware , but a setting or you provider ? i was having issues sending texts on my captivate ( galaxy s ) , turned out at and t had not turned messaging on for my plan , and i had to enter a message center number ( messaging app -> menu -> settings -> message center ) to get it to work .
if it is " bricked " you may still be able to run the manufacturer flash utility to start over . it seems very odd that is would be bricked by installing an android app , though . can you run adb uninstall id.of.app when it boots up ?
to do the hard reset here is the step : > set the volume into its maximum level > hold the power button for about 40 50 seconds > wait until the pop-up window appears > the release > control up the volume to select factory reset > then continue the process until you finished
since this is getting inactive for so long and no one seems to know the solution . then i guess i will bring my phone to where i bought it and face the consequences of my actions haha ! if they can not fix it , then no one can . lol cheers , guise !
google ( play ) music is a separate and quite different app from the stock music app that comes pre-loaded on most android handsets . it is possible to have both installed alongside each other without any issues . uninstalling google play music should not in any way impact the stock music app .
no , it is a completely different service . in fact , it is a cloud service with an android app ; whereas the music app is simply a local music app .
1 ) download the latest .obf file at https://sourceforge.net/projects/wikivoyage/files/listings-as-obf/ 2 ) using any file management app , move the .obf file to the root of your osmand folder , probably /sdcard/osmand/ . 3 ) start osmand , and enable the " poi > any " layer ( accessible in menu > layers ) . 4 ) hotels/etc should appear , visible in orange circle . sometimes it does not work immediately , in such cases just restart your phone .
i have noticed that i sometimes get a notification that an update is available , but when i go in there , i am unable to update . i , at first , thought that it was some type of syncing issue like you describe , but i have realized ( at least in my situation ) that i have the apps set to update automatically . so i get the notification , but the market actually has already updated the application in the background . based on your comments , and if you eventually go in to the market and there is actually an update available for an app that you previously were notified about , then i would say it has to do with how google rolls out the updates . as chahk discussed , the notifications seem to go before the apps , in some cases . google does this with just about everything they roll out . updated in batches .
either your server is refusing connection or one of the routers between your phone and the server ( e . g . your carrier 's router ) is refusing connection . try connecting to the server from another device ( preferrably from a wifi connection ) , if your connection is refused from that other device as well , then it is almost definitely a server configuration issue and this question should be asked on superuser or serverfault . your question is way too vague to be answerable , you will need to answer these questions ( hint : you can edit your question , then put a comment to notify your answerers ) : there is no such thing as a device " talking " to another device . what do you mean by " talking " to the server ? is your server serving static html pages , cgi scripts , or is it some kind of media streaming server ? is the ip address the server 's local ip address ( e . g . looks like 127.0.0 . xxx or 192.168 . xxx . xxx , or is it the server 's public ip address ? can you access this server from other devices ? what have you tried ? how are you connecting to the serve from the android ? is it over wifi or over 3g ?
please check the following : you can access to your server and port with your browser your emulator has 3g or wifi enabled your emulator 's browser can access to the server and port
i have ported emacs to android . ( google play , github ) it does not draw ui like linux x11 version , but uses modified android terminal emulator .
not emacs , but terminal ide has vim , and quite a few unix commands .
as of august 7th 2012 , there is now a port of emacs for the android in the google play market . it is simply called " emacs " . it was just released aug 7th ( 5 days ago from this answer ) and is sort of buggy still . but it is indeed a full featured port of the favorite of many " emacs " . it will sure please , any user that has a love for emacs . hopefully the dev will release the source code and many can help to contribute . i think its wonderful . the link to the android market for emacs can be found here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.zielm.emacsfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswyldesimnvbs56awvsbs5lbwfjcyjd hopefully you have not given up your interest by now . ; ) not sure if i should make this a " community wiki " post or not , as i have never used this feature before . but if a user believes that is the right action , please feel free to do so . despite this posts age , i have ran into it before on my search for emacs port on android , so this information may be useful to others in their search as well . so i felt the proper action was to show that emacs has indeed been ported recently .
following the instructions of the android app ubuntu installer free results in an arm ubuntu image which is easily mountable via a terminal emulator . mounting that image results in all the standard ubuntu command line applications being accessible , including emacs . ubuntu installer free requires root ( which i am ok with ) . this is not my ideal solution , but it does result in being able to run emacs on android . it also provides the side benefit of other unix tools , such as all the bash tools and gcc . in theory , one could accomplish my ideal solution by tracing the dependencies of emacs , and pulling the emacs executable and all dependencies out of the image and dropping them into a bin folder directly on the android filesystem .
from what i understand , it is not possible ( at the time of writing this ) , since almost all the dependencies that are required for emacs to run do not exist on the android system . then , even if you got all the dependencies to compile for arm and android kernel , it would take longer to start up emacs then it would to ssh in to another machine that has emacs available . if you want to try , you can look at this site that explains what you need to do to compile linux binaries for the android devices . and here is how you build emacs .
@jim , try using audiotrack api in stream mode . see below code snippet this should work
when i need to play something recorded over the phone , i usually turn on the phone speaker and press up the volume to max . then people on the other end can hear it , but it works best on hd voice carriers ( the audio sounds much better on the other end ) : )
no , the best that you would be able to accomplish is playing a sound through the speaker so the microphone can pick it up . there are no api 's that can accomplish that .
the simplest way would be to use bluetooth or to email the apk to your tablet . you can use adb as suggested by @claire swinson if your device is detected .
can you use adb to copy or install the apk file on the samsung tablet ? for example : $ adb push my_app.apk /mnt/sdcard  or $ adb install my_app.apk  i do not have a galaxy tab so i do not know whether /mnt/sdcard is the correct location on that device . edit : oops . forgot to say that when you connect your device via usb select the charge only option - do not mount the sd card !
you can also use dropbox to move a file onto the device . this will require minimal setup and provide an easy way to push future files to the tab
unless you still have the build . prop file from your 1.6 rom somehow , i do not think the os version is the issue . i would guess it is blocking based on your device or carrier , not the os . check out the answer to this question to see how to view and edit the build . prop file . you can report a different device/os version through that . if you want to change your apparent carrier , try the marketenabler app .
in order to remove the book/app from your cloud , you will need to visit visit amazon.com/myk . log into your account and find the book/app . click the " actions " link to the right of the title . under it you will have the option to delete it permanently . after you do so , you will have the repurchase the book if you want to read it again .
your s4 firmware is corrupt some way . you should head to xda forums and see tutorial for s4 rooting . once you have read everything carefully and done all the steps correctly , you should install a custom rom for s4 , since this would remove the random booting , if you have not damaged the battery with water or anything . note ! rooting is very risky if you do not know what you are doing ! maybe one of your friends has a rooted phone ? ask them or read more about rooting in google . regards .
i would do something else . chances are high your firmware has an issue . go to http://samsung-updates.com/ , select your device and search for your provider . download the full firmware ( about 1.6 gb ) unzip ( only once ) . get yourself odin ( its for windows only ) . its on xda everywhere . a wipe data and wipe cache from recovery mode would be helpful here . hold on power button and volume up fore a while to go there , navigate using volume buttons . hit ok using power button . put your phone in download mode . ( turn off , hold down power button and volume down for a while , hit power up when the message appeared ) . connect your phone to the pc . odin should see it now . in odin you have a bunch of buttons on the right , select the second from the top on the right there . navigate to your unzipped firmware image . ( a . tar . md5 file ) select it . hit start after the file loaded . do not touch your setup during flashing . good luck ! do not try to flash firmware that is not designed for your phone . it can destroy it . ( worst case ) . you can hit getprop in a shell on the device to get all information about your device . the exact device type , firmware version , provider shortcut and so on . another approach is to use samsung kies . kies allows you to do firmware updates and used to flash every system partition on the device , not just the changes as the ota does . if you already are at the newest firmware , it might not work cause there is no update .
media-button-router , already mentioned in one of your linked questions , tries to figure out what app is currently playing music and to dispatch the avrcp events to it . in addition , it lists all apps installed , that declare to listen to avrcp events . what makes avrcp complicated : some apps , like sony 's music unlimited , seem not to declare android.intent.action.MEDIA_BUTTON in their manifest . for this ( or maybe some other ) reason they can not be controlled via media-button-router . i know that e.g. music unlimited can be controlled via avrcp since i read it in a user comment and also i was able to get it running once but unfortunately it is not reproducable . so in those cases it seems that we have to wait for an app 's update with a clean implementation of avrcp event handling . according to media-button-router 's wiki " media button intent handling is done through ordered broadcasts , and each app sets it is own priority for receiving . " so maybe it could be possible to write an app that displays theese priorities and , in effect , would allow you to determine what application will start . however , i do not know about such an app .
it should work imo . i have used a standard galaxy nexus earphone on my ipod touch ; it could do everything from skipping to record voice etc .
yes , htc iqagent is carrier iq software .
thank you for your answers everyone . unfortunately i was unable to boot into clockworkmod recovery . fortunately i found the following solution : downloaded and installed rsd lite ( on windows 8 professional x64 ) downloaded and installed the motorola usb drivers downloaded a sbf image from here : http://sbf.droid-developers.org/umts_jordan/list.php started rsd lite booted the defy with power and volume up buttons plugged the defy into my computer via a usb cable ( my usb3.0 hub seemed to cause problems so i plugged it directly into a usb2.0 on my laptop ) inside rsd lite i selected the sbf image file on my computer . selected " uncompress and start flashing " in rsd waited for phone rom to get flashed . enjoy working phone just as a note - if you run into any annoying motoblur authentication issues you may have to do a factory reset on the phone . this will clear all your user data and can be done in the follow way : boot the defy with power and volume down buttons the android mascot with the triangle/exclamation mark should appear press both the volume up and volume down buttons at the same time you should enter the standard " recovery mode " use the volume up/down buttons to navigate the menu items select " wipe data/ factory reset " with the power button confirm
that is a boot loop . you will have to re-install your cyanogenmod again . you have to hold volume down and power for about 5 seconds to enter clockwork . you have to keep trying , i sometimes have the same problem . just try and may by you will get in recovery , so you can reinstall the rom again . also when you are in recovery make a full wipe of your phone to . i usually do it : pull battery out and at the same time as putting it back in hold volume down and power for about 5 secconds .
1 ) power off phone by taking out battery 2 ) while phone is off ( and battery is in ) hold power and volume down buttons at the same time . this should put you into bootloader . scroll to recovery and select so you can boot into recovery . next , factory reset , clear cache , wipe davlik cache , and try re-flashing cm7
please read the terms and conditions of the site , specifically , under sub-heading 6 . rights and restrictions , and i will quote : no public performance . you agree not to display content contained in products in whole or in part as part of any public performance or display even if no fee is charged ( except where such use would not constitute a copyright infringement ) . use of a tool or feature provided as an authorized part of google play ( for example , “social recommendations” , as defined in the music terms below ) is permitted , provided that as you use the tool or feature as specifically permitted and only in the exact manner specified and enabled by google . capturing of streams . you may not use google play or any product in conjunction with any stream-ripping , stream capture or similar software to record or create a copy of any product that is presented to you in streaming format . sharing . you may not use products as part of any service for sharing , lending or multi-person use , or for the purpose of any other institution , except as specifically permitted and only in the exact manner specified and enabled by google ( for example , through “social recommendations” ) . proprietary notices . you may not remove any watermarks , labels or other legal or proprietary notices included in any product , and you may not attempt to modify any products obtained through google play , including any modification for the purpose of disguising or changing any indications of the ownership or source of a product . the italic-ized and bolded heading is my emphasis and thus would lead to op 's intention to be in violation !
it looks like you have to launch the calendar app , then you can open the options menu and choose search . then you can search your calendar . if you have got a search hard key , you should be able to press that as well once you are in the app . note that on honeycomb and ice cream sandwich , the search is going to be in the overflow menu . i looked and there is no search provider for calendar for some reason , which is necessary if you are going to be able to search that app 's data from the main search box on the home screen .
on ice cream sandwich , the search button is in the " . . . " menu :
disclaimer : i could not make the following method work on my android 4.2 ! at least nowadays it limits offline search for a few weeks . if you want more , try something like this . . . but first , if you have auto sync enabled , disable it for as long as needed to finish all steps : on the device , set the date back to january of 2000 or some old date . go to settings -> applications -> manage applications -> all find " calendar storage " and hit " clear data " go to accounts and sync and choose your google account hit the sync button in upper right corner . let it finish now at this point reset your date back to the actual date perform the sync again it will take longer this time depending on how much calendar data needs to be transferred .
if you can pull both sets of contacts into the google contacts app on the phone , and let them sync with google , you might then be able to merge duplicates via the web-based contacts page : https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/#contacts click the " more " button , then choose " find and merge duplicates " .
all the data for the s3 's stock browser are stored in /data/data/com.android.browser/ , but just like any app 's private data directory , you can only access that if your phone is rooted . rather than try to find app data to back up and manage that process yourself , i strongly recommend you to use one of the many existing backup apps out there , or to use adb backup .
the sleep timeout and other screen lock settings can be restricted by a device policy . this is something that you might install to access a corporate vpn or mail server , and additionally some kinds of security apps ( such as antivirus ) . they can force security-related settings to particular values , e.g. to make sure that your work email will be secure even if you leave your device unattended . you can see and deactivate device administrators from the main settings app . look under device administrators . most android devices have " android device manager " in that list , so ignore that , but anything else there could be restricting your screen lock settings .
you should not worry that much as it happened once . just take care it does not happen often . in short , leds have a long life span ( 20k+ hours ? ) . so the concern is not really the leds burning out ( although after a long period of time , they will eventually start losing the amount of output and their brightness will dim ) . the real concern is to not apply too much voltage to the led and overheat it . another concern would be overheating your battery ( due to heat dissipation from draining the battery from powering the led ) . in short , if you are only using the led for time periods less than half an hour , you should be okay . source
as @geffchang said , disabling animations in developer options is right way
try using multi-mount sd card lite in order to mount your internal sd as well as your external sd as removable devices on your computer . after you do this , you may use recuva in order to check if any permanently deleted files are recoverable or not . this software will also help you recover as much data as possible from both your internal sd as well as your external sd card . hope this helps !
try azilink (http://code.google.com/p/azilink/). you will need to do a little setup on your ubuntu machine in addition to loading the app on your droid , but it will work without requiring you to root your droid . this is a usb tethering solution that i have used in the past with my ubuntu netbook to great success .
recycling an answer from a recent duplicate . easy tether from mobile stream should work . it is a way to share your internet connection with another device via usb . get the lite version ( does not support https , or tethering to gaming consoles ) or the full version . supports windows 7/vista/xp ( 32-bit and 64-bit ) , mac os x 10.7/10.6/10.5/10.4 , ubuntu 10.4+ and fedora 13+ full version supports the following : tether ps3 , wii , xbox via pc internet connection sharing , you need a computer for game console tethering .
i used this modified version of proxoid for quite a while . you need to set up the android developer kit first , and follow the instructions on the proxoid website on how to enable it .
i had manually exported contacts to google csv , uploaded to google spreadsheets . edited manually table by copying comments column to phone number column , deleted extra text , upload csv to contacts again
try this program sd maid . open program , go to appcontrol tab and click the app you want . there is an option called , " remove app but keep its data " . edit : i am not sure but it might require root .
eventually , simply uninstalling and reinstalling normally worked ! turns out data is saved this way or another .
it is all possible , but it is is going to depend a lot on the particular tablet you buy . i can tell you right now that pdanet is not going to work android to android . i emailed them about this and that was their answer . bluetooth tether is possible and again is going to depend on the device . all the archos gen 8 tablets have bt tethering capability ( to use your phones internet ) baked into the stock os , however , people are getting mixed results ( by and large , this seems to be the most successful way to do it ) . they had usb tether ( also to use your phones internet ) but then removed it , but it is possible , it must may require some hacking . as far as rooting and using the wifi tether , again this is possible but people are also getting mixed results with this , myself included . i am rooted and use wireless tether but my archos 70 can not see the connection because all of the wireless tether apps create an ad hoc network and android supposedly does not support ad hoc . from what i have been told in other forums i just need to experiment with other kernels . if you have one of the phones with " hotspot " capability and you pay for it through your service provider that signal is discoverable because it is an actual ap and not ad hoc . long story short , it is possible , but there is no sure bet . before you buy , go to the forums for the particular tablet your interested in and read up on what it takes to get the tethering going .
turns out that it is possible with a stock ( unrooted ) android 3.0 tablet and a rooted android phone , using android-wifi-tether and bluetooth tethering . details here : http://www.droid-life.com/2011/03/01/how-to-bluetooth-tether-to-motorola-xoom-using-original-droid/
some keyboards have a kind of " blacklist " for bad/insulting words . check if you can find that option in settings &rarr ; language and input , where you should be able to disable it . i know for sure there is such an option for voice input ( "block insults " in settings &rarr ; voice input and output &rarr ; voice recognizer settings ) , but i am not sure whether that option also applies to keyboard input .
i have a nexus 4 from t-mobile , the google one , with android 4.2.2 . i have been noticing this same problem , and the fix i found was to go to settings -> language and input -> then press the settings icon next to the " google keyboard ( english , u.s. ) " option -> then deselect " block offensive words . " before i figured this out , however , i spent quite a lot of time painstakingly adding each swear word and each of their various iterations and conjugations to my personal dictionary ( both under ' phrase ' and ' shortcut' ) , so this may have helped somewhat for my fix . i can now swype swear words , although often times it is not the automatically recognized word , and i have to manually select it from the list of other possibilities that comes up . i suspect that as i type the swear words more often it will begin to use them by default . as for the voice-to-text options , i do not really know how to fix it , because i rarely use it , however i would suggest trying the same thing ( i.e. . finding it under ' settings ' and deselecting ' block offensive words , ' or some similar option ) . hope this helps !
i what i will call a workaround for the present , as it is not a simple solution as allowing offensive words in voice typing , but it has the same final affect : under settings , choose Language &amp; Input choose Personal Dictionary click the plus ( + ) button in the top right enter the " offensive word " under the Phrase and Shortcut spaces click the back button ( system or top left ) enjoy your custom swipable profanity
most widgets can be added by going to the widgets section in the app drawer and long pressing them , then selecting an empty area of the homescreen to place it . you will see all standard widgets there , except for the htc ones . those widgets are made specifically for and locked to the htc sense launcher , unfortunately .
these widgets are not standard widgets . they use non-standard apis of the sense launcher and thus that other launcher 's do not have and thus , they can not use them . this is why , you can not use sense widgets with custom launcher .
the motorola electrify m comes with a set of functions called smart actions , which can be deployed . a sample from their user guide is the silencing of the ringer when inside meetings . see the user guide here to find help in refining the criteria triggers , so that the ringer is restored . look for \control and customize\smart actions\help . like most trigger-based actions , each comes with some downside , so either some refinement , or complete disabling will solve your difficulty .
the expected behaviour has to be provided by the application rather than not from android services . i have not used rmaps , but i use trekbuddy which also uses offline map tiles created by mobac . the working nature of the mobac and hence these apps which depends on mobac does provide offline map tile in layers . either zoom level can be stored in a layer or different map types like satellite image , terrain , normal map etc can be in stored in each layer . when i create offline maps i create them in various zoom levels say ( from 15 to 10 ) each in seperate layer as shown : the apps like rmaps and trekbuddy shows only one layer at a time . to simulate zooming , one has to load the layer with higher zoom level . say for example , if i am presently viewing a map in zoom level 10 , in order to zoom , i should load layer for zoom level 11 or higher . to ease this operation , trekbuddy has a feature called easy zoom , with which ( once configured properly ) , once can zoom with volume rocker keys . pressing volume up will zoom up and pressing volume down will zoom down . however as expected this feature intervened with actual volume up and down feature and hence it was reported to work in few phones only ( not working in mine - a lg optimus one running andorid 2.3.3/cm10 ) .
yes , there is no reason you could not do this on android . but you had have to modify the app to generate the scaled tiles on-the-fly : it would certainly be fast enough on a recent phone with a good gpu . i do not believe there is already an app that does this : satellite maps are so large that wanting to use them offline is an unusual use case .
there are multiple things to be considered . first , you are absolutely correct : you should avoid restoring system apps . there might be some exceptions ( as e.g. sms , contacts , calendars are maintained by system apps as well ) , but let 's postpone that for now . second , user-apps should be safe to restore , including their data . third , just to be sure , before restoring anything on a different rom/device , you should take some pre-cautions : go to tibu ' s settings , watch out for the " troubleshooting " section , and enable " migration mode " as well as " use system sqlite " ( this combination saved my day more than once ) . while in " normal mode " e.g. sqlite databases would be simply replaced ( which might cause the " owning app " to crash if the structure had changed ) , with " migration mode " tibu attempts to only merge the data . forth , with above precautions taken , you could carefully try to even restore some of the relevant data ( sms , wifi aps , etc . ) . to be on the absolutely safe side , a dedicated backup app for sms etc . would be the better idea ; contacts e.g. could be synced via google or exported to .vcf using the contacts app itself , similarly calendars ( sync or save to .ics using a 3 rd party app ) . last , just in case and to be on the sfe side : restore your apps/data one by one , and check for possible side-effects in between ; continue with the resp . " next app " only when you are sure everything is fine . once running into trouble , remember which app that was ; then factory-reset and restore all up to where you got allright ( in case it was a system-app ) or simply uninstall the troublemaker ( in case of an user-app ) , skip the " trouble app " , and continue carefully with the next . after-thoughts from the comments : the above applies to system apps and user-apps ( the " one-by-one " especially applies to system apps , as you cannot uninstall them it something fails ; though in most cases it suffices to " delete data " for the affected app in settings→apps – if you still can go there , that is ) the above applies as well when restoring a backup on a different device ( as basically , that can be called a " different rom " as well , right ? ) possible side-effects might include force-close-loops of the affected app , even on device start – which again would require a factory-reset if it was a system app ( or a user-app which wants to start at boot ) . with some luck , a start in safe-mode is possible in those cases , and you might be able solving the issue from there . example case for a failed restore ( from my own experience ) : i once restored the sms from a different rom ( did not know about the migration option then ) . results were i could not open the sms app at all ( force-close ) . other apps accessing the same database crashed when trying to do so ( e . g . contacts ) . " delete data " did not solve it back then , so i had to factory-reset . worst cases ( at least if you left out system apps themselves ; their data is ok ) are always solved by a factory-reset . really worst-case ( you restored some system apps and broke it ) is solved by re-flashing the rom .
viber does not provide facility to delete or remove member from group even if your are group admin . only option is you leave and delete group and recreate the group without that member . sorry
just tap and hold the name which u want to delete , a recycle icon will appear , then recycle it that it
another option not involving too many buttons would be " voice control " . for this , i can recommend you a combination of tasker and the autovoice addon on the software side , and a common bluetooth headset on the hardware side . using the bluetooth headsets button , you can activate autovoice , then speak your command , and tasker would execute it . due to the versatility of tasker , this gives you almost unlimited possibilities to control your device ( and everything connected to it ) – if you miss one specific feature , chances are very high there is another tasker addon adding exactly that . i am a long-time tasker user , and cannot imagine doing without it anymore . i also tried autovoice , and must say it works great . you can even use " casual phrasing " and have it " matching for wildcards " – so it e.g. would not matter whether you say " tv on " , or " turn the tv on " , or even " turn the tv screen on" ; setup correctly , autovoice would check for " tv . . on " , and act accordingly . ( sorry for the strange example , but that is about what i did , integrating it with my home equipment ; ) one possible " handicap " here : as autovoice relies on google voice , it would need a network connection to work . but the big plus : nothing to carry in your hands : )
it sounds like what you want is a presentation clicker . this is a small device used by speakers to control slides during their talk . usually it uses bluetooth hid profile , and is visible to the host device as a keyboard or mouse . alternatively , you might already have a bluetooth game controller ( such as a playstation controller ) . android has support for these built-in . there are also wired usb presentation clickers , and usb game controllers . if your device supports usb-on-the-go , you can use one of these .
you will struggle to get a sim card that is not on a contract in japan . even then , it is really hard if you do not have a japanese passport . the best option i am aware of would be to get a sim from www.mobalnarita.com. disable data on your phone and use wifi only . data charges in japan are really expensive .
sim-locked phones need to be unlocked for use on other carriers . almost every phone you get will be sim-locked . the most easily unlocked phones i know of are the galaxy s line . the only other thing you need to check is the radio frequency bands used by the device and the carrier . if they match , you are in luck . " quad-band " devices should work on every gsm network .
Android only supports Network Time Protocol (NTP) from Android 4.0 on and before it was NITZ/GSM only - certainly not in my opinion . the app clocksync which i use in my lg optimus one ( p500 ) running android 2.3.3 ( rooted ) works with ntp protocol . i did not rely on my gsm operator 's time settings as i found the deviation was unacceptable limits . please see the question inaccurate time ? how to fix it ? and its answer .
those permissions ( call , sms ) are in most cases used for " quick-access-widgets/shortcuts " the launcher provides . to create a call widget for a contact , the contacts need to be read , which again might need the account data in some cases to retrieve them . so all those permissions are obviously making sense in context of a launcher . of course this does not mean they cannot be abused . so i would either stick with a heavily used / well known app , or have additional protection ( pdroid , lbe ) . you explicitly mentioned apex , which i use on some of my devices . on others i use golauncher ex . i also use lbe to keep watch . none of these two launchers ever misused these permissions ( at least i never got a warning ) -- though i must admit i did not check all the logs thoroughly all the time .
i might not be 100% right , but as a launcher i think the permissions are for the following : directly call phone numbers : if the launcher has its own dialer , you need to give it permissions to be able to do calls , else you would end with a dialer that doesnt dial . access mail information , read your text messages ( sms or mms ) : same as above , launchers many times have direct access to your smss , so it can be either displayed or linked to your home screen . read call log , read your contacts : this has to do with the first one , if you let use it the dialer , call logs and contacts should also be used when trying to dial , else you would end having to type the entire number you want to call . find accounts on this device : i suppose this one refers to the google account if your contacts are stored there . so if the above permisions are for a launcher , you should not worry since they are pretty usual . as for the launcher root issue , i think its a jb issue . i am using the stock right now , but in ginger bread and ics i was using a non-stock launcher and could add widgets without problems .
there is actually no need to " black hat " or sideload the app . if you can not find it in your google play search , or if clicking on " download " from the http://facebook.com/home page lands you in the google play install page but it says your device is not compatible , then do not worry , there is another way . i have a sony ericsson xperia p and i googled hard for a solution ; then i read that facebook pushed an update recently which ( in addition to adding support for 2 more phones ) let 's you " use home anyways " . so how to install home in the first place , you say ? head on over to 1 mobile market ( http://www.1mobile.com ) and download their app . once installed ( make sure you enable " allow unknown sources " in your phone 's security settings ) , look for facebook home in the 1 mobile marketplace and install ( again , make sure you can install from unknown sources ) . it should run automatically once installed and you should see the " use home anyways " option . facebook home the legal and official way . worked great for me ! enjoy !
appears to currently be us only , and only added in the latest epic 4g update . however the marketing materials keep mentioning galaxy s devices , rather than any specific models , so it could well roll out to the rest of the galaxy s range in future updates , or possibly even via the on-device samsung apps store that most galaxy s 's have ( assuming your phone company has not removed it ) . however it is worth bearing in mind that this is a transparent attempt to lock you into samsung for future phone and tv purchases , as once you have built up a large library of paid content on their media store , you are probably not going to want to move to hardware where you can not watch that content . if you are happy with that then ok , personally i will stick to more hardware independant media vendors .
no , i have had media hub since i was running 2.1 in august 2010 ( on my vibrant ) . i am sure you could get it from somewhere and side-load it .
linux has an file system wrapper thingy called cifs that allows it to mount an smb share ( windows shared folder ) transparently as a standard folder to the file system . looks like there is an android app for creating and managing cifs mounts - cifsmanager . using it , i assume you could make your android device see all the files in the shares just like they would be on your memory card . the app does list " playing music " as an example use case in it is description , so i expect it could be used for this purpose . i have not looked at how it works yet , but intend to now that you made me interested in the use case . : ) i will edit the answer when i have had time to test this . note that the app requires root . also , do not know if it can automatically reconnect the shares when they become available . and i am not sure if it messes up the android music player or file management system or whatever if the mounted files it was accessing suddenly become disconnected ( i would expect that android can handle it , though ) .
hey man you could try samba network music player - it was specifically designed for this purpose . still in development but it works .
you can use winamp to sync your music wirelessly between your phone and that share . you can find a guide on how to do it here .
you may try the preview version of ' soumi music player ' at the following link for playing mp3 files from your network shared folder . https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/soumi-music-player-preview
a squeezebox server ( download ) running on the pc will allow any device on the network to connect to the mp3 stream it broadcasts . you can add songs to the playlist via the web interface from the pc or your phone 's browser , or install one of the android squeezebox controller apps like squeeze commander . see also this previous question client-server android audio remote
one option would be something like the vlc stream and convert app . you actually do not even need the music to be on a shared drive for that one to work , you just need vlc installed on the pc and a wifi lan to share ( or 3g and some network security know-how ) . it was pretty easy to set up over the lan on my linux box , but ymmv on other configurations , i suppose .
es file explorer will let you play media files . . . but i think you have to pick them one at a time to play them . . . not sure if you can play a list of songs . . . .
subsonic is also a great way to share music with you android device over wifi or even the internet . there is also an subsonic android app . or you could use google music , which is currently us only .
audiogalaxy supposedly does this . i have not used it for myself .
you can not , wifi direct is for peer to peer wifi connection only , like paring with buetooth . your pc is not set up to do this kind of direct connection . so the answer is " no " . your question is mixed , what did you use to create the ad-hoc network ? what was the route that would allow you to brwose the web ? you can use an htc one x to create a wifi hotspot for the pc to connect to , but not the other way around . it is really confusing question .
are you running a custom rom ? i know that in cyanogenmod you can choose to keep the slide to unlock screen and then your unlock pattern . that is the way mine is set up . to turn this off ( in cyanogenmod 7 's case ) follow these steps go to settings tap cyanogenmod settings tap lockscreen tap unlock options then uncheck the top option labelled " skip on security " you might be able to find the " skip on security " setting somewhere else on your phone if you are not running an official version of cyanogenmod or if the rom is only based on cyanogenmod
you may need to use samsung kies ( software for pc ) , or get your pc to recognize the ' new ' " mtp " usb mode . further background : ice cream sandwich supports usb mass storage after all , galaxy nexus does not wikipedia > > media transfer protocol samsung > > support > > kies 2.0 also see : can i disable mtp mode and just have a regular usb connection ?
have a look to the following steps step 1 # try cleanup and reinstall of drivers http://www.droidforums.net/forum/galaxy-s3-general-discussion/216706-cant-connect-s3-pc-usb-3.html#post2340704 pull the sim card out and do a factory reset with format step 2 # you can to use samsung kies ( software for pc ) , or get your pc to recognize the " mtp " usb mode . can i disable mtp mode and just have a regular usb connection ? samsung galaxy s3 not connecting via usb step 3 # make sure you install the samsung usb driver for mobile phone http://m.samsung.com/us/support/downloads http://www.samsung.com/us/support/owners/product/sch-i535mbbvzw driver issues when using samsung galaxy siii via usb for development step 4 # for file transfers , you can use airdroid , which connects through wifi . http://www.airdroid.com/
i had a similar problem connecting my galaxy s3 . the drivers were not installing properly . there were messages saying the usb device as malfunctioning . despite being able to charge the phone , it was not being recognised as a mass storage device nor offering me an option on the phone as to what i would like it to connect to the pc as , until i changed my usb cable . i had read some posts that had suggested this . after trying all the phone and device manager settings from debugging to reinstalling and updating drivers , this is what worked : trying a new usb cable . the drivers installed themselves . then , i was able to select use as media device from the phone notificaton menu . i double clicked my computer , and opened phone to display media . i was also able to select usb tethering from phone settings to allow connection to the internet , which is what kicked this all off in the first place . hope this helps some others . what i also discovered during this process was how to set the phone up as a wi-fi hotspot . i just followed a neat youtube video detailing this , and was able to connect my laptop to the internet while i sorted out the rest of my problem .
if you are using android 4.3 open the dial pad and dial *#0808# android 4.2 *#7284# this will solve your problem .
you might need to clean the micro usb port . try using a toothbrush or a safety pin to get the lint out . this worked for me
install the latest driver ensure you are using the factory cable that came with the phone ( some cables wont work with the s3 , the computer will even lie to you and give you error saying the " usb device not recognized" )
i had a similar problem , but with no error message . my computer just did not see my phone even though the computer recognized any other usb device i put in . note : on a previous session my computer did recognize my phone and i was able to b/u some files . my final solution was fairly simple , while the phone was still on i removed the battery from the phone and left it out for 5 minutes . then i reinstalled the battery and turned the phone on . after plugging the phone into my computer via the usb cord i had a connection phone to computer . no , i do not have a technical explanation for this .
just use kies air ( pre-installed on your s3 ) . works perfectly and is user friendly .
for anyone having trouble connecting to windows using usb in mtp mode , make sure you install the samsung usb driver for mobile phones from samsung 's website . here 's a link for the verizon model : http://www.samsung.com/us/support/owners/product/sch-i535rwbvzw navigate to the Manuals &amp; Downloads tab , and then below the tabs , click Software. there you will see the usb driver listed .
you need to use usb 2.0 ports only .
before updating my galaxy s iii to android 4.3 , did not have any problem with windows 7 . it is obvious that w7 should have recognized it even if kies software were not installed . that was with main before updating to new android . but saddlery w7 was not able to find the galaxy siii in media device ( mtp ) mode ! solution for me : installing : device ( install ) , usb drive ( software ) - nov 9 , 2012
do not know about erd -- but there some ( flowchart ) diagram editors around : andyuml can create and share simple uml diagrams . it is not " drawing " , you rather " write the code " , like with graphviz dianoid can create diagrams , uml-like flowcharts , mind-maps and sketches quickly and easily . droiddia describes itself as similar as microsoft visio , but for android tablets and phones . smart diagram says : usage : flow chart , tree diagram , mind map , etc there might be some more -- but this should get you started . some screenshots : dianoid ( left ) , andyuml ( right ) .
this is a developer answer , but i know that when you are coding an app for android you have options that allow you to control the screen timeout . google recommends that you use the user 's preference by default and offer them actual options in the preferences of your app to change how your app affects the screen timeout , but technically you can do whatever you want . i have a number of apps ( games , poweramp , etc . ) that i allow permission to disable my screen timeout .
you can user tasker to control the timeout for individual apps .
this is a paid solution , but if you download better contacts you can get the functionality you want . and it is less than $3 .
typing out an organization name in the main search box displays the relevant contacts that have the info in the organization field .
you will have to remove the information from the name field . then your business or your organization will be displayed in the contact list . you can put the individual names of people in the company in the note 's field . you are basically saying the company is your contact entry , not the individual . of course you can also have other contacts in your list by person 's names . you can fill out organization/business info fields in those also . when searching , you will see their names in the list .
how they detect that someone is tethering a device is not something that network providers often want to talk about , for the obvious reason that the more consumers know about how this is being detected , the easier it is for them to find ways to hide the fact that they are doing it , and avoid the associated extra charges ( 1 ) . however there are certain known techniques that will give away the fact that you are currently tethering , if your service provider happens to be running the right tool to check for these indicators : your phone asks your network if tethering is allowed the first and easiest method is that some phones will query the network to check whether the current contract allows tethering , and then totally disable the tethering options on the device in software if not . this generally only happens if you are running an os version that has been customized by your provider , example 1 example 2 . your phone tells your network that you are tethering it is also rumoured that some phones have a second set of apn details saved in them by the phone network , when you enable tethering they switch over to using this second apn for all tethered traffic , while using the normal apn for traffic originating on the phone . however i have not found any concrete evidence of this , other than people finding odd apns and wondering what they are for ( bear in mind that an unlocked phone bought off-contract may have hundreds or thousands of apns stored on it , ready for use on whichever network in whichever country the eventual owner decides to use it ) . inspecting the network packets for their ttl ( time to live ) every network packet travelling across a tcp/ip network , like the internet , has a built-in time-to-live ( ttl ) set on it , so that in case there is a problem with that packet reaching its destination this will stop it travelling around the network forever clogging everything up . the way this works is that the packet starts with a ttl number ( say 128 ) set on it when it leaves the sending device ( your phone , or laptop ) , and then every time that packet travels through a router of any kind ( like your home broadband router , or a router at your isp or phone company ) that router subtracts one from the ttl ( which would decrement the ttl to 127 in this example ) , the next router it travels through will in turn decrement the ttl again , and so on , if the ttl ever reaches zero then the router it is at discards the packet and does not transmit it again . when your phone is tethering it acts like a router so , as the packet passes from your tethered laptop through your phone and onto the phone network , your phone will subtract "1" from the ttl to show that the packet has passed through its first router . the phone networks know what the expected ttls from common devices are ( for instance packets from an iphone always start at a ttl of 64 ) , and so they can spot when they are one less ( or totally different ) than they are expecting . mac address inspection devices on a tcp/ip network , like the internet , all have a unique mac id set on their network interfaces . this is made up of two halves , one half identifying the manufacturer of the interface , and the other half being a unique identifier assigned by the manufacturer ( like a serial number ) . every network packet that is sent out will have been " stamped " with the mac address of the originating device 's network port . the mac address of your laptop 's wifi card will have a very different manufacturer and serial code than the mac address of your phone 's 3g interface . tcp/ip stack fingerprinting different computer operating systems ( eg android , ios , windows , mac osx , linux , etc ) set up their tcp/ip stacks with different default values and settings ( eg the initial packet size , initial ttl , window size . . . ) . the combination of these values can give a " fingerprint " that can be used to identify what operating system is running on the originating device . a side-effect of this may mean that if you are using an uncommon os , or an os that is similar to your phone 's on your other device , your tethering may not be spotted . looking at the destination ip/url you can learn a lot by what a device regularly communicates with . for instance , many oss these days do captive portal detection when they first connect to a wifi network ( such as your wifi tether connection ) , they do this by trying to connect to a known web server across the internet , and checking to see if they get the response that they are expecting . if the expected response is not received , then it is likely that the wifi connection you are on is a " captive portal " and may need you to log in , or pay , to connect to it . as microsoft oss ( like windows vista and windows 7 check with a microsoft server by default and other oss like android , macos and so on all connect to their parent company 's servers to do these checks , it can be used as a good indication of the operating system just after the initial connection is made . additionally , if a device regularly contacts the windows update servers , then it is very likely that device is a windows pc or laptop , whereas if it regularly checks with google 's android update servers , then it is probably a phone . or if they can see that you are connecting to the apple app store , but the imei of the device that your sim card is in indicates that it is not an apple device , maybe you are tethering an ipad to an android phone ? more sophisticated systems can look at a whole range of data seeing who you are communicating with ( eg are you connecting to the facebook app 's api servers which is more likely from a phone , or to facebook 's web servers which is more likely from a pc ) and add a whole load of these indicators together to create a fingerprint that indicates what sort of device you are likely to be using . some of these fingerprints can be caught out when new device types and services come out , for instance there are reports that just after tablets with built-in 3g came out , some owners of these on the at and t network received mails warning them that they had been tethering when they had not , as the fingerprint from this new style of device did not look like a typical phone . ( 1 ) obviously before trying any methods to by-pass tethering detection please remember to check your phone contract and your phone company 's policies on tethering . they may have penalty clauses buried in their contract , fair use policy , or acceptable use policy for people who try to bypass their restrictions and limits .
in reality mobile network internet providers predominantly use deep package inspection with uri fingerprinting to detect tethering . it is the only method that is feasible to use for large scale operation . they can use known sites , e.g. the windows update server , to detect that it is a non-phone device that is accessing . or for http , read web browser user agent to detect that the browser is for a non-phone platform . having said this , these methods have some significant limitations . timing offset from start of use until detection can take minutes detection can be neutralised by using end-user encryption using all possible fingerprinting techniques often result in triggering false positives so the reality is that tethering detection is a balancing act from an operator perspective . they typically only implement enough to be able to block regular , non-geek users ( which constitute the wast majority of mobile users ) . deploying tighter detection to block tech savvy users is typically not worth the effort , and may backfire by generating too many false-positive events . as long as they get paid for used data , they will look the other way . they rather concentrate their effort on hackers and blocking revenue leakage due to network exploits .
you should not need to do this for the archos 70 . do you have the archos 70 internet tablet or the archos 7 home tablet ? the link you have is for the archos 7 home tablet , which is an older model . if you in fact have a generation 8 , archos 70 , here 's the link you want : http://forum.archosfans.com/viewtopic.php?f=63t=42067 all you have to do is open the apk file on your tablet .
it could be referring to usb debug mode . go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development to turn that off .
it works , among other shortcuts , on my galaxy s4 with a bluetooth external keyboard ( iwerkz ) i guess that is due to the underlying linux layer of android that provides some basic functionalities , like when you plug in an old a usb keyboard in usb host mode and it just works .
for anyone who comes across this via a search i found these options . . . polaris office 's word processing program implements undo that works via control-Z on my galaxy note 3 using a bluetooth keyboard . the jotterpad x text editor implements undo and redo that works fine via on-screen controls . the jotterpad x app description on the google play store claims specifically . . . compatible with physical and bluetooth keyboard including shortcut keys ( e . g . ctrl + z for undo ) on my system , jotterpad x 's undo did not work with a bluetooth keyboard , but maybe it will work on your system or with a different model keyboard .
on my s3 , the clock widget no longer launches the clock app or alarm . there is , however , a designated alarm app that may be used . that , or you can use a clock widget from the play store , there are quite a number that offer a similar experience to samsung 's default clock app , that allow you to launch a shortcut when tapped on .
i had to release the buttons just after samsung logo and not after seeing cwm screen
sometimes you need more tries to go back into recovery . if it does not work , you might have to re-flash the proper . tar file with odin .
choosing the google installer option will verify the application with google before installing . choosing the package installer option will install the application as is . since i like to be safe , i installed avg antivirus from the play store . a third option will be to scan the package for viruses before installing .
the data usage screen can show both mobile data and wi-fi usage ( but only shows one by default ) . you are almost certainly seeing your wi-fi usage , 750mb does not sound unlikely for a new device that will have downloaded settings , apps , contacts , and probably os updates . if you have a sim card in your phone then the data usage app defaults to only showing mobile data usage , but there is a menu option to allow you to set it to show wi-fi data usage too . i assume that if the device has never had a sim card inserted , then it will default to showing wi-fi usage , as that is the only data usage it is used . ( screenshots from a galaxy nexus , so it should work the same way )
you did not do a factory reset then , but probably a soft reset . to perform a factory reset from the home screen press menu > settings > sd card and phone storage > factory data reset > reset phone > erase everything . that should take you back to square one . reply back with a comment if not . update : boot into the bootloader : completely power off the deivce . then hold down the back button and press the power/end call button to restart your phone . keep the back button held down till the bootloader menu appears . from here do you have an option to wipe , reset , or factory reset ( or something along those lines ) ? if so try it .
i was having the same problem with this router + phone + firmware combo , i found that setting up a dhcp reservation ( using the mac address of your phone ) on the router ( setup/basic setup/dhcp server/dhcp reservation ) allowed my phone to connect successfully .
here 's an issue i had forever ! i fixed it by adjusting the router to use wpa2 only instead of wpa/wpa2 . now all my android devices connect without problems .
try reloading the wifi driver dial *#*#526#*#* ( or ) install the " wifi-fixer " app from the market .
not from within android , no . only root can mount or remount filesystems , including /system . there is another way , which is to go outside of android completely by making the change you want from the recovery . since the recovery does not use android 's permissions system , it can let you mount whatever filesystems you like , however you like . but if you are going to install a custom recovery to let you do this , you might as well root the phone anyway .
if you install different countries rom , you will get some different app that follows in that country region .
yes , it is ok to flash stock rom from another country . but , take note that it may have different languages , and a different baseband/modem . having a different baseband can cause network issues ( or a very hot phone ) , but you can flash a baseband that works for your country .
adobe stopped supporting flash player on android , and removed their app from play store . gtv 's chrome browser 's flash plugin will remain at whatever version it currently is , and will no longer receive any updates . bottom line is that there is no way to play that video on your google tv device .
yes , go to your profile in viber " you " at the bottom of page , go to " market sticker " at the top right corner , you see " settings " select it , and you can " on/off " your stickers . it is as simple ! : )
from the viber product page : can i delete sticker packages ? once you have downloaded a sticker package , it will remain on your device . however , you have the option of disabling sticker packages that you do not want displayed in your sticker menu . ​ enter the sticker market select the gear icon uncheck the box next to the packages you do not want to displayed in your sticker menu
google docs requires an active internet connection , when that error happens try testing whether you can access internet on the browser . you can alternatively make a document available offline in the preview document screen , you still will not be able to edit it but it will be still be readable .
have you tried inetify or network tester to check for wifi connectivity ?
is there a way to configure my phone to use my cell data when the connected wi-fi is not working\unavailable , etc ? assuming you are talking about wifi being activated , then in this case , wifi and cellular data are exclusive , you cannot have one activated and yet use the other . a flip-flop operation , switch on wifi , cellular data is off , switch off wifi , cellular data is on . cannot have both ! check the firmware - perhaps a newer update is available ? what version of android are you referring to ? quite possibly , izzy 's solution of using tasker might suffice , this was answered recently ?
no this is not possible up to android 4.2 . some convention they need to follow that is why if mobile phone is connected by wifi ( no matter internet connection is there or not to wifi router or device by which your phone is connected ) then it will not get connect by mobile data . may be you will find some application on google store but i am not sure . because if some application do this then they need to change at kernel level or they need to customize the operating system .
have you tried Settings &gt; Connection &gt; Wi-Fi &gt; Left-click (soft menu) &gt; Advanced &gt; Check for Internet service ? note : i have an s4 ( build xxubmga )
after some digging , i have to decide that what you are trying to achieve is not possible since there is no way to check whether there are additional login requirements necessary for the connected wi-fi networks . you may be able to check the connectivity of the wi-fi network with the methods mentioned by both geffchang and nobugs . but , since the connections with additional authentications literally give you the internet access to login to their network , the said apps and methods ( even the tasker ) will sadly be of lesser use . but the network tester app suggested by nobugs seems promising even though it cannot switch the connections . you can use an app like auto wifi / 3g switch to do the switching automatically . this app can be used to disable mobile data / 3g connection automatically when your device is connected to a wifi network and re-enable mobile data when your device is disconnected from wifi network . again of course , the app cannot detect whether or not there are additional authentications . finally you are left with manually switching and toggling your mobile data and wi-fi . you can use an app like 3g wifi connection mode .
assuming the original photos are still available , the loss of the thumbnails is not an issue , so you can dispose of the corrupted files . the gallery app will read the images directly . in fact , certain space-management apps will delete thumbnails for space recovery . i use sd maid , which recommends their disposal in the systemcleaner panel . i have done this a number of times , without system degredation . the gallery obviously still works , as i can still find and display any of the near-1000 images taken on my phone . if you choose not to use sd maid to clean them up , you can do this manually with any file explorer app to find them in the dcim\thumbnails folder . this folder is the sibling to the camera folder ( dcim\camera ) . select and delete all the thumbnails without a problem , just do not do the same to the original images until you have backed them up .
you will have to modify the os to support most of this , since it does not incorporate this by default , but since android is fully open-source this should not be too much of a problem . it is always better to put restrictions like these as near the kernel as possible so they are hard to bypass .
yes all this is possible but you will have to root the tablet and whether or not that is possible will depend on the tablet . here 's the answer to each request : yes , you have to edit the hosts file for which you will have to root the device . yes , any browser ( i recommend dolphin hd ) will let you set the home page , so just set this to the page you want it to launch with . with the launch after boot app ( ~$1.60 ) you can set the browser to launch on start-up . yes , the aforementioned dolphin hd browser has a " full screen " mode under settings . since you are rooting the device you can just uninstall the messaging ( sms/mms/email ) apps . yes . this app requires a rooted device ( and dropping $2 ) : boot animation changer pro all in all this is possible assuming you can root you device , and while it will not be easy , it also wont require you programming any custom solution . edit : i should have mentioned that going " full screen " on the browser will not prevent people from navigating away from the browser screen to other parts of the device but you can basically uninstall every single app that you do not want your people using , and uninstall the market so they can not install more apps . you can also password protect apps that you do not want people using with an app like app protector pro ( $2 ) . any enterprising person will be able to get around anything you do with some work but that can be said about any workplace restrictions . edit #2: do not quote me on this but i will bet you could use tasker to furhter restrict access to the device and/or services . assuming you guys operate during set business hours and are at one bricks and mortar location , you can set location and time based restrictions so when they are in the store during business hours only certain things are possible . you would just need to password protect tasker after setting it up .
we have here two situations colliding . for wireless-tether to have worked in the first place , it means that you were rooted . it is typical behavior of ota updates to remove root access . you must re-root your device in order to ensure that wireless-tether will work properly again . the root access portion of wireless-tether is what helps it work its magic that prevents that verizon hijack page from coming up .
the droid x has a similar issue with this , make sure that you set the device profile to droid 2 in wifi tether . this is a setting that was added in the wifi tether 3.0+ versions .
i was able to solve this , but it is not pretty . following the advice in this thread , i applied a hack to the radio that gets wireless tether working . edit : i can confirm this exact procedure will also work on a droid x . download and install radiocomm . it worked fine on windows 7 x64 . open radiocom . this was the first time i opened the app , and a splash screen asked for me to " select which ma to use . " i could not find the ma mentioned in the thread in this list , so i just selected 3g all others ( or something like that ) . open the main menu , select ma , common , mdm 6x00 chipset base . open the settings menu , select usb , pst usb driver . connect phone to computer via usb . change the phone 's usb connection mode to pc mode . the radio detection icon on the right side of radiocomm will turn green . scroll to the p2k 4 tab . in the stelem / rdelem section , tick the dec entries radio box . in the text boxes , enter : Element ID: 8040 Record #: 1 Offset: 0 Length: 128  press RDELEM . it will turn green and the following data should appear : change Element ID to 8041 . press STELEM . it will turn green . change Element ID to 8091 . press STELEM . change the phone 's usb connection mode to charge only . reboot the phone . install wifi tether 3.1-beta6 . in wifi tether 's settings , change the device profile to motorola droidx ( cdma ) . ( droid2 does not work . ) this is a good time to set your ssid and encryption as well . done . you can now tether . in case you need to revert the changes we just made , here 's the original values : ( these are the same on a d2g and droid x ) 8041: 8091:
it is possible that your phone does not support the code . if you look at one of the comments in the askvg link you shared in the comment , one user says : LCD TEST Does not work for Galaxy S2 . however , another user replied that it is supported , but with a different code .
you could use widgetlocker and have a shortcut on your lockscreen to your camera . i have not personally tried this , but it should technically work .
with just the stock android experience , no . that is , until ice cream sandwich is released . that is not to say that oems have not added their own changes that do allow for launching the camera app without unlocking , or perhaps a clever developer making a change to the lockscreen .
there are apps in android market which provide an alternate lockscreen such as widgetlock or magiclocker ( free ) through which you could have direct access to camera from the lock screen . also with some custom rom 's based on cyanogenmod , you could add shortcuts to any app on the lock screen .
even if it would be doable , consider a few things making it extremely unlikely : in that early stage , the touchscreen is not yet initialized – so how would you input your pin/password/pattern to unlock the bootloader before firing up the custom recovery ? another risk introduced this way : if you break your display , you are effectively knocked-out : even if the problem described above could be worked around , that work-around would be rendered useless at this place . true , there are things like touch-based custom recoveries . so technically , that would be the place to make it possible : once the recovery is initialized , it could ask for a code to unlock before offering its real services . this might even include a " fallback mode " for a broken screen using e.g. shake-patterns ( accelerometer-based ) or nfc ( if applyable ) . but that is nothing we can solve here at this site : you will have to contact the resp . developers for this ( twrp and/or clockworkmod , to name two examples ) .
i think formatting is your last resort . sd cards do have a limited life , and only can perform so many read/writes before they give up the ghost . try to backup your sd card on your pc if you can . you could use an sd card reader . try your sd on another phone and see if it works . if it does , you know something with your phone is not right . use this opportunity to back up the sd ! try a different sd on your phone and see how that works . lastly , you could format the sd card and see if that helps , but you will permanently lose all data on it . if your rom has an sd-ext partition , your os will not boot . ( unlikely in this specific case , but worth noting for others . )
if you want to do the opposite , shutdown when charge , use this : " auto shutdown when no charge " https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.zerofactorial.probattle good for my car 's device and also had button broken
kernel is loaded at a later stage in the boot-up process , so any modifications to it would not have any effect for when the device is powered off . this functionality really depends on each device 's hardware , most likely in the bootloader ( more knowledgeable editors feel free to correct me . ) for example , my motorola atrix 4g phone begins booting up when i connect a charger , while my samsung galaxy tab does not - it displays the " battery charging " graphic and requires being powered on manually .
the battery charging graphic is displayed by /system/bin/playlpm file on samsung devices . if you are root , you can edit this file to #!/system/bin/sh /system/bin/reboot  be sure to add those permissions to the file chmod 0755/system/bin/playlpm chown root.shell /system/bin/playlpm  your device will now boot when plugged
i have found solution for my galaxy s4 . iet_demo is right . you should edit some file that creates battery animation when charger is connected . but in my case , file 's name was different . i searched through system/bin folder to find the file and i found it . its name is " lpm " . just edit that file . more info @ http://arduandro.wordpress.com/2014/07/03/autobootstart-android-when-charger-is-connected/
this app solves your problem : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=auto.boothl=en it is called auto boot - boot on charge this video explains its usage : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qydk_qpptvo enjoy !
check out this video . here you will find a feature that starts the os at a pre-defined time . we can replace that command with start-on-charger-connect . https://www.olimex.com/forum/index.php?topic=1091.0 check this link . it says you will have to edit the fex file . replace power_start = 1 and then build the new image . your device will start automatically .
i have a galaxy tab 4 i changed the lpm file . now the tab boots on charge , but in recovery mode ! ! any ideas ? automatically power on galaxy tab when the charger is connected
for some samsung devices , this can be accomplished through nomoarpowah ! : nomoarpowah ! can automatically reboot into android when charging is done . either when fully charged , or when the battery level reaches 15% and android has enough juice to run . you need root and you probably do not want to do it unless you really know what you are doing , since i would expect this to modify important system files .
as was said - this cannot be done . i am just putting this in an answer form . . . the reason being is that screenshots work by converting what is on the screen to an image - what is on the screen is pulled directly from the hardware . obviously , the screen does not know what is going to be displayed , a bit like we do not know exactly what is going to happen tomorrow ( unless you are psychic , but we will ignore that for this analogy ) . as such , there is no way to do this . what you could do however , is to take many screenshots , scrolling down a bit , and then use a graphics package to stick the two screenshots together - may not look nice , but it will have to do i am afraid .
as said , a simple screenshot cannot do this for the mentioned reasons . what you could , however , do , is a screencast -- which is easiest described as a video recording of your activities . airdroid is one of the apps offering this for free ( experimental , and root required ) . searching the playstore for " screencast " will show you additional candidates . however , root will be required to operate them . aside from that , and not requiring root , is to make a series of screenshots , as suggested by t0mm13b already , and then using an image editor to connect them .
they are most likely there , just you are not looking in the right label . outlook screws up your gmail folders/labels and causes very annoying gmail sync issues . that is why i quit using outlook with my gmail .
i have a similar problem and have been seeing similar issues over the past month or so . it appears that imap copy into inbox or other gmail labels no longer generates new mail events / notifications . i have tested with multiple folders ( including the inbox ) using both outlook 2010 and the latest versions of thunderbird setup for imap . i have found that android 's gmail app as well as gooogle 's gmail web interface only update / generate notifications when an email is received by the gmail servers . based on the above , the only conclusion i can come to is that google is no longer generating new mail events within the overall gmail environment when an imap email client copies messages into folders . i too wish they would . i was using outlook to copy email from an exchange account to a gmail label and received notification on my android device . this worked well for a long time ( a few years ? ) . edit : may 1st , 2013 since my post in march it appears that these notifications are now working . has been for a couple of weeks . seems like the problems were most likely issues with google servers . anyway . . . i no longer have this problem .
install fasterfix from the play store and follow the prompts .
sony xperia devices use a recovery-in-boot arrangement . while you can not simply flash a version of twrp or cwm , you can flash a kernel that includes what you need . for the xperia l , you can flash the phanton kernel , which includes cwm . there is no other way to do get cwm or twrp without flashing a new kernel .
if the computer and the phone are on the same network , than you can use adb via wifi . there is an app that makes it to turn it on/off : adbwireless after enabling it open a command prompt and execute : adb connect ip:5555 
unfortunately rooting your phone will not change a thing , as the problem is on the windows side . if windows does not have a way to communicate with the phone ( ie , a driver ) , then it does not matter if the phone has a different rom on it - the hardware is still the same . however , if you package your apps as apks you can upload them to the sd card and then click on them to install that way . in eclipse : right click on the project > android tools > export signed application package . follow the prompts and you are flying .
i do not know about scrolling smoothly , but if you tap the bottom of the screen as you are reading it automatically scrolls up or to the next page as appropriate .
i just received an email from the developer , don choi . citing it here in its entirety as an answer : the continuous scroll feature is in our big to-do list . it will eventually implemented later . we do not have a open forum . however , http://www.facebook.com/ezpdf is a good start . so more nifty things are on their way for this application .
screen shot of emulator : firstly start the emulator then go to the ddms please select the emulator then left side we have button screen capture click this button screen shot is taken .
you can do this with the secure settings plugin . parts of it require root , so i am not sure whether this will work if you are un-rooted . it works perfectly for me , but i am rooted .
have a look at this discussion . is your problem same as the one discussed here ? if so , google is working on a fix .
this is a feature of cdma ( standardized in is-95 ) and is called voice privacy . see an analysis of is-95 cdma voice privacy by m . zhang , et al . from 2000 , free download here citation ( the real paper begins at p . 10 in the pdf : abstract . the voice privacy of is-95 cdma cellular system is analyzed in this paper . by exploiting information redundancy on the downlink traffic channel , it is shown that an eavesdropper can recover the voice privacy mask after eavesdropping the transmission on the downlink traf- fic channel for about one second . thus , is-95 cdma voice privacy is vulnerable under ciphertext-only attacks . that cryptanalysis is now 12 years old and already then was the scheme considered broken . i guess it is easy to suggest to just leave the setting disabled . by combining some information grepped from the android source , i am pretty sure it is what you are asking for . to make it a little more transparent here are some source references : packages/apps/phone/res/xml/cdma_call_privacy . xml defines : packages/apps/phone/res/values/strings . xml defines those strings : . /hardware/ril/include/telephony/ril . h defines also :
from the my htc evo 3d book : touch to enable voice privacy , which makes your evo 3d encrypt your phone calls . what is voice privacy ? when you enable voice privacy , your evo 3d starts encrypting your calls so nobody can eavesdrop on them . . . . by encrypting your phone calls between your evo 3d and the cell tower , you add an extra layer of protection on your calls just in case someone wants to try to listen in . for this feature to work , your cellular service provider must support it , otherwise enabling it on your evo 3d is useless .
voice privacy is something that is part of cdma . i found this article that talks a little bit about it in the introduction . voice privacy of is-95 cdma is provided by means of the long code mask . the long code mask is not transmitted through any channel , it is constructedby the base station and the mobile station . to recover the long code sequence , the eavesdropper may exhaustively search the 42-bit long code mask , with atime complexity of o ( 2 42 ) . this attack is viable but is hard to implement inreal time . alternatively , it can be shown that the long code sequence can also be recovered if the eavesdropper can obtain 42 bits of plaintext-ciphertext pairs . as there are many mobile stations transmitting simultaneously on the tra cchannel and each mobile station only transmits approximately 3 minutes onthe average , it is rather di cult to obtain 42 bits of the plaintext message . i have also found a couple posts that talk about how sprint did studies that said it is not really any more secure , unless your eavesdropper has tons of money to spend on decrypting your call . actually , voice privacy on cdma is an added layer of voice encryption . sprint did some independent research ( i have heard quotes as big as a million dollars worth ) and determined that cdma without voice privacy is just as secure ( unless you have got a million dollars worth of financing to break into an individual phone call ) . . . in other words , turn the feature off , and do not worry about it .
mine too . i got this behavior to change by doing the following : open the gmail app . in the menu , select " settings " select your gmail account . select " sound and vibrate " set the sound to " silent " , and the vibrate to " never " this fixed it for me . my guess is that it is a bug or poor design ( the sound option seems to override the vibrate option ) .
the serval mesh may accomplish what you are after . it allows mobile to mobile communication simply using the technology available in phones themselves . also see this question/answer . note the technology is currently in its infancy and still has many bugs/kinks to work out but the direction is promising .
yes : ) use bluefi phone or walkie talkie wifi / bt i used bluefi phone . this applications gives you the facility to call another android phone which has already installed this application and within your bluetooth range or same wifi network . you have to add the device which you want to make the call and call directly to this android phone without any internet connections . i think this will fulfills your needs .
while i have not tried to use my phone like this myself , i found the question interesting enough to do a little googling . the best search term seemed to be android wifi|bluetooth walkie talkie . the most promising free candidate i found looks to be android intercom - direct phone to phone communication over wifi or bt without an intermediary server or telco . the most promising paid for app seems to be wifi talkie .
short answer , you cannot , themeing features are specific to cyanogenmod , and if attempting to apply this on top of a stock rom , will either result in force closes , or boot-loops . you cannot have it both ways . go down the cyanogenmod route and then the themeing will work , or forget about it .
you cannot . the cyanogen theming engine is specific to cm and derivative roms . samsung stock roms have touchwiz ui , which is a proprietary layer . theming cm to look like touchwiz , or creating mashups would be easier because of cm 's open nature . some carriers might give packs , like sprint ( source ) . you can install a different launcher and install themes on it , of course . go launcher , for one , has many themes .
it is originally part of the t-mobile theme engine , which is open source so you can implement in other roms , but you will need a rom that has it built in http://code.google.com/p/android-theme/wiki/tmobilethemeengine
sorry to say this but this facility is not there . . ! !
if you keep using the google voice app for texting , it does not matter if you activate sms via hangouts . however , any texts you send out of hangouts will go through your verizon number , incurring carrier charges . if you are running cyanogenmod 11 rom , you may want to look into voice+ . it is a custom app that allows you to pipe all " regular " sms through google voice , from any app such as hangouts , messaging , handcent , whatsapp , etc . it is still in beta ( as is the entire cm11 ) but works quite well for keeping all the messaging together in a single app . when hangouts got ability to send/receive sms last year , google promised that they will eventually merge google voice functionality into it , thus making it a single app . this looks to be slowly happening behind the curtains . in the latest hangouts v2.1 update , bits and pieces pointing to google voice integration started showing up . we will most likely hear more about this in the upcoming google i/o developers conference this coming summer .
yes , of course it could be because you have a custom rom on your phone . most likely the rom has a buggy or poorly integrated touchscreen driver . drivers in custom roms often do not perform correctly , especially in unofficial or pre-release builds , and especially with non-essential functionality like light sensors .
i got an update from htc tech support on this one . tl ; dr search for a software update and you should hopefully find 1.29 . once this is installed you will be able to connect again fine . quoted below dear david , thank you for your patience . i would recommend backing up your data and performing a factory reset , to do this please follow these steps : if your phone is tied to a google account , your contacts , calendar events , downloaded apps , wireless settings can be backed up , if you have entered your google account details in the initial set-up screens . please go to , menu , settings , accounts and sync , tap on your google account , then tap ' sync now ' you will see some spinning circular arrows for a short while , this just means your data is being saved to google . when the arrows have finished spinning , the data has been backed-up ( double check this ) . or back up your contacts to the s . d card ( for android 2.1 or later ) by following these steps ; from the home screen tap all applications . scroll to and tap people . tap menu . tap import/export . tap export to sd card . select which contact group to export ( phone , google , sim etc . ) . tap ok . available from the android market is a free application to enable you to back up your sms messages if desired . now your phone is backed up we can perform the hard reset , all data will be lost that is not backed up on your s . d/sim cards or online will be lost . hard reset on android from the home screen , press the menu key> tap settings> tap sd and phone storage> tap factory data reset> tap reset phone . the reason i have asked you to do this is because though it may seem a bit extreme this is the best method for dealing with your problem . once this has been done please manually search for an update . i did not actually do the reset , i simply searched for software updates and found the new update , installed it and all was well . i would recommend this first before you wipe your phone !
yes you can simply turn off/reduce your volume to 0 for the notifications and only keep the ringer volume as required . you can do this under settings> sounds ( as you have not specified any os details or the device make or model i can only give you a common answer )
i had this problem too . it was not related to any driver on the pc as it worked and stopped working at some point . the problem was on the android phone which for some reasons had some configuration problems . to solve that , dial *#7284# on your phone so that it launches the phoneutil application . then , switch to the usb -> pda mode on the phone . connect the usb cable ( toggle usb -> modem and then usb -> pda modes if it does not work the first time ) the details are explained in : how to repair the usb connection problem on android samsung phones
i have solved the problem in a direct way . i have restored the phone to the factory state , and it worked . and i am convinced it is because of z4root ! i have tried the second time and the result was the same . be careful when you root the galaxy 3 samsung i5800 with z4root .
make sure your device is not connected to your pc . uninstall any drivers you currently have installed for it . reboot . install the appropriate drivers from this xda post ( supports more than galaxy s ) . install kies from samsung.com's galaxy 3 page . connect your device to your pc . this should work , but please note that when you root your phone you do so at your own risk . samsung does not support rooting .
if i understand you correctly , this link might be what you are looking for . to summarize : 1 ) run adb devices to make sure your device is attached . 2 ) run adb pull /data/app ./ to grab all the app apks and put them in the current folder . a ) or run adb pull /system/sd/app ./ to get apps on the sd card . 3 ) settings are located in various places , so find out where and then use the same adb pull command to grab them . and then the link details how to restore based on mac or windows . alternatively , it looks like the bmgr command you mentioned would also work with a few simple commands ( adb shell bmgr backup &lt;package&gt; to backup and adb shell bmgr restore &lt;package&gt; to restore ) . what more are you looking for ?
i had the same issue and am also pre-ics . what i did to work around it was used an ls of / and awk ( with grep to skip links ) to create a batch file that pulls each actual directory onto a directory on my pc .
make sure debugging is enabled and the device is connected . also , remember to actually select the " backup my data " button on the device itself ( the device requires confirmation ) . if you do not see such a screen on your device , you are quite possibly running a pre-ics ( &lt ; 4.0 ) phone , which will unfortunately will not have the feature . also , bmgr is not a solution for this- it is a tool for testing apps that handle their own backups using the backup api by manually firing the " backup " and " restore " methods on the backup agent in the application , not shelling into the device and copying data to/from the development machine .
here is my command for backing things up list all files ignore links for files : output an adb pull command directories : make the dir ( in case we pull sth empty ) and output an adb pull command execute everything in bash there are some files where i get a permission denied - but as this backup is made in order to root the device , i can not get more permissions : (
make sure to run the sdk update and specifically check the box for google usb drivers and update the sdk . after enabling usb debugging on your device and plugging into your pc , you should get a prompt about installing drivers . even if its successful open device manager and find your phone , right click and update drivers and point it to the google usb driver folder in the SDK &gt; Extras &gt; Google USB and let it update the drivers . then you should be able to pull full backups off your device .
problem is probably due to more than one device/emulator connected . check adb devices if it shows more than one device then it might not be able to connect specialy to emulators . run adb usb it will restart other devices , then disconnect/reconncet usb cable , now run adb devices it should show only one device . now do adb backup -all and you should be good to go : )
just a thought based on what i experienced . i saw icons disappearing on an android tablet , when i move the apps to sd card or apps installed on sd card instead of internal default flash memory . are these apps installed on an external sd card ? if the sd card is not initialized when the home screen becomes active , they may not be available .
a complete article on vpn on htc desire is present on the htc europe portal . hope this will help you out . connecting to a virtual private network ( vpn ) from your phone , you can add , set up , and manage virtual private networks ( vpns ) that allow you to connect and access resources inside a secured local network , such as your corporate network . depending on the type of vpn you are using at work , you may be required to enter your login credentials and/or install security certificates before you can connect to your company’s local network . you can get this information from your network administrator . also , your phone must first establish a wi-fi or data connection before you can initiate a vpn connection . for information about setting up and using these connections on your phone , see data connection and wi-fi . setting up secure credential storage if your network administrator instructs you to download and install security certificates , you must first set up the phone’s secure credential storage . from the home screen , press menu , tap settings > security , and then tap set password . enter a new password for the credential storage ( at least 8 characters without any spaces ) . scroll down and confirm the password , and then tap ok . select the use secure credentials check box . you can then download and install the certificates needed to access your local network your network administrator can tell you how to do this . adding a vpn connection from the home screen , press menu , tap settings > wireless and networks > vpn settings . tap add vpn , and then tap the type of vpn you want to add . tap the vpn settings and set them up according to the security details you obtained from your network administrator . press menu , and then tap save . the vpn is then added to the vpns section of the vpn settings screen . connecting to a vpn from the home screen , press menu , tap settings > wireless and networks > vpn settings . in the vpns section , tap the vpn that you want to connect to . when prompted , enter your log in credentials , and then tap connect . when you are connected , the vpn connected icon appears in the notification area of the title bar . you can then open the web browser to access resources such as intranet sites on your corporate network . disconnecting from a vpn press and hold the title bar , and then slide down your finger to open the notifications panel . tap the vpn connection to return to the vpn settings screen , and then tap the vpn connection to disconnect from it . when your phone has disconnected from the vpn , the vpn disconnected icon is displayed in the notification area of the title bar .
its nice , u have solved the issue , i got some useful hints when i faced the same trouble while debugging htc , i was unable to set well wifi due to wrong vpn configs and these were the steps that i followed to set well a new connection , tap the home icon , tap menu , and tap settings . tap wireless and networks . tap vpn settings tap add vpn select the type of vpn to add ( pptp , l2tp , l2tp/ipsec psk vpn , l2tp/ipsec crt vp ) enter vpn details such as vpn name , vpn server , etc setting up vpn well and debugging android os solved the issue . . this is original source where these steps to be found . . . . htc vpn setup thnx
after updating my phone to htc official desire 2.3.3 dev rom , it works . so it looks like there is a bug fixed by android or htc rom in 2.3.3 .
i had the same issue for awhile running bugless beast rom on my droid and i could not get rid of it and finally gave up . then one day i moved to cyanogenmod 6 ( wiped , etc ) and the problem stopped . wish i could give an easy answer , but , for me , it did not go away until a wiped everything and started over with a new rom .
how many internal space do you have ( check on Settings &gt; SD card &amp; phone storage settings &gt; Internal phone storage &gt; Available Space ) ? make sure to leave at least 15-20 mb of internal space ( probably larger if you have a large number of large apps ) so you can safely update apps . if you have little internal memory left , then updates will fail and " update all " will fail en masse . the solution is to update the apps one by one , or to clear up some space in the internal memory . i never had problems with updating apps installed in sd card except when my phone 's internal memory reaches about 5-10 mb .
i asked a similar question a few months ago . unmounting the sd card and updating seemed to resolve the problem in the short term , but i also get the error every so often when attempting to install updates . i am not sure what actually causes the problem to occur , but in the meantime i am installing apps onto my sd card and when i get an installation/update unsuccessful , i move it to internal storage . most of my apps reside just fine on my sd card , so it has not been a big deal . i do sympathize with how annoying it is , though . best of luck finding a more long-term answer .
whatsapp checks if there is a sim card installed at the time of boot . so as long as you have a sim card installed , it should not be a problem to your whatsapp account ( the old one ) i have switched sim cards and it has not affected my whatsapp account . the problem of verification arises when you boot your phone without a sim card .
you could move your phone number to your new sim card and just type it in whatsapp , i did that . whatsapp will ask you for your phone number and once you type it in it should let you log in without a problem . ( it worked for me ) .
at first , i thought this was most likely an instance of android cloud to device messaging , but it can not be : whatsapp does not declare the necessary permissions , and it works in eclair ( android 2.1 ) , while cloud to device messaging ( and its replacement , google cloud messaging ) require at least froyo ( android 2.2 ) . however , it is most likely some sort of push notification service . it is impossible to say exactly how it is implemented without access to whatsapp 's source code . the part about it being able to receive messages when not in use is relatively easy to explain , though . the app almost certainly has a service which runs in the background to check in with the server periodically ( or receive the server push , or whatever it does ) . when you receive a message , the service pops up a notification . as for the question as to how the server could do a push , here 's a possibility ( again , i can not verify without source code ) : whatsapp starts and opens two sockets : one to listen on and one to send a message to the server . whatsapps starts listening on the first socket . whatsapp sends a message containing your phone number and the port of the listening socket to the server and waits for an acknowledgement . the server records the phone and port numbers in the message and the ip address that the message came from . the server sends an acknowledgement to the app . the app receives the acknowledgement and closes the message socket . a message with your phone number as the destination comes into the server . the server uses the ip address and port number it has associated with your phone number and uses that information to push the message to your phone . for this to work , the app would need to monitor the state of the network connection and reset the listening socket / resend the registration message when necessary ( if the ip address changes , for example ) .
i am certainly sure that whatsapp does not open any listening ports . most isps block incoming requests , that would not work . whatsapp has a service . basically that means that technically you never quit whatsapp . so , the way you receive messages while you are " not running " whatsapp is the exact same way you receive them when you are running it . the client , in this case whatsapp , connects to the server . the client maintains that connection . when the server has something new to say , it sends it to the client via that connection , and that is all . your first guess is correct . whatsapp has no true log out mechanism , see this . whatsapp does not have a logout mechanism . the application is designed to always be connected so that you receive your messages quickly , even when you are not actively using your phone . this is similar to how sms works and allows whatsapp messages to be delivered almost instantly .
their faq suggests they use gcm . check the answer to " are messages still taking too long to reach your phone ? "
ics has ipv6 support , but only on mobile data networks ; it is somewhere between buggy and nonfunctional on wi-fi . issue 3389 lists a wide variety of android ipv6 bugs . your issue is probably among them . i have been using ipv6 successfully on my verizon droid razr maxx since i got it almost a year ago , on ics . works great on 4g lte . no idea what jelly bean does on wi-fi since i have not gotten around to redoing my home network to bring ipv6 into every subnet yet . . . when i do , i will be sure to update this .
according to this post , com.sonyericsson.usbux is enhancedusbux.apk app , which handles usb support . com.sonyericsson.capabilities belongs to DefaultCapabilities.apk app , but i have not been able to find anything about its functionality , other than a cryptic " hardware capabilities " description .
all android apps on the google play store have a list of permissions they use which includes the use of the camera . it is tedious to look through the permissions of each app manually from the play store . instead try using an app that lists the app permissions and list apps using the camera/microphone permissions . eg . permissions observatory ( i have no connections with this app , i found it randomly , and i do not use it )
this may help go to setting : 1 . sound 2 . default notification sound ( none ) . choose the none option !
i am able to receive reset links despite having logged in today , yesterday and pretty much every day . however you should be able to access your account on your phone ( as it will use your login details to sign in to chrome ) then use that to add your phone number to your account . then pick reset my password with my phone which will send an sms to your phone .
this turned out to actually be a network provider problem ( in my case : simplemobile in the us ) and the fix is incredibly simple : remove the proxy server from the apn and everything works . the final hint i needed was the google now error message , googling that took me to this thread on xda-developers . i have no explanation for why ' clear data ' fixed the issue for a few minutes and why this did not occur when tethering the tablet through the phone ( maybe a cached server connection somehow ? ) . it does however explain why the problem occured again when putting the sim card into the tablet ( the apn comes with the problematic proxy as a preset ) , and that should have tipped me off , i guess .
try downloading via wifi . i had this issue recently , same phone . tried a few times ; both on pc and on the device itself each failed . i realized wifi was off ( mobile data only ) . i turned wifi on and the file downloaded first go .
log into google play store ( via browser ) scroll to the bottom of the page and locate " my orders and settings " click on the settings tab assign a " nickname " to your phone check " shown in menus " save settings return to the play store and download apps . this worked for me .
i never did find out which version of heimdall to use with either device , but settled on using odin3 v1.85 with my s2 ( did not work with an s3 , after all ) . if you have the at and t skyrocket version of the s2 , a great place to start looking is : [ howto ] the ultimate newb guide > | install cwm/twrp | root | unroot |the skyrocket
the ' haifa ( current ) ' display is the weather at the position your phone thinks it is currently located at . in other words , the ' current ' refers to current position . the other ' haifa ' display is the weather at the extra city location that you have set up . the displays show different weather because the specific locations used by your phone within haifa are presumably different , even though they are both within haifa .
most probably , street view imagery is not available for your location ( yet ) . cross check the web version with any pc for the same location that does not work on your phone check a well-supported street view location such as google hq on your phone
check the tables of supported countries on wikipedia . most likely , street view is not yet available where you live .
it may take a couple of second for the street view button to become enabled . just leave the button for up to half a minute ?
i recommend reading up the nookdevs wiki , and specifically the section about rooting . it is a very straight-forward process that is completely reversible . to answer your questions : if the rooting process fails , you can always boot from the sd card and start over . there is an official b and n 1.1 stock image floating around that can be used to bring your nook color back to its original state at any time . you can run a custom rom entirely off the sd card . the nc will run a bit slower ( depends on the speed of the sd card ) , but you will be able to retain the original firmware . just remove the card and it will boot normally . you can install a custom rom onto the internal memory , overwriting the stock image . the nook will run faster this way . there are also ways to re-map the internal partitions and set up dual-boot , so that you could run both original firmware and a custom rom from internal memory . a prompt during power-up will allow you to select which rom to boot into .
the root process should not fail . there is a thing called " auto nootering " which will automatically do the rooting for you . they have been keeping it up to date with each update coming out for the device from b and n . if the device reboots 8 times in a row , it will reset itself to factory settings . you can find more info here . you need a microsd card to root the device . basically , you put an image onto the sd card , then turn on the nook and it boots that image and enables root access . you then remove the sd card and re-format it ( because the image previously will give it a small partition , additionally you do not want it to boot it again after you have already done it once ) . the nook color is setup that it will boot up off of the sd card before it will boot off of the internal memory ( hence why this rooting process works ) . you can therefore have a dual boot with the stock rom plus another rom on the sd card ( nookie froyo , cyanogenmod7 , or the honeycomb rom ) . this way you experiment with roms and not mess up your stock image . however , it is loading these from the sd card , therefore it will be a bit slower than if it was running off the internal memory of the device . but you can also flash these roms to the internal memory as well .
i am not sure i entirely understood the scenario you are describing , but a similar function to right-click-> bookmark on android would be to do a long press on the link , then choose bookmark link . this should bookmark the link as it exists on the page , regardless of where it eventually sends you .
i do not see a " bookmark link " option on 3.1 honeycomb 's browser . an alternative would be to : copy the url link by long pressing the link you need to bookmark and choose " copy link url " create a new bookmark by clicking on the star on the location bar on any page replace the label and location in the new bookmark options with the url you just copied and the title of the page you need to bookmark
you can side-load any android app provided you have the apk . however , by default these phones do not come pre-installed with google 's core applications like the play store . but you can " hack " the devices and install google apps . needless to say it will void warranty and root access is required . there is this guide in xda forums that should help people install google services on their nokia x device .
a known issue with running 2 avs is that they will consider each other as a potential virus . this has to do with the behaviour of these programs . they scan directories , perform root-operations ( if you have installed the av on a rooted device ) , and so on . this is true on any system , not only mobile devices . you can in most cases run an av together with an anti-malware product . i do say in most cases . as mentioned by karan , there is no real need for av software as long as you only run google play / appstore apps and you do not download any rubbish from sites you visit . do keep in mind that there are some dangerous apps on google play . i am an android user myself , definitly no ifanboy , and i must admit not all play apps are safe . so always check the permissions and intentions of an app before installing it . i myself have avast ! mobile security on my tablet . this is because i run some off-the-market apps . ms also allows me to protect some apps with a pincode , such as my email apps . i do not think running an av is a waste of resources , but if you handle your device with care , there is no real need for one .
no . i will even go to the extent of saying using an antivirus is of no use if you only install apps from google play . but if you install apps from third party sources ( i.e. apks , etc . ) , using an antivirus might actually make sense . but using 2 avs does not make sense in any scenario imho .
i suppose " prefixer " ( written by "253°below" ) or another app " prefixer " can make the job of cutting the "+" symbols from the numbers ' beginnings . however you will need to switch the prefixer off to make the regular gsm calls . else you can let the prefixer do a smarter job by cutting pluses only from the numbers which look like "+123 . . . . . " transforming them into "123 . . . . . " . also there is an application which automatically transforms all the local ( short ) numbers in the address book into one standard by adding country codes and area codes . its name is " contacts clean-up " . it might do a portion of the required job , too .
thanks @rossc and @filoxo for your comments . adding these as answer : if you are rooted there is an option in titanium backup pro to remove anything from the dalvik cache not linked to an app . this orphan data suggests that data may remain in the cache after the app is no longer using it or even uninstalled . there is also nothing wrong with periodically wiping your device 's dalvik cache using a custom recover like twrp . it might take a little bit longer to start up some apps , but that would be almost unnoticeable on most modern devices .
if you know what you are doing , rooting and flashing a custom rom can help . rooting it will allow you to delete some " system " apps that you do not need , and give you access to more control over your cpu , and some roms have ways to help save battery . my sister was forced to get a droid 2 global after two faulty replacements of her original droid 1 which she loved , and she hated the global . had problems with battery and the way it was set up and everything . so i rooted it for her and flashed a new rom , and she got an extended battery ( very useful suggestion ) , and now she loves it . but as rooting voids your warranty , i would not try it if you do not need to or do not know exactly what you are doing .
yes , because you need to have root in order to install a recovery ; which you will , in turn , use to flash cyanogenmod .
it worked by just doing sh /mnt/sdcard/touch.sh &amp; after having started a shell with adb shell . then , when i closed the terminal forcibly while the process was in the background , the process remained running in the background of my phone as expected . i was able to kill the process later by getting with adb shell the using ps to find the process id and kill -s KILL &lt;ID&gt; to kill it . basically , turns out i did not have to make an android app just to make my script run in the background . clash on . . .
this is only a partial answer to my question , so i will not mark it as accepted just yet . if you go to messages / menu button / settings / notification settings there should be a setting called " preview message " . uncheck this and text messages will not show up in your lock screen . i have not figured out how to do this for calls though .
new skype version has excellent video call quality . the official version does not support video on galaxy s yet , though . so you need to install the hacked version ( check here ) . i have been using it on my samsung galaxy s and it rocks .
there are a few different options for video calling . i do not know how many of them will support the options you want , but i will try to specify their uses as best i can . the new version of google talk it supports video calling and handles it well . you have to call from within the app though , i do not believe there is built in platform support for calling from call logs . fring this is a widely used , multi-platform video chat app that has many options , and i know it allows you to remove your self image , group chat , and it pulls from your contact list to give you a list of other fring users . on occasion , it has worked with skype ( mobile-to-desktop ) , but in my experience , this has been spotty . qik the advantage to qik is it is incredible online support . it has been improved greatly since it is introduction to the mobile market . tango this got the last spot because it is personally my least favorite . you can only call to other devices using tango , which i find extremely limiting , but it is the same scenario for qik , so it'll have to be dealt with . it has very positive reactions from users though , so it is worth a look . i hope this helps you get a jump start on finding a solution to what you want . take a test run with one or a few of these and let us know what works best for you !
for #3 , tap the caller image in the log , and select the second shortcut for video call . if i remember correctly , this has been available since froyo ( 2.2 ) , but i am not sure ( running darky 's rom 10.1 , which is 2.3.3 ) .
galaxy tab 2 is not bootloader-locked . you can directly flash the images . just write the partition name and drag the file in command-line using heimdall .
you are trying to root/flash a custom rom to a verizon gt2 but i see gt2 3100 in the code . you are not using the correct odin files . i am no expert but i know the verizon tab is different from the wifi tab . luckily you did not lock it up .
mx video player supports quite a number of video extensions namely . 3gp . avi . divx . f4v . flv . mkv . mp4 . mpeg . mov . vob . wmv . webm . xvid and many more but it will require you to install this codecs for gt-i5503 ( you will be auto prompted after you install the player but in case not , use the link ) . you will not need to convert videos anymore .
i highly recommend handbrake video converter . it can convert all common video formats to mp4 , mkv that the samsung video player supports . choose the ipod profile which is supported by most phones or you could also create your own profile . i always use handbrake to convert videos for my galaxy ace . the samsung gt-i5503 shares many similarities with the galaxy ace and as samsung is using the same layer of software on top of android ( touchwiz with all the apps such as music , video etc . . ) the same settings should work for your phone .
on a rooted phone with super user terminal client like rom toolbox lite ( from play store ) you can check connected clients using netstat netstat -ntu | grep ESTAB | awk '{print $5}' | cut -d: -f1 | sort | uniq -c | sort -nr  checks on established connections instead of all connections , and displays the connections count for each ip .
read this : androidforums . the directory structure has been restructured in jelly bean . the internal memory resides at /data/media/0 , hence the sdcard0 name . sd cards are now known as external sd cards and get the name sdcard1 since android 4.1 . if you want to move apps to your external sd card , i am afraid you will have to root . if you do decide to root however , foldermount and link2sd work really well .
if you want to use the internet connection your android device provides to access the internet when working on your laptop , this is called tethering ( this wikipedia article gives you closer information ) . the followint q and a gives you some closer information on this topic : use 3g connection on my android in ubuntu though the title mentions ubuntu , the solution provided there explicitly states to also support fedora -- and it should work via usb cable . starting with froyo ( android 2.2 ) , your device can also directly act as a wifi hotspot ( just check in the setup under wireless and networks ) -- which of course requires your laptop to support wifi ( but which laptop does not ? ) . when running into trouble with this , you might want to check this q and a : tethering an android 2.2.1 ( froyo ) using wifi if your question is rather the other way around : your laptop having internet , and you want to use that connection from your android , this is called reverse tethering . in this case check : connect android device as wifi adapter to a pc to create an ad-hoc network more on reverse tethering you can find checking the questions tagged reverse-tether .
there are two methods you can use to adjust the vibration duration : system configuration tap your device " home " button ; tap your device " menu " button ; tap " settings" ; tap " sound" ; use " vibration intensity " to adjust the duration . this may not be available for all devices/android versions custom application there are a few applications available from google play store that you can use to adjust vibration timers . vibration notifier by j4velin allows you to set a vibrate interval and additionally alows you to specify the duration of each vibration : let your device vibrate every x min . when you missed a call / received an email
change your wifi network name . use at least wpa2 encryption ( and a long password with numbers and letters ) . do not broadcast the network name ( i.e. . make it a hidden network ) . apply mac filtering . also , do not forget to change passwords of all your accounts . changing isp has nothing to do with your problem . this sounds more like a trolling neighbor . consider contacting the police too . .
change your wifi password . even better , hide the access point and use mac address filtering . factory reset your nexus 7 . if it was rooted , restore from the factory image available at google 's website . delete all the profiles in your desktop browsers and use new ones . this is to prevent the history from syncing with the stalker .
if you would like something on your screen in addition to the notification in your notification bar , i would suggest using something like gosms with widgetlocker . if i am correct in your understanding , this will do what you want : set up widgetlocker to be your unlock screen and then place a gosms messaging widget on your lock screen , so you can read the messages immediately . i do not know if this is what you are looking for , but i hope it helps !
if there is a way to build a custom rom , xda is the place to go . for example : if i would like to build an custom rom for my kindle fire , i would browse the kindle fire android development forum and search for an thread that explains this . there is a meta post , which points to some guides . to sum up : if you want to build your own rom , look at the according xda forums . if there is no information/thread about it , it is likely that no one has done it before or/and it will not be easy .
no , there is no setting for the sensitivity . the touchscreen controller already filters the input it gets from the screen itself , so probably you would not be able to filter out the faulty touches without also filtering out real touches . what you describe sounds like a hardware problem . i would recommend giving the screen a wipe with a damp , soapy cloth , then a rinse with a damp cloth , then drying it . it might or might not improve matters , but it is worth a try . if that does not help , you probably need to replace the screen completely .
your problem touches a feature of android that sets it apart from other mobile oses and is a very powerful one ( see below ) : that is all about intents , activities and the back stack that contains your path of visited activities in order for each app . basically an activity is a single gui fullscreen window you see , for example the main activity when you launch an app . if you navigate away from that , lets say to the settings view , the now inactive main view is put on the back stack and so forth . however : this whole behaviour has many switches that are solely customizable by the app developers . see this link for the basic information on those things : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/fundamentals/tasks-and-back-stack.html regarding your specific problem : it might be a difference if the browser was ( 1 ) already open , ( 2 ) had an active twitter tab running ( that got reactivated ) and so forth . try some of these combinations ( use ' force stop ' in the app settings to end browser instances and have an/no open twitter tab in the browser active beforehand ) , and you will find : if you have opened the max of four windows in your browser , then opening an url from the twitter app will " re-use " one of them . if you hit back in that browser window it will first go all the way back up the history , one history item at a time . once the history is empty , hitting the back button once more will send you back to the twitter app . if you had not opened the max of four windows in your browser , then opening an url from the twitter app will create a new browser window . if you hit back in that browser window the history for that window will already be empty , and you will directly go back to the twitter app . some more information : the unique system are android 's intents . new views are launched by an intent that , for example says ' open this file in a file view ' or ' select a picture in a gallery viewer ' or ' authenticate a my app with facebook ' and so forth . without saying which other app should handle it . you see this when you get a choice menu asking you to select a specific browser ( native/chrome/dolphin/opera ) or one of many file explorers you might have installed . this one of the very powerful android features . apple 's ios is very different to that , apps can not interact with others so closely and facebook integration had to be done in ios6 the hard way for that reason ( directly integrated into ios ) .
not a dev , but here 's my best stab at an explanation as i understand it ( assuming i have understood your question ) . hopefully i am not too far off the mark . . . all the ' rooted ' roms i have used manage root access user the superuser application - i.e. when you start an app that wants to run with superuser privileges , the superuser application will prompt the user to grant the ' root ' application these permissions . the superuser application then maintains a white-list of apps that have been granted these permissions . this is the same for console emulators , etc , so you grant access to the console application - you do not need to enter a password within the emulator . i do not think you need to worry about the root password for this . with regards to hidden apis - i do not think they are " hidden " as such , as the android os is open sourced in the first place .
the problem with a rooted android is the same as anything running a *nix os with a root password unset/null . . . . any user can type " su " and gain root level ( superuser/full administrative permissions ) access to the entire system without providing a password . put bluntly , you have a totaly unprotected system . as far as i have been able to find , the closest thing that gets android at least close to proper root protection is busybox that has been compiled with /etc/passwd and /etc/shadow support . but once you get this installed and working correctly , you would need to identify every program that needs root level permission and you would have to change the ownership to root and set the suid bit on the file ( chown {file_name} root:root ; chmod 4755 {file_name} ) . . . . the way the android os is currently designed makes it a single user oriented os that is protected by 1 . not allowing anyone root access and 2 . make all the system critical files read only . for the people that are *nix savy , this sucks . . . for the people that basically have no clue , this protects the system and the other people that your system could negatively impact due to ignorance ( like getting infected with a spam bot installed with root level access on your device because you did not protect the root account with a proper password . . . ) .
root in linux ( or any unix-like system ) is just the user with user id 0 . the su program ( which actually stands for " switch user " , not " super user" ) is just a program to start another program with a different user id than the starting program ( by default to uid 0 , which is to user root ) . android does not use the traditional /etc/passwd , however it still uses linux user id and group id for managing permissions . if you want to intercept su requests so you can ask for password or enforce other rules , you will need to replace /sbin/su with your own version of su . alternative approach is the one described here : http://www.koushikdutta.com/2008/11/fixing-su-security-hole-on-modified.html though that will require applications to cooperate by firing an intent when they want to switch user . android security framework is more or less like this : each installed application runs on its own user id ( selected at installation time ) , and application permissions is implemented as user groups . can i change the root password after rooting my android device by simply typing " passwd " ? android does not use /etc/passwd so it also does not have passwd program . how is the rooting process working ? i mean what is the " one click root " apps doing to my phone ? i am not quire sure with the exact process myself , you probably want to ask to rooting developers . however , my guess is it just reverts the security check that originally prevent developer from setuid 0 . and im a developer , so how can i find hidden apis ( like ios ) for rooted app development ? since android is open source , there is no truly hidden api in android . however , there are some unpublicized or undocumented apis , you can browse for this in android 's source code . however , these apis are not about root developments , they are usually in-development apis that are not ready yet or is too localized for specific purpose that is not useful for public developer ( or perhaps google just have not realized their usefulness yet ) . you are not restricted from using these apis , but since these are not an officially supported apis , they may disappear or break backward compatibilities in the future . if you need to use these apis make sure your app breaks gracefully .
the notification appears to be coming from apps installed from the firefox marketplace on firefox for android . these apps can be found by opening the menu in firefox and going to tools > apps .
i have been having the same problem . it is my understanding that as of now that is the default text message vibration and can not be changed
as was already pointed out in a number of answers as well as in the comments , one does not need to download/install separate usb drivers for your android device ; they are already compiled into the kernel . however , you do have to tell your linux system what device you want it to treat as such ( udev rules in /etc/udev/rules.d/ directory ) . take a look at the android developer site
if you can add an app to a restricted profile , but it will not work in a restricted profile , that is a bug in the app . only the developer of the app can fix it : you should report the problem to them through their official support channel so that they can fix it .
it turned out that backing up , reformatting the internal drive and restoring the backup . after doing that , i also copied the internal partitions from another reader and the problem is solved . i suspect that it is the formatting which solved the problem but am not sure . procedure in this forum post .
finding out where it is stored is easy . there is a terrific little app called diskusage that visualizes the space your folders take up . you can easily spot where the music cache is . as for moving to a new rom . based eldarerathis ' answer to your previous question , you should be able to make a backup of play music 's music . db either from a terminal or using an app like titanium backup . restoring this file on the new rom should make cached music show up .
i do not know what of these features it has , but handcent sms is worth a try , everyone seems to like it . i believe they have a trial version .
handcent sms does indeed have this feature - click settings > notification settings > popup settings - check the smart links option . that will make urls / numbers and addresses clickable . handcent shows the username if that user 's contact details are present in your address book ( contacts ) , however it does not show the name instead of a number in a message , only in the message list .
z4root added an " unroot " button in version 1.2 . version 1.3 added " force unroot " ( not entirely sure what that means ) . you can grab the most recent version from the xda thread , then you should be able to simply hit " unroot " and be on your way .
you cannot update inbuilt browser even though your phone is rooted . anyway you have some other good alternative browsers in market like dolphin , opera .
i am not sure if the browser can be updated , even with root . the best thing is to root your device and install a better rom , if you are stuck on an old android version and unhappy with the browser .
on this forum someone mentioned the following : i just called samsung technical support . google voice has a problem with their server in the mean time you can disable voice command under settings - applications - all - voice command click that then click disable . was told the message will stop popping up . tech # 1800-762-7864 i did notice the same problem on my sgs2 yesterday but i have not seen any error messages since yesterday evening so i suspect the issue has been resolved by either samsung or google .
i was getting this error constantly today , so i went to Settings &rarr ; Applications &rarr ; All &rarr ; Voice Command . from there i clicked Force Stop &rarr ; OK then Clear Data &rarr ; OK . then i relaunched the voice command by tapping the microphone button on my google search widget . the voice command worked perfectly , and i have not seen the error message in about an hour .
for now , you can disable voice commands from Settings-&gt;Applications . i am sure it is a samsung server issue .
this article explains the differences nicely , and this one claims an incredible increase in speed . if you are a visual learner , youtube is always your best bet . but the general consensus is mainly centered around speed . other perks include tethering , installation of apps to the sd card , and updated flash .
go here and follow the steps : official cyanogenmod thread for htc one download latest version from here : official cyanogenmod downloads for htc one regarding your problem , getting stuck in a bootloop may mean that you forgot to flash the kernel ( boot . img ) or did not flash it properly . do that again .
the app 's description on the playstore does not speak of " unzipping files to your sdcard " . it rather seems to simply " handle " them , only temporarily extracting files to process them . which would explain why you cannot find the files anywhere outside the zip-file itself ( or outside that app ) . if you want to extract files to handle them separately , you might rather wish to take a look at e.g. androzip dateimanager instead , which is explicitly stating to extract files : androzip file manager helps you copy , delete , move , unzip/unpack , compress , encrypted zip supported , search , and organize your files , music , pictures , and folders just like you would do on your pc .
it is to make it cheaper to manufacture in bulk . the part with the actual transformer in is the same for every country , and the other half ( with the plug itself ) is different for each country . making the complicated part global means they do not have to redesign the whole transformer for each country , and the manufacturer can benefit from increased economies of scale , reducing the price . most transformers for today 's gadgets follow the same design . in the drawer in front of me i have examples from apple , sennheiser , and asus , as well as samsung , all in two parts . usually , it is possible to take the two pieces apart again , it just needs a bit of a wiggle and some practice . this makes it easier to use another country 's plug if you are travelling , but apart from that there is no reason to . if you can add a photo of the particular kind of adaptor you have , i can probably add instructions for how to take it apart .
long tap the colornotes app , then it should be in the home screen . let me know if you already tried this .
you can try to use rfid labels for this action , but it is requires modding of case and software , what make some activities using nfc .
the kobo box is a cheap ( price ) tablet and it does have some issues . you better google and read about them before buying one . that being said it can be made to run the google android market . note that you will need adb or root'ing your device to do so . you will also need to repeat those steps every time an update is available for the tablet ( since it will rewrite the partition were you are making the changes ) . still interested ? ; - ) if so then the best instructions for rooting and installing the market are available on mobileread.com. have fun !
well , only if your rooted . you would manually have to install the g-apps recovery update zip . if you tell me your country and phone type , i can provide a link , or you can see all available versions here : gapps downloads
use syncmypix ( appbrain | market ) , it links up contacts with your facebook friends based on names and downloads their profile picture for your contact picture . it might take a few tweaks for incomplete/weird names the first time round but should only take a few minutes . you can set it to run routinely to keep them up to date too !
as far as i know , full facebook integration with pictures with the native app has not yet come to ics . for you to get that kind of integration would need you to hack the contacts source code and add it . additionally , even if they did come , i would guess that the app pull smaller low-res pics designed for 2.3 or lower as ics uses full screen contact tiles instead , your best bet is to use the app friendcaster . it is a fully featured facebook application that also has ics support , facebook integration with contacts and the ability to download high resolution pictures . it works perfectly on my phone running ics 4.0.3
the official facebook app will add pictures to your contacts if you set it to sync your contacts . looks like @dunhamzzz got the syncmypix part in before me , i did not get a message that said that there had been a new answer , though . i do not like that the facebook app removes all the data that it adds to your contacts if you remove the application . to counter the facebook issue , i use an app called syncmypix that can pull your facebook contacts and put the image on your contact on your device . the nice thing about syncmypix , if it does not match a contact , it lets you go through them at the end and say " sync this facebook contact with this android contact " , and it remembers that mapping so the next time you sync , they are " connected "
haxsync will sync facebook ( high res ) photos to your ics device .
pretty much any samsung is going to be susceptible to " sds " ( sudden death syndrome ) because samsung is just " high quality stuffs " . for a point of reference , i am a smartphone data recovery/mod/repair technician , and i see sds and memory errors almost exclusively in samsung devices . the only exceptions were damaged by water .
finally solved it . . i have found this ansewer by yy502 on cyanogenmod
as far as i know , doing a factory restore on the device should eliminate anything left over the device . usually the process goes : revert back to your earliest nandroid backup ( that you should have taken right after you rooted ) . if you do not have it , then flash a stock rom . run the unroot reversal process ( in this case you ran an official update ) remove any left over root applications ( superuser app , etc . ) . if necessary , wipe the device by restoring to factory settings . if i am missing anything , leave a comment and i will update this .
these apps really work . there are lot of apps that i have used to reduce eye strains such as lux auto brightness , darker pro , juice defender ' s brightness settings , etc .
easy solution for anybody with a card-reader in their pc . ( relaid from : forum.xda-developers.com/ ) place the card in your pc 's card reader and determine the drive designation ( i.e. . , g:\ , h:\ , etc . ) download the fat32format utility in gui version from here : http://www.ridgecrop.demon.co.uk/guiformat.exe . click on the picture to retrieve the file . launch the guiformat . exe . choose the drive that corresponds to your sd card . choose the size of the sd card you are formatting . check the quick format box . press start . source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1773735
thanks for answers ! it turned out to be a hardware issue . i returned the phone and they repaired it , after which other formatting fixes mentioned above worked ( i can not remember which one at the moment ) .
firstly you are saying there is no option to format the memory card in fat32 on windows 7 . which version of windows 7 are you using ? ? ? i have windows 7 home premium and ultimate both have the fat32 as default , infact they have four options to format i.e. ntfs , fat , fat32 ( default ) , and exfat . and secondly yes you will need to format that memory card in fat32 format for it to work .
the s3 mini only supports up to 32gb microsd cards . link and for reference , no , windows does not support fat32 formatting above 32gb .
their could be a number of possible problems such as the format of the video ; either the phones hardware or cyanogenmod 10 may not support the format in which the video is in . i believe the video format is most likely the case because as you describe : the exact same video on my ipad will load usually instantly on the exact same connection . and i usually play videos through the default app , ' gallery ' i think it is , but i have tried other players too ( ie mx player and hubi ) and get the same problem . so check the video format of the videos in which you view . in this link , they describe the possible video formats that the galaxy s3 can play . if the video is not in the correct format , i suggest trying to convert the video files localy on your pc . also another solution may be to re-image the phone to possibly earlier version of cyanogenmod could possibly work . hope this helps .
i had that on my old htc magic a couple of times , it is supposedly down to not properly doing the eject disk bit in windows and unmount drive bit on the phone before unplugging it . after it had annoyed me enough times by asking me to repair the disk every time , i unplugged the micro-sd card from my phone , put it in a usb sd card reader , plugged that straight into the pc and let windows run the repair . this time the repair completed successfully , and after plugging the sd back into the phone i did not have any more problems with it ( for a few months at least ) .
based on my experience , when using a virtual router on a pc with an internet connection only through proxy , in order for your android device to connect to the same proxy your pc is using , you have to configure your wifi connection proxy settings on your android device to use the same proxy settings on your pc . afterwards , you can succesfully connect using your android phone . i have already tried it on my note3 .
did you specify the proxy configuration when you were setting up the network , you need to enter the proxy details in the network configuration try google nexus 4 android network configuration website its for nexus 4 , but hope its similar to any other android device . http://support.google.com/android/bin/answer.py?answer=1649770 . get an english one or translate this page if its in french . hope it helps
i have n7 too . i never heard or read about anything like this . it can be faulty battery or charging circuit , but it can be just sw problem . first , please , add some important details to your question : did you use original charger ? did you use original usb cable ? did you use original dock ? what android version do you have ? do you have this version out of box from the first day ( from factory ) or did you get it as ota update or did you update it yourself ? how many apps do you have installed ? do you use any task killer ? did you try reset to factory defaults ?
all those notifications usually turn up in the notification bar , located at the top of the screen . on all devices . have you checked there ? example of the android notification bar as you can see in this example , that is where notifications are displayed . here you see , this user has new sms and mail in their gmail app pending ( to the left ) . other notifications are indicators of available services ( to the right ) , here telling that wifi is active and the device connected , silent mode ( no sound ) is active , cell phone signal is available , battery is about 3/4 full , plus the current time . your " missed call " notification should also appear in the left-hand area , the symbol looking like this : missed call icon often , there're also numbers associated with them . some launchers/lockscreens even allow for more custumization . i would wonder if none of these are available with your device . above examples are standard , and should be always available . numbers on the icons ( indicating how many missed calls , or how many sms are pending ) are something different : some manufacturers ship them by default , others do not . but using custom launchers / custom lockscreens , many things are possible . trouble with your htc first might be the launcher : if i am right , it comes with " facebook home " , which wants to facebook-ify everything , and thus might hide some things usually visible . i do not use facebook at all , so i am not that familiar with this area . but if that is the culprit , according to a review at androidcentral , facebook home can be turned off . on the other hand , a bunch of screenshots in the very same review clearly show those notifications being there , though a bit colorless : htc first screenshots ( source : androidcentral ) see the top of those screenshots -- and you will easily identify the gmail notification described before , here in the second and third screen : )
no , this is not possible . in order for your device to be in debug mode/ connect to the computer with the debug cable , it needs to be connected as a slave device . the otg cable tells the tablet to go into host mode . so now your computer is telling your tablet to be a slave but through the enumeration with the otg cable the tablet believes it needs to be the master , there is a quarrel and it appears the tablet wins and is the master and thus your computer does not acknowledge the tablets existence . if you need the debugging tools have you looked into adv wireless debugging ? ( sorry i can not find the link right now but i have used it in the past and know it is somewhere on the developer . android . com site ) i could not find the link so i figured out how to do it again : 1 ) open the command prompt and navigate to your sdk/platform-tools/ folder . 2 ) type adb tcpip 5555 3 ) type adb connect &lt;your device ip address&gt;:5555 4 ) at this point you unplug your device and type adb logcat 5 ) at times , such as unplugging/plugging into a usb device , the logcat will become disconnected , just redo steps 3 and 4 .
no , the battery does not care how it got charged in terms of a given charge . it just takes longer when using your pc because it is getting less current from the pc than the ac charger . here 's a post on android forums which suggests that the current coming from the pc is significantly less than the ac charger . the forum posts list 100ma or 500ma for the pc 's usb port vs . 1000ma from the ac charger ; these numbers could be off but the point is correct . i also found this regarding the same phenomenon with the iphone 4 . so using the ac charger is just a matter of whether you want the phone to charge quicker or not .
on my galaxy s4 downloaded music goes to /storage/sdcard0/music and streamed music goes to /storage/sdcard0/amazonmp3/temp/ . streamcache
i ultimately found the m4a files in /mnt/extsdcard/android/data/com . amazon . mp3/files/music the trick , however , is that they are hidden files . they do not appear when viewing the folder with either the native file manager or rootexplorer ( even when " show hidden files " is checked ) . they are found only by using rootexplorer to search the device for " m4a " files . at least now i know they are on the sd card anyway .
try booting into recovery and backup there if you have an option . if not , then wipe it there or with the key combination : volume up+home+power source : www.phonetipsandtricks.com/tips/sony-xperia-u/hard-reset-factory-reset-14/
while in your web browser , press and hold the return button on the lower right side of your phone . then at the top of the page select saved pages
tap ［internet］ icon , tap ［☆］on top right corner , tap ［saved pages］ on top right corner . done .
going on a plane or in a no coverage area doesn’t mean you can’t access your favourite videos and documents . in order to have access to offline content , go to the website of your choice using the browser , hit the “option” button , tap " save for offline reading " . once you have turned off your wireless and 3g connection , go back to the browser and hit the star icon next to the address line . tap “saved pages” and it will pop up with a list which will allow you to access the sites without internet access .
tap the flag with the star at the top right of the browser and click on the saved pages tab .
where to find it when it was downloaded if you have been able to " download " the file , the most likely location to find it is either /sdcard/download or /sdcard/downloads . it was not downloaded , but " saved for offline reading " but as it turns out , the stock browser did not give you that option , and you had to " save for offline reading " -- which is something different . in this case the file probably is stored on internal storage ( below /data/data/com.android.browser ) . without root you have got not many chances to access it there . so you could either try with a different browser -- or simply copy-paste the text file into some note-taking app / editor ( e . g . jota text editor or amblelink notepad basic ed . ) . alternative download options if you have to do this more often , or formatting gets lost on copy-paste , you are probably much better of with some " downloader tools " . i just know about tasker , which offers HTTP_GET actions . depending on your rom , the shell might provide wget ( stock rom on my milestone 2 had this ) , so all you need in that case is a terminal app ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) , and there simply execute # change to the directory where you want to store the downloaded file in cd /sdcard/download # get the file wget http://www.example.com/textfile.txt  adjust that to your needs , of course : ) special downloader apps other alternatives would include special " downloader apps " , like e.g. download all files or easy downloader , which you might want to give a try .
android itself has no such features built-in ( at least none i know that are accessible to the customer ) . but there are monitoring apps available targeted at " child protection " , which can do most of the things you asked for . one example would be parental control board : parental control : position tracking ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) from the app 's description : parents can track all movements of their children in real time from web or from their own devices . at any point of time it is possible to get precise kid’s location . parents can controls all calls made and received by their children , as well as all sms messages , and set up black lists or white lists of phone numbers for incoming and outgoing calls and messages . additional to your requested items , the app can also be used to lock apps not-to-be-used , and more . not having used it , i cannot tell whether data can be exported to csv , though .
you would need to install a custom launcher . a launcher is the application that you use to launch other applications . it is both the home screen ( view with wallpaper ) and launcher draw ( "launchpad" ) . with android you can install different launchers via the play store to suit your own needs . for example appdrawer ( miui app drawer ) might be what you are looking for .
i guess your device drivers was not successfully installed in your pc here is couple of things you can do , : uninstall kies go to device manager of your pc and remove/uninstall anything related to samsung reboot your device ( optional ) then download kies to your computer and while installing dont connect your s4 with pc . after installation connect your device and let it install device driver sucessfully . hope this will help you , for more information see this s4 connect issue link 2
this is impossible because the setting does not exist . maybe you coud broadcast to these people or try a alternative app .
can you do it ? yes you can , how hard or time consuming is it going to be ? a lot of time for sure . sure you can go ahead ! many people run custom roms or build their own roms from aosp on their android devices . you can either search for compatiable custom roms for your device else go pull a branch of aosp and build on it !
i have got a nexus s running a 4.2.2 rom . i just noticed i am not getting delta updates about a week ago . though i have been on 4.2.2 . for much longer , so it could be another problem not related to the android version , especially since the play store can update independently from android .
on nexus 7 2013 , Settings &gt; Storage &gt; Hamburger icon (top-right) &gt; USB computer connection .
i am using a nexus 5 and using next launcher as the app launcher . just counted the apps in one of my folders and noticed that it has 13 apps inside ( and can fit more as it uses the general swipe command for the next list within the same folder ) . . . presuming stock launcher your using ? try a different one like next or nova ? ?
have your tried using custom roms . . . i believe aopk and some others support light changes . . . check it out : ) http://aokp.co/
if your device is still in warranty i would stop fiddling with it and get it fixed at an authorized service center . opening the device yourself will void warranty .
it is a broken phone . send it back to samsung . i also use the features that it comes with and mine works fine .
lookout mobile has blogged about this due to the diginotar events , and provided some pretty good ( read : lengthy ) instructions which you can find here . the gist of it is that you need to pull /system/etc/security/cacerts.bks and then remove the cas from the store , then push the store back to the device and reboot . their instructions require that you have bouncy castle ( for decrypting the store ) , root access , and a working adb connection . i am not sure if this applies to all versions of android or not , but my guess would be that the location of the ca store has not changed in quite some time ( if ever ) .
it is never a good idea to flash a rom that is not for a specific device onto a device . with that being said , there are multiple reasons ( i.e. . different memory locations for the sim circuit , different microcontroller , etc ) that could be causing your issue . my advise is to reflash the stock rom and see if that fixes your problem . if so then please do not flash a rom that is not for your device . it is to the point now ( say with the htc one m7 ) that you will not receive signal if you flash a rom of a different carrier even .
well occasionally when you update firmware , your router at home will have problems with the new firmware on your phone ( due to out-of-date drivers , old firmware on the router , router is unsupported by new firmware , etc . ) so if it works everywhere else pretty well , this might be your issue . my recommendation : try downloading a different kernel ( there are plenty out there for the s2 ) , your best bet looking on the xda-forums , maybe start here ? http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=665
there is a guide posted on t-mobile for people with samsung phones that already include this feature to sync sms messages between phones using the microsoft exchange server , live or hotmail account . i will outline the steps here for archiving purposes . link to guide : http://support.t-mobile.com/docs/doc-7313 android 4.1 and higher open email . press menu . touch settings . touch the exchange email address . touch more ( this many not be available in all devices ) . select ( turn on ) or clear ( turn off ) the check box for sms sync . android 1.5 - 4.0 from the device settings menu , touch accounts and sync . touch your exchange email account . select ( turn on ) or clear ( turn off ) the check box for sync sms or sync text . note : for this feature to work , your exchange server must support it .
i noticed an application on the android store called " mysms " that seems to sync between phone , tablet , and pc/mac . maybe this is the solution to your problem . downloadable from : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mysms.android.smshl=en the same company also has a premium service for 2 phone syncing - which has the same features as above but specifically for sycning 2 phones together . since the other app does not require a premium ( paid ) service , its worth trying to see if that does the job for free . if not , then it might be worth trying out their second app . this is the premium version for 2 phones : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mysms.android.mirrorhl=en hope this helps .
follow the guide in this thread to root your device . xperia rooting tool - xda-developers rooting would install a Superuser app for you which will monitor apps which require root access . you can then install a app like root explporer to access your device 's internal memory , just press Allow when it asks for root access . i believe you can find system media files inside the path /system/media/audio/ , although it may change with devices or firmware versions . and do not forget to click on R/W on top in root explorer when you are deleting or replacing files to enable read/write mode .
you can not do this . you give administrative privilege to limited user accounts in windows when you have access to atleast one administrator account . think about the situation when you are on others pc with guest account . can you do anything which requires administrative privilege on that pc ? the same type of situation blocks us in android . so , to get administrative ( root ) access in android ( linux ) , we need to alter and replace many things .
since the vm decides when to stop the application in order to save\clear memory for other applications you cant decide which application you can keep in the forground . hope it helps .
seems the only way to do it was to open up the document through the browser , selecting desktop mode . then " view spreadsheet mode " right at the bottom . then it'll load it up like it would if you loaded it from a computer . then you can select file -> email as attachment . bit of a crappy process . . .
i would suggest trying k-9 mail , like mr . buster already said . it is imap support is better than the stock app 's . for me , it receives my emails almost faster than thunderbird on my desktop due to push support .
i would get back in touch with your email provider 's tech support . we know that your phone and network are working correctly ( your other accounts work fine ) and that your phone 's apps are working correctly ( you found no difference with k9 ) . that means it is the imap connection you are trying to make with this particular server . do they have any backup servers you can try to connect to ? if you create a new account with them , for testing purposes , does it do the same thing ? some providers prefer connections to use pop3 versus imap - using pop3 connection , do your symptoms change ? your provider should be able and willing to help with all of these questions . if not , politely ask to be escalated to a lead .
i think i have finally solved this one by using some of the folder settings in k9 . in settings --> account settings --> fetching mail , i set Poll Folders and Push Folders to " only first class folders " , and this seems to have done the job . to be honest , i am not sure what these settings mean exactly , but i will live with that .
check that you have correct date time settings both in the phone and in the server , perhaps you have set wrong timezone or set an incorrect am/pm , and this somehow confuses the mail client about which messages to get .
if you have root access on your device : grab a copy of /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf , e.g. using adb pull , and save it to your computer restore the data from your backup , and grab a copy of that in the same manner use a text editor , and merge the entries to a new file put that file back into place , e.g. using adb push make sure the file is owned by system:wifi and has permissions 664 . without root access , it might be possible as well , but would be much more tricky ( plus the overhead would probably not be worth it ) . the following is untested , and requires at least android 4.0: create an adb backup restore the " old data " to your device create another adb backup extract both backups to different locations on your device ( see : [ how do you extract an app 's data from a full backup made through “adb backup” ? ] ) ( how do you extract an app&#39 ; s data from a full backup made through &quot ; adb backup&quot ; ? ) merge the data from both wpa_supplicant.conf files re-assemble the backup file restore the re-assembled backup a third way lies in between , but does not require to re-assemble and restore the backup file , nor to replace the wpa_supplicant.conf directly . but you will need a copy of that file , which you either can obtain via adb pull or by extracting the backup files . once you have got a copy of both files , you can simply read your connection data , and enter those you wish manually : everything is stored as plain-text here , completely unencrypted ( including the passwords ! ) . an example entry ( slightly modified to hide the real data ) : network={ ssid="smartcafe" psk="cafesmart" key_mgmt=WPA-PSK priority=46 }  as you see : if you would like to use that data for the apn " smartcafe " , simply edit your config and put the corresponding password ( psk ) : go to settings → wifi scroll to the apn long-press its entry , select " change " enter the new password if it should be a new entry : at the same place , at the bottom of the screen , tap the " add network " button , and enter the data you have read from the file .
that icon means the text is not sent . just click on that text and it will push the typed text into compose box , you just have to press send .
the android emulator does not currently support this , unfortunately . there is a configuration file in the build system that determines whether or not to enable the user accounts feature , and it is disabled in the emulator images distributed by google . you can star this issue on the bug tracker in the meantime . however there are two alternatives you can look at : you can alter the configuration file and build a new emulator image from the aosp source and use that in place of the system image that the avd uses by default . the file in question is in /frameworks/base/core/res/res/values/config.xml within the android source . there should be an option named config_multiuserMaximumUsers which needs to be set to a value greater than 1 . you can try the jar of beans emulator package . it has experimental support for multiple user accounts . note , however , that this is an x86 emulator , not an arm one .
the first thing i usually do when i experience this kind of problem is i uncheck the one having problems syncing ( contacts , calendar , etc . ) and then check it again . this should initiate a new sync and possibly fix the problem . if it does not fix it , try clearing the data for contacts app ( settings> applications> manage applications ) and then sync again . if it is still not fixed try removing the account that experiences this problem and then re-add it . it also can be on google 's end , so sometimes it can fix itself , just wait a few days . and if nothing of that helps , try by another factory reset . good luck !
try removing the account permissions for the device from your google dashboard - https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions .
complete android guide is a pretty good introduction/starting point for free on the website , available as an ebook or an app on the market . http://completeandroidguide.com/
i do not know about a manual ( i never found one ) but . . . how to close programs . you do not . i mean , if you want to stop running applications , that is under Settings &gt; Applications but otherwise , you mostly do not . how to switch between open programs . are they even open still ? if you long press the " home " key you can move between the last few applications you had open . how to properly shut the device down . when you hold the power key for a few seconds , you should get a few different options , depending on your os version . powering off is definitely one of those options . that is the best way to shut it down . what version it is . how to upgrade . or should i ? find the os version under Settings &gt; About phone ( should show a kernel version and a build number . i am pretty sure you can not upgrade without rooting it , but there are some good insights on rooting your phone right here ( and no one definitive answer , for better or for worse . ) how do i root my device ? when to use the sd card , when to use the internal flash drive for storage . that is a good question , one worth asking / looking for answers to here . what tasks it is capable of doing . google does have some good general material on this one . what its limitations are . . there is no good answer to that one , unfortunately . what not to do so that i do not break it . do not throw it from high buildings . . .
google do actually publish android manuals for each major version , unfortunately they do hide them fairly well . your phone 's manufacturer and/or your network/carrier may also publish manuals for your phone that will include the major changes they have made from the base android ( for example a lot of manufacturers customize or replace a lot of the android ui with their own version , such as htc 's sense , or samsung 's touchwiz interface , they may also modify/replace default apps to work better with their hardware or interface , the camera app is often one of these ) . in your case it sounds like the manufacturer unfortunately probably does not have an english language manual , on the plus side they probably have not done much customization to the base android experience . google 's android manuals : android 2.2 ( aka froyo ) android 2.3 ( aka gingerbread ) android 3 ( aka honeycomb ) tablets only , not available for phones android 4.0 ( aka ice cream sandwich ) actually a galaxy nexus manual , but as that device is pretty much pure ics , it should be ok
have you tried opening android market from the home screen , with a data connection ? i had a similar problem with android market details pages and web site and in-app payment methods being broken . eventually i entered through the front door on the device and it made me ok all the new rules and started working again . someone at google screwed up and broke the app unless you use the home screen regularly , lol .
i would just say make sure you have a wifi connection going on and have the google market app open . i think it will update itself after some time . i think it can just take a little while .
this happened to me previously . all i did was just wait and it eventually updated to play store .
the following is no complete solution , but at least a work-around , avoiding a long reboot : there are apps like quick boot ( others have things like " fast reboot " and the like in their names/descriptions ) . other suggested by those names , they do not really reboot your device , but simply restart the system server ( for details , please take a look at can somebody explain the boot process of an android device ? – the system server is started at step 5 of 6 boot steps , so this skips more than half of the way down and up , effectively resulting in a process about 3 times as fast as a complete reboot ) . while this way all your apps are killed as a side effect ( as they require the system server to work ) , it is still a lot faster than a real reboot , and thus " less hazzle " .
look for a folder named sdcard using a file explorer app .
you can download es file explorer . it is a free file explorer for android . download from google play it is quite easy to use and does not require root access .
it is not " officially " supported , but if you take a look at xda forum you will surely find some unofficial builds . here 's a link to one
i found that you should be able to do a factory reset by holding the power and home when powering on . there you should have the option to do a factory reset .
what i finally ended up doing was upgrading the firmware . i tried the home/power method , but it just was not working for me . . . upgrading the firmware instructions are found on their site . it was not too hard to do , except for the fact that they do not seem to have signed drivers , which forced me to use a non-64 bit system to do the upgrade .
on htc desire ( android 2.2 ) you can just click on the link/contact source icon in the top right when you are viewing a contact and in appeared screen there will be a name drop-down where you can choose the display name from all linked contacts ( like phone and facebook contacts in your situation ) .
i use galaxy 5 , my phone can choose which contact to appear , i just switch off other contact other than the phone number . . . problem solved . i used swype before to key in words but it will affect the contact in the messaging , if you encounter this problem , just choose standard qwerty keyboard or number pad .
as always , it is a different android device ( but same android version , however ) so ymmv . . . the samsung vibrant ( aka galaxy s ) has a mark as default menu option when you open a contact . if you have more than one linked contact ( with different names ) , it allows you to select which name appears in the contact list .
as someone replied here , if you edit the account info ( in this case the name ) you want to be displayed on the actual phone and save it , it will change the displayed name to the updated one . it worked on my xperia x10 mini .
put the stock recovery back and use that for the update , instead of trying to do it with cwm . for a nexus device , you can get the official factory images from here . download the nexus 4 factory image for the android version you are currently running ( probably kot49h ) and unzip it . inside , one of the files is a .zip file . extract that , and you will find a recovery.bin file . flash this to your recovery partition in the same way that you flashed cwm , and you will have your stock recovery back . ( you can reinstall cwm when you are done . ) remember to enable ota survival in supersu , by the way , or you will lose root when you install the update .
there is unfortunately no way to directly edit the dictionary . you can delete any user-added word by highlighting it and hitting the swype key .
i do not think you can stop contacts from syncing , even by group , but you can select what groups to display ( well , this may depend on your device and the version of android ) . and if you can " stop syncing " for specific contacts/groups , i think that just " hiding them " and letting them to continue to sync is a better option , then you do not have a black hole of contacts that never get updated on your device . if i go in to contacts -> menu -> display options here you can select what groups display in your contacts , but still sync them all . so when you decide to start talking to this person that you " archived " , you go in to the contact and move them to somewhere that is visible . now if you have " friends " displayed , and " archived " not , and a person is in both , they will be displayed .
you could look at this the other way around and create another group called " not archived " or " active " or something like that , and put all of the contacts that you do want to appear on the phone in that group . then you could just sync this group to the phone ( and do not select " friends " " family " or anything else to sync ) and it should work .
you could use k-9 mail as your client and after configuring your account long-press it , select Account settings -&gt; Fetching mail -&gt; When I delete a message and set it to Do not delete on server or Mark as read on server , whichever suits you better .
Last time seen on whatsapp means that the person has contacted someone on their contact list , basically sending a text to someone else .
a single green tick mark indicates the whatsapp servers have got your message . a double green tick mark indicates that the recipient 's device has got your message . however , it does not automatically mean that the user has read or seen the message . the last seen online may merely indicate that the user may have been talking to someone on the contact list or been in the whatsapp application for any reason like adjusting settings etc . no guarantee that the user has read your message . taken from http://www.whatsapp.com/faq/en/general/20951546
my doubt is ¿"last seen " indicates that the user has actively opened the applicaction or that the application have been running on background connecting to whatsapp servers ? the whatsapp faq now says : " last seen at . . . " refers to the time the contact left whatsapp but googling i found an old whatsapp faq answer for the same question , maybe referred to the old versions : " last seen " simply indicates the state of the device network connection and not if the application is actively in use . for example , on some operating system such as blackberry and android , the phone will connect on it is own if it has a new incoming message even if the phone is not in active use at the moment i have seen " improvements to " last seen " and " typing . . . " correctness / timeliness " in the 2.7.4705 version ( 2012-mar-05 ) changelog i will test it whatsapp uses push notifications ( the server notifies the device ) so seems not neccessary connecting periodically to the server looking for new messages ( pull ) . another question is if once a notification is received the app connects to the server for new messages downloading . in any case , the question is if whatsapp takes into account the connections with the app in background for the " last seen " indicator .
some app might be triggering the phone to wake up . did you check if there any app holding screen wakelock with wakelock detector ? play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.uzumapps.wakelockdetector
this appears to be baked in to the stock rom you are using . there are widgets , like silentwidget which will let you toggle the silent mode without using the power button method , although this requires you to go to the launcher to do this - to get around this , have a look at a multitasking app like powerstrip which will allow you to launch apps , see widgets and more from anywhere on your device without having to go back to the launcher .
cyanogenmod supports this on your phone , though you will have to root and install it . one thing i have noticed ( and have seen others mention ) : it is not very reliable on the droid incredible . sometimes it works , sometimes it does not . sometimes you have to press the button multiple times to wake the phone , other times holding the button works , other times i have just have to give up and use the power button to wake the phone . other phones may be more or less reliable . what does work well with cyanogenmod ( and maybe other " lockscreen replacements" ) is using the button to unlock the phone . of course , if you are using a pin code , swipe pattern , or some other security measure to unlock , then that will not work so well .
not come across any app that lets you reassign the functions of the keys , it may be possible with a custom rom image but i have not seen it mentioned .
this should actually be pretty easy and does not require rooting or custom roms , but you will need a ' lockscreen replacement ' app to do it . the app ' widgetlocker lockscreen ' allows ' easy wake ' that allows you to customize which button ( home , menu , trackball , volume , etc ) wakes the phone . check it out on the market , it is $1.99 . there may also be other lockscreen replacement apps out there , but that is exactly what you need : a customizable lockscreen replacement app that supports the feature you requested . widgetlocker is an example of this .
i have found a few bluetooth headsets that would do this . for example the motorokr s9 : works with any brand of bluetooth®-enabled compatible phone or music device that supports advanced audio distribution profile ( a2dp ) and audio video remote control profile ( avrcp ) . however this is a bit offputting : for optimal outdoor performance , position music device in close proximity to and in line of sight with the s9 's internal antenna , which is located in the base behind the user 's head . placement of the music device in a front pocket is not recommended . so they had be fine as long as i strap my phone to my back or hold the phone like the model in the photo on the linked page is . hmm . a few other bluetooth headsets i have looked at include : motorola ht820 ( a bit bulky , but does have a wired option ) nokia bh-503 ( my current favourite ) . i would still prefer a wired solution if possible so will keep looking . i have found that the samsung galaxy 's trrs connector is left-right-mic-ground , so it definitely will not work with iphone headphones ( which are left-right-ground-mic ) . however this does mean it may work with headphones from other vendors that have the same connection order , like nokia , perhaps .
i have a moto droid and these two audio enabled headsets : sony drbt50 stereo bluetooth headset good audio quality , especially bluetooth . use with pandora . comfortable for serious listening . works as both a phone headset ( meh ) and stereo audio ( yay ! ) plantronics voyager 855 bluetooth headset ( black ) good conversation quality and microphone . use this for phone conversations and " talkie " podcasts . supports both phone ( yay ! ) and stereo audio ( meh ) both of these headsets support audio controls in doggcatcher and music . not sure about pandora since i rarely use media controls now that my preferences are tuned . bluetooth is way more fragile than wired . you have pairing issues and interference issues , and battery draining/charging issues . oh and it is way more expensive . might be worth it , but do not start unless you think farting around with gadgets is a fun way to blow a weekend ( and a couple hundred dollars ) .
i prefer to stick with wired headset , since they are betetr supported by the software . i just bought the motorola eh25 . it has a mic and button , kind of like the ipod touch . generally they are around $20-$30 , but i found them here for $7 .
i think bluetooth is going to be your most flexible option . i have a pair of rocketfish bluetooth headphones . they are fairly low cost , sound great , and include player controls on the left ear unit . they support both the a2dp profile ( for stereo playback ) as well as the hands-free headset profile for voice calls . the mic is acceptable , but not great .
i am using runkeeper for recording my sport activities .
i have used my tracks while walking , and a cyclist friend of mine is fond of sports track live
i am using free version of endomondo
try gps logger for this purpose . edit : gps logger is a free app for recording gps data . you can log in kml/gpx , upload directly to dropbox or google drive .
a hard reset restores the original factory settings and erases content , including downloaded ringtones , images , programs , and contacts stored in the internal memory . this feature allows for resetting of sound profiles , display settings , and phone or memory card settings . to perform a hard reset using the hardware keys , follow these steps : turn off the device . press and hold both volume up and volume down keys at the same time . press the power key only until the phone vibrates once , then release only the power key . continue to hold the volume up and volume down keys until the android system recovery screen appears . press the volume down key to highlight wipe factory data . press the home key to select . press the volume down key to highlight yes - delete all user data . press the home key to select . press the home key to reboot . but as you said , your screen is broken . check the screenshots and see how many times you want to use down and up volume key , so that the according to number position you can do it .
if you removed the micro sd card from a device ( any device ) while it was still in use , this can cause filesystem corruption . this can often be repaired by connecting it to a card reader on your pc and using a disk scanning tool ( e . g . scandisk on windows ) .
try with shell using a keyboard pm install [path_to_apk] 
yes , if the phone is connected to the internet , you can install apps from the google play web interface ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps ) without touching the phone . starting the app is a different matter , though : you may need to find an app that is specifically designed for this situation , so it can be triggered without needing to open it from the launcher , or use a usb gamepad ( or a bluetooth one , if it is already paired ) to control the launcher without using the touchscreen .
check if you can connect a mouse ( or keyboard ) through usb otg port ( and microusb-to-usb converter cable ) . . . i am not sure whether your device supports otg or not . . . just give a try . . .
i managed to make it sound by writing to /dev/msm_pcm_out : mplayer something.mp3 -ao pcm:file=/dev/msm_pcm_out  sound is choppy and it looks hacky in general . video output is something like -vo fbdev:/dev/graphics/fb0 .
assuming the file is located on your computer , but you want to restore it on your device : adb push /usr/local/backup/backup.bin /sdcard/backup.bin adb shell dd if=/sdcard/backup.bin of=/dev/block/mmcblk0p7  should to the trick . explanation : the first command copies the backup.bin file to your sdcard , and in the second line dd reads it from there and then writes it to the device specified . you might wish to combine this to a one-liner : adb push /usr/local/backup/backup.bin /sdcard/backup.bin &amp;&amp; adb shell dd if=/sdcard/backup.bin of=/dev/block/mmcblk0p7  this means : " copy the file to the device , and execute dd only when the copy process succeeded " . to answer the other part of your question ( what is wrong with your command ) : you cat the file to the local adb process on your computer , not to the remote dd process on your device . adb does not know how to " hand it over " . so why does it work the other way around ? because there you capture the output displayed on your local computer , which of course you can redirect locally .
this will work on a linux : adb shell dd if=/dev/block/mmcblk0p7|sed 's/\r$//' &gt; backup.bin  in macos it can be made to work as well , you just need to do it with perl : adb shell dd if=/dev/block/mmcblk0p7|perl -pe 's/\x0D\x0A/\x0A/g' &gt; backup.bin 
since you already had cm10 installed , you should be having the zip file with you . if you do not have it , you can download it from the previous source and place it in your sd card . if you do not have and do not know the source from where you already downloaded , you can try the one from where i had downloaded ( courtesy ) . the reason i am trying to stick to your previous download is that these zip files are unofficial cm builds and are compiled from same source by many developers , each adding their own bells and whistles and most importantly bug fixes . hence you already know what is working and what is not with your previous rom which will avoid you any nasty last minute surprises . as far as the rom that i am using , apart from what is mentioned in the blog , google location service is not working . which means that news and weather app , google maps etc will not get your location without gps . after deciding which rom zip file to use , place the zip file in sd card and switch off the phone . please backup whatever you want as the following steps is going to erase all except the sd card contents . reboot your phone into recovery mode . to do this , press and hold home button , volume down button and while holding both down , power on the device . do not release the home and volume down button until you see the cyanogenmod recovery console . then simply follow the steps as said in the blog .
you should be able to use either locale or tasker to setup a condition ( i.e. . , at 2 am ) to do something ( turn volume down , stop media player , or turn off wifi or other services ) . but as far as i know , neither program will let you shut down your phone .
prior to ics , android used /system/mnt/sdcard as the point for mount . some versions by manufacturers used /system/sdcard instead . ics , thereafter , changed it , but kept existing mount point for backwards compatibility with legacy apps . now , /system/storage/sdcard0 or /system/storage/sdcard1 , particularly , jb on tablets , is used to accomodate multiple user accounts . crucial point is the name or alias for external storage is sdcard for legacy reasons and will stay that way . or in technical parlance , symbolic link in filesystem terms points to sdcard . usually , 0 represented internal storage , 1 represented external storage . the increased trend in dropping sdcard at expense of cheaper to manufacture rewriteable flash drives , bigger capacities , is prevalent .
it is not exactly true that they go to the same place . the "0" folder as you call is is what is actually stored on the phone . so if you have your camera taking pictures and storing them on the device as opposed to the sd card , you will see those pictures ( dcim folder ) under /storage/emulated/0/dcim . under extsdcard you will see things stored on your removable card .
because of how android has evolved over the years many newer devices have the same files mounted ( usually with a bind mount ) in multiple places . others are symbolic links . it is really too bad that the file manager app is not showing you these details :-/
i do not know about " legacy " or "0" , but /sdcard is a symbolic link to the sdcard device folder . at the terminal , run " ls -l " . add the end of some lines , you will see : sdcard -&gt; /mnt/sdcard etc -&gt; /system/etc  and maybe others depending on your setup . this is standard linux setup , and makes both places link the same place - so there is no duplication .
one solution to this problem : use a tasking program such as locale or tasker and create certain conditions that will enable your wifi ( essentially writing a script as you described ) . for example : use gps and determine if i am at my home ( i believe you can use real gps , which will consume quite a bit of power , or base it off of which cell tower you are connected to , which you would already know anyways if not in airplane mode ) . or you could even setup certain times of the day you know you will be at home , or work , or wherever you regularly have wifi .
there is probably tons of ways to do this , but here 's what i can think of offhand : if you have adb set up on your computer then use it to push the rom file over : adb push /path/to/ROM /sdcard upload it to dropbox , box , or any other cloud file storage service and then download it via the associated android app upload it to a file sharing service like mediafire and then download it in your browser if you downloaded the rom from somewhere , visit that site in the browser on your tablet and download it directly install a file manager or other app that supports ftp and send it over via a wifi lan connection ( one example ) try kies air - i think it supports wireless file transfer
note , i do not have a motorola phone , and my phone 's just doing the standard android contact linking , but it may also help you . i did this because my previous phone was an htc magic running android 1.6 , which had no contact linking ( as that only came with android 2 ) so i used one of the apps that downloads the facebook picture and applies it to the contacts , the picture was then stuck there until i manually got it to update again . here 's what i did to get them updating properly once i moved onto a phone with froyo : if you go into your google contacts on the web , do you see the old facebook picture on your contacts there ? if so , select the contact . hover your mouse over their picture until you see the change picture link , click that and select no picture . save the change . after a bit the change should sync down to your phone and it should then use the only picture it has - the current facebook picture .
from what i understand , contacts is actually fairly decoupled from facebook because google does not like their api and facebook does not want to let their users export data . i believe this means that if you remove your facebook account from the phone , those photos will disappear from the contacts . then you can re-add the account to get them back . unfortunately the contacts are not likely to relink automatically after that , and you had have to do it manually every time . i do not know of a better way .
http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2415195 read this guide http://forum.xda-developers.com/show....php?t=2266654 . only follow the parts to unlock the boot loader and flash clockworkmod custom recovery . make sure that you flash the recovery right after unlocking ( without rebooting in between ) otherwise data will get wiped . ) after that boot into your newly flashed recovery and use " adb pull /data/media/" . this should copy everything on the internal sdcard of the phone .
this really sounds stupid , but when the time and date are wrong , most google apps will not work .
assumption 's : *you have a mobile data plan *working wifi connection do this : *go to app info page of play store . *clear data and then clear cache *then click on force stop now download latest play store . apk file from the below link http://www.androidpolice.com/2014/03/13/download-latest-google-play-store-4-6-16-with-new-require-password-option-tweaked-ui-forced-self-update-and-more/ after the download , install the play store from the file . done .
you may have a problem with data connectivity . you can check this ( see , for example , here ) ) by either looking the type of your data connectivity in settings -> about phone -> status -> mobile network type consulting the icon indicator on top . h+ and 3g should allow you to download apps . it you are not on a fast network it may be that the apn settings are not correct for your carrier or that your account is not defined correctly with your carrier . for apn settings you can consult your carrier , its web site or an app ( look for apn and your country name ) . for account definition you will need to consult your carrier . wifi maybe slower because 4.0 is heavy on the xperia sola because it only has 512mb ram . you can watch the ram load with an app such as android system info
some phones allow the user to assign single key presses as accelerators to start applications , dial regular contacts , or the like . is it possible you set something like this ? check your keyboard settings for a keyboard type you may not use regularly . i think i remember this was a possible setting on the galaxy stratosphere , or similar . update : the stratosphere has this setting under applications\quicklaunch . it can accept a combo key press to start any application at users discretion . maybe you have ' m ' or ' o ' set somehow similar .
this is something of an oversimplification , but the simple answer is : you can not . what makes this an oversimplification ? well , it is because it depends on how a given app is implemented . android applications are based around the concept of an activity , which is described in the development documentation as : an activity is a single , focused thing that the user can do . when a new activity is launched it is placed onto a system-wide " activity stack " at the top of the stack ( for anyone unfamiliar , see stack ( data structure ) ) . when the back button is pressed , the current activity ( at the top of the stack ) is finished and removed from the stack , causing the previous one ( beneath it on the stack ) to be brought to the foreground . this pop/bring-to-foreground behavior continues as you keep pressing the back button until you land at home , which is the start of the stack . from here , you cannot go " back " any further . now , how does this apply to apps ? in many applications , an activity represents one , individual screen . when you advance to a new screen , then , a new activity is actually created for the screen and pushed onto the stack on top of the one that created it . in apps that use this design , hitting back will , in fact , bring you to the previous screen . the reason should be fairly self-evident : the screen you are currently viewing is on the top of the stack , the previous screen sits below it ( since they are each activities themselves ) . thus , hitting back removes the current screen from the stack , finishes it , and then loads the previous one . this is not a required model , however . you can have an activity that contains multiple layouts and screens . we have used this in my office to , for example , create a configuration wizard of sorts . the idea is that hitting back should simply exit the wizard , and there are " back " and " next " buttons on the screen itself to provide navigation . thus , even if you are on the third screen of the wizard , you have not created any additional activities , so hitting the back button ( hard button ) will take you out of the " wizard activity " and back to the " menu activity " . further , the behavior of the back button can be overridden by an application of they so choose . it simply calls a method named onBackPressed() , which performs the default behavior of going backwards on the activity stack . however , if there is an overridden implementation of onBackPressed() in the current activity , that will be executed instead . so to sum up : the idea that the back button goes back to the previous " screen " is not guaranteed at all . the hard back button deals with activities only , which are often " screens " to the user , but are not necessarily , and are in no way required to be . there is no concept of " go back one screen " unless the app you are using says there is , but that functionality is still not guaranteed to be provided by the back button itself . further reading : activity and task design activity documentation
if an app does not take you to the previous screen when you hit back , there is nothing you or android can do about it . you could ask the app 's developer to implement it but that is about it .
i believe most of these routers mount your drive as a network samba share ( like windows file sharing ) , which android phones can access with apps , like esfilexplorer or andsmb . they can stream off it or download files to sd card .
they are most of the time baked right into the monolithic linux kernel ( or sometimes available as loadable . ko kernel modules located in /system/lib/modules/ ) . note : linux kernel modules are build-specific and cannot be interchanged across devices , different firmware versions . see the wikipedia entry for linux kernel modules
google voice has options for this . if you have a voice account and someone calls you using that number you can use the call screening option to force them to record a message you can hear before you pick up . edit : google voice is currently only available in the us , so if you live anywhere else this solution obviously will not work for you .
browsing thru the market led me to this app called mr . number . features : new : status for calls and texts block calls and texts from one person or the world automatic reverse lookup for every number that is not in your contacts manual reverse lookup for mystery calls on your home or work phone add new contacts to your address book with one click catch telemarketers , debt collectors , and other spammers before they waste your time report spam calls and texts to warn other users control what name other mr . number users see when you call them
nope you cannot only selectively disable video calls . the least you can do is disable incoming invites from the app settings .
i just found a modified version of the official youtube version 4 app , it has an option to let you choose the preferred quality official xda threab , credits goes to xda member osama ghareeb please note that this app is built on the fourth version of the official app and the latest version is 5 .
you can not . those quality settings only apply to the desktop version . mobile apps use a different set of videos , which are already optimized for mobile devices , and have two different quality settings , regular and hd .
no , they are not . for as long as you have the account registered in your email app , the policies are applied , however , if you remove the email account then the policies will no-longer be enforced . the app is given a " device administrator " status ( you can see any apps which have this in " security " in your settings ) , and you can revoke that at any time . revoking it , will of course , cause your email to stop working .
install moborobo . never fails . it will get you drivers automatically . then download srs root and it will root it in one single click .
install kies in your pc . it will automatically install corresponding usb drivers . edit : samsung kies is a freeware software application used to communicate between windows or mac operating systems , and more recently manufactured samsung mobile phone and tablet computer devices , usually using a usb cable connection ( though wireless lan kies connectivity is now possible using some devices ) . this software may be used for : data backup data transfer ( between a windows or mac pc , and a samsung mobile device ) , limited to certain media file formats . multimedia ( audio , photos , video , etc . ) management , but limited to certain file formats . purchase/acquisition of additional or special device features . device firmware and operating system ( os version ) upgrades . to work all these , usb driver should be installed . so when you install this software it will automatically detect your device and install usb drivers .
the one you want is event-> phone ringing . the state-> phone call would not activate until you have answered the call . event profiles activate and deactivate rather quickly so you probably would not see it if you were trying to watch for the green active color . however , you mentioned that it did not even set a variable through a test task . were you using a global variable for that or a local variable ? try using the flash action to flash the caller 's name and see if that pops up . once you get that working and confirmed , you might need to do some more work on your announcement . i am guessing you are using the say action . you will need to uncheck respect audio focus in order for say to talk over the phone ringer since the ringer takes precedence . you will probably also want to turn the ringer off temporarily using the ringer volume action to allow the say action to finish and then turn the ringer back on .
the weird problem had a weird solution . i turned the phone off and turned it on again , and the problem was gone . i can not give any reason as to why the problem occurred and why it got solved . might be a bug .
64-bit wep key in ascii mode is 5 characters , and since you have said your wep key is 0e39c004e1 , you have to enter it in hex mode . i am not sure if your phone can handle hex input , so if i were you , i would try to ( temporarily ) assign some other wep password , which can be entered in ascii mode ( 5 random characters , letters or numbers ) , and see if that works from your phone . since you have mentioned that both your phones , xperia x10 and xperia s have the same problem with this router , it might be a good idea to invest about $30 in small wifi router , which can connect to your home network and serve internet to your phones and other wireless devices . i use tl-mr3020 and it works perfectly in many situations .
i think this is most likely a problem with the android platform itself . my own lg p500 phone will not connect to any wep secured network even though the key is 100% correct . in that case it was an imac desktop with connection sharing through wep , as that was the only option available for sharing . it is not ideal , but perhaps finding a good compelling article about the benefits of wpa over wep and presenting it to your landlord might be the easiest fix here .
i just thought of posting my solution here as well in order to help others that might face this problem in the future . after troubleshooting the problem for over two months , i have finally been able to resolve the problem with the help of a belkin technical support engineer . just for clarification , the problem is neither with the phones nor the router . it is to do with the wifi settings that can be accessed via the gateway i/p address ( in my case it was : 192.168.2.1 ) . i have followed the below steps that made it work for me ( please note that this solution may not help all the other wep problems , it just seemed to help in my case . the best idea is to check up with your router 's technical support department unless there is a problem with your phone ) . wifi settings changed : disabled firewall disabled wan ping blocking the most important part : under security , i changed the wireless channel from '10' to '9' . changed the configuration from "802.11 b/g/n " to "802.11 g only " . changed the ssid name from say : " belkin-router " to " belkin " . applied changes and hurray , my phones got instantly connected . hope this helps others as well .
not sure if you mean you still want to use gv services , but with your phones ' native number ? or do you mean you want to completely circumvent using gv sometimes ? if you meant still use gv , but with your native number : voice-> settings-> this phone 's number then just choose your phone 's native number ( you are still using gv services , but caller-id will show your phone 's number , not your gv number ) . if you meant completely circumvent gv and use your phone as if gv was not installed : voice-> settings-> making calls . choose either Do not use Google Voice to make any calls or Ask every time I make a call
if you did a factory reset , you should be able to connect it to the computer and it should allow you to delete files from the internal storage . mtp is limiting though in the fact that you can not use a secure erase program ( one that overwrites the file multiple times with random data ) . this will be quite difficult to do with a broken screen . the other option is to use odin to restore it to stock . odin overwrites all the partitions including the full /data partition which will wipe the internal storage . just follow any of the guides on how to return to stock or unbrick the device , like this one for the international s3 . if you have one of the lte or carrier versions you will need an appropriate guide for that version . you can do everything blind in odin , just follow the directions carefully .
download an application called " android file transfer " . the application should pop up automatically whenever you set " media sync " once you connect the mac to your phone via the usb . then , you should be able to drag and drop files to and from your phone to the mac .
the way it works for me is that i use the " mtp " transfer function on my lg optimus g , together with the android file transfer , which is downloadable here : http://www.android.com/filetransfer/ and tadaaa ! it works .
i found a few work arounds , although not too elegant . music i used winamp for mac , and the winamp app to transfer the music from my itunes library . i loaded winamp , and told it to import my itunes media , waited for it to finish , then created playlists . i can then right-click the playlist on the left , and click send to-> lg optimus g . the transfer took a while over wifi , but it moved my library over other files i used the bluetooth exchange program for my mac . in hindsight , i learned eventually i could have transferred via wifi with es file explorer ' s ftp or smb sharing . but again , this is how i solved it . bluetooth was deadly slow , but it did eventually work .
the focus function is achieved by moving the lens back or forth so it is actually a mechanical thing . you can try it yourself . download zxings barcode scanner and fire it up . you will hear a click every time it tries to refocus you can also see the lens moving back and forth .
often there is no focus at all . these cameras often make up for a complete lack of focus by having a large depth of field , which is exactly what is done with those " disposable " film cameras . digital zoom is a simple scaling of the input image , so there is no need to adjust zoom when digital zoom is applied , for the same reason there is no need to apply focus when scaling an image in photoshop . focus is only needed for optical zooms because optical zoom changes the focal length of the camera .
the apps will not just change when your version changes . all apps have a minimum api version which is required to use the app . so if your apps all have a minimum api version of e.g. froyo and there is no special version for gingerbread all will stay the same . the properties of the android version cannot be changed , only if you compile your own system and write a different version number in there . but this will not solve the problem of the api versions : if you fake an android 4.0.3 with 2.3.6 real system version , some apps will probably not run because they need to have api version 15 and not 8 .
you can reset the default application settings in settings > apps > [ your app ] > " launch by default "
there are many options for custom roms , even for " older " phones such as the s3 . personally i would recommend paranoid android rom as it is very " googley " . i run it on my htc one x and it is very good . you can get started with that by looking on the xda community for that device . unfortunately , you will have to wipe your apps and data , but if you are rooted you can do a backup with something like titanium backup . you may be able to get away with just installing the apk for gear manager , there are many people that have reported that this works on other devices . yes , you will still have access to the play store if you flash the correct gapps for your device .
my phone was a yakju and i do not know why those ones are updated like 2 months after the takju . i had to flash it manually to turn it into a takju and after reboot the update was directly available .
two possible reasons : your carrier has not released the update to their customers yet . check their support website or call their support to ask . if you have ever rooted your phone and removed and of the systems applications , which includes bloatware apps like facebook that come preinstalled , you cannot get ota updates as your phone 's system will not match the update anymore and so it will not install .
maybe wait , i had a nexus one and my phone get ota three or four month after the google release , because of my carrier . but you can get the zip file of the ota package and make a manual install . you can find the file on xda i think .
i have the same problem for about half of a year . i have tried entering " checkin " secret code in phone dialer many times , many weeks in a row , tried to clear data of google service framework - no luck . but yesterday i have finally get updated to android os 4.1.1 ! here is how i did this : open phone dialer , enter *#*#2432546#*#* ( numbers is representing word " checkin" ) wait for message " checkin succeeded " in status bar ( you need active internet connection , wifi or mobile - does not matter ) open system settings -> apps -> all -> google services framework click " force stop " button , wait few seconds next click " clear data " button when open settings -> about -> system updates . you should see something like " last checked for update on 1/1/1970 " click " check now " button if you did not receive update yet , repeat this procedure from first step few more times ( i have succeeded after second attempt ) . you could also try to replace step 7 by step 1 . all this sounds very strange for me , but i have tried some separate parts of this sequence many times before and it did not work . yesterday i have repeat all 8 step exactly as them written above , two time in a row - and i have finally get jelly bean on my galaxy nexus ( i have yakjuxw firmware ) .
i think to move to the standard google build , you have to root your nexus to bypass the signature verification . otherwise you can not go to the google build . i have a nexus one and it is the same thing . before , i can get the google ota , i had to root my phone .
on xda someone has a set of tools/instructions to determine the dependencies : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1476797
the manufacturer of this device does not claim that it is an android device , and the error you are seeing indicates that standard parts of the api framework have been omitted . it looks like they are using a heavily cut-down version of aosp . unless you can find or port a full android rom to this device , you will not be able to get these apps working . you might have better luck with apps written for older android versions which do not use so much of the framework : in particular , the missing function in this case was added in android 4.1 , so a launcher older than that might work .
user dictionary manager might be what you are looking for . from the description : udm is an application that allows you to edit/export/import/delete/clean the user dictionary words found on your android phone .
i am also using the app settings extension , and ' show when locked ' was enabled . d'oh . i do not think i did this , but might have done whilst experimenting with my new phone ! thanks @chahk1 for the helpful comment which gave me a hint on where to look . : )
i tried a lot of things . i think switching usb cables made a difference . after i switched and tried the vol down button holding while inserting the usb cable , the phone was recognized in emma but it was locked . but i was able to make flash mode work . so i retried pc companion , the update option which mentions resetting the phone/having trouble which opens a new menu . there i had to download the latest firmware first and then i had to do the vol down thing again after which it started installing the firmware on the phone . emma and pc companion are sony software .
does the phone fully boot or does it reboot almost immediately ? i have had similar experiences with phones ( from other vendors ) not being recognized until some time after they have booted ( mostly likely services need to start etc . etc . ) . i love ( not ) how this happens just at the time when you need to repair your phone ! have you tried removing sim cards , extra storage etc . sometimes if you can get the device to boot differently it will get far enough along to be " recognized " .
from the sources , it looks like it is printing out the contents of the SignalStrength object : this object is described in detail on the android developers reference here . the string representation of the signalstrength class is defined here ( search for " tostring " function ) : this basically tells you the columns in the dumpsys output .
you can find the code that produces this output in signalstrength . java in the android framework . even if you do not know java , it is pretty easy to see which raw value is which . if there are any values you do not understand ( the names are pretty concise and only make sense if you are familiar with phone standards ) , you can read the inline documentation elsewhere in the same file .
a bit more digging and i think i have turned up the answer . the reason it is not working is because the terminal app does not request super-user permission in its manifest , e.g. : &lt;uses-permission android:name="android.permission.ACCESS_SUPERUSER"/&gt;  this extra layer of security appears to be because the terminal application is a java application , although it does a good job of hiding it . the superuser appears to shim things somehow so java apps can get this permission , even if they did not know they needed it when they were created .
the clue is in the owner/group id . . . $ ls -l /system/bin/su -rwsr-xr-x root app_101 26234 2012-07-09 15:00 su  notice the group id is set to ' app_101' , that should be ' root ' , but then again , you need the busybox binary ( which is part of the superuser . apk binary , when installed , it copies the relevant said binary into /system/xbin ) in order to be able to chown it .
try adding the -c option . e.g. su -c sh  or  su -c 'echo bogus'  ( for more arguments )
i think " phone idle " just means general power use from the phone being on ( listening for user activation , waiting for scheduled app actions , basic memory and cpu " being on " stuff etc . ) whereas " cell standby " is about keeping the phone active on the cell network ( brief signals back and forth with cell towers alerting them of your presence , listening for calls or sms ) .
i believe the clock application on the htc desire is one made by htc and not google . i believe google is in the process of releasing their own clock application via the market as they have done with their other apps like maps and soon to be gmail .
it appears that it is possible to get the " set alarm . . . " voice action working by installing a leaked version of deskclockgoogle . apk as described on this website . i have not tested it . it seems that this feature is not yet officially released but is coming soon .
in order for the voice actions to successfully set the alarm the device must contain an app that implements the android.intent.action.SET_ALARM intent . ( read more in the documentation of android . provider . alarmclock . ) there is no guarantee that your device contains such an app ( unless it is a stock android ) . the situation is worse on samsung galaxy s ii ( with ics ) which by default comes with samsung 's own clock app which seems to handle the intent but actually does not , i.e. in response to the voice action a blank clock window pops up and no alarm is set . so voice actions will not even find out that the alarm setting task was not carried out . the only app that i am aware of that properly handles this intent and can be used with voice actions is alarm clock plus★ . it is likely that there are more such apps but android market does not make finding them easy , because it does not offer a search-by-intent feature . . .
allowing cpu frequency to be set directly by user level process is a security issue . it is a hardware functionality that could affect other processes running on the system . on an ideal system , no user level process should be able to affect the execution of another user 's processes , except through explicit interprocess communication ( e . g . pipes , signals , files , etc ) . examples of damages that could be done : battery life : a malicious or poorly written could set cpu at a constantly high level , draining more battery than is necessary , without attracting suspicion because it uses little cpu for itself . poor performance : a malicious or poorly written app could set the cpu frequency at constantly low level , resulting in poor performance . this could then be used to trick user into purchasing our downloading unnecessary optimizer apps , among others . conflicting cpu frequency set by multiple apps could lead to really unstable system performance and general havoc as they keep overriding each other . this reason alone could make the whole cpu frequency setting useless . the solution to this ? any single process should not be able to directly set cpu frequency . instead non root process should only be able to give hints , and the system could then pick the best frequency setting , taking into account the hints from all processes , system policy , and process accounting information . this is what cpufreq " governers " are . one of the job of operating system is to moderate access to shared resources . also , it should be noted that lowering cpu frequency does not always lead to better battery life , depending on the work load , lower frequency could also mean it takes longer time to finish the task , and this could easily negate the savings .
mucking about with cpu frequencies can lead to instabilities in your system and might also lead to hardware damage . such a critical function is best left out of the hands of normal users who do not really need to make such changes . since this most certainly a core ( important ) function , one needs root access .
1 ) because only the root user can change the system 's frequency/governor . it is a system level function call and only root can do that . 2 ) under clocking really is not the problem . . . it is over clocking . you can not really damage the device , but you could end up in an infinite boot loop and an average user may not know how to get out of that . 3 ) also : you usually want to replace the kernel when over/under clocking to get new frequencies and possibly under volting to save power ( but at the same time , you are going out of the parameters of the cpu and it may end up boot looping because no two cpus are made exactly alike when you are doing things outside their normal operating parameters ) .
if have to disagree with sparx , if you change the cpu frequency via the supported methods that every modern cpu provides , changing it , even in a fast sequence , does not affect stability . i would even rule out hardware damage , because of the sophisticated security mechanisms in modern cpus ( overheat protection , etc . ) . why can only root set the frequency and the frequency governor ? well , first because it is linux that only allows root to do so . second , i think that it is because the average user should not care about . it is the system that decides which frequency is the best in the current situation . it does so automatically , without user intervention and it does the job good under android ( imho ) . while thinks like setcpu can prolong battery life , it also can shorten it , if it is done wrong . the question here is : do you believe that a 3rd party app does better battery management than the one that the manufacturer of the device ? in certain cases sure , but not always .
this is marginally unanswerable . there certainly is no specific decision available regarding devices -> google has an internal maximum , but updates are mostly done by manufacturers , for instance samsung or htc . low-end devices will receive much less ( if any at all ) updates from their manufacturer . high end devices will be able to run run new versions much longer , and if you take into account that you can put custom roms on the devices it is a complete open field . so while the linked quote by @qdoe gives some rule of thumb for google 's idea about support , i would not look too hard at it . it is a combination of manufacturer and devices specifications and what the user does : just like other hardware . now for devices vs versions this is also tricky : while we have devices that might-or-might-not be end-of-life in terms of support/updates that get there automatically , there is something as major versions . at a certain point one version ( say 2 . x ) is not being updated to x+1 , but there is no specific reason that you can not update to 4 , apart from limitations on device etc . so while a major version might be ' end-of-life ' , this has no specific meaning . in the end it all hangs on why you want this information . you say you are a software-engineer , so i suppose you are releasing android apps ? your best course of action then is to always develop with the latest ( 4.3 currently ) sdk version as target , with the minimum set quite a bit lower ( as low as you can without losing functionality ) . most of the functionality is available backward-compatible through the support-sdk 's , so you could as a for instance use fragments if you want in a min . 2 . x supported app . i would step away from the " this is for version x , i need to know the lifetime " frame of mind .
for android devices the answer is : 18 months is the maximum supported lifetime . i found this in the google android faq . it is said that the 2 year old galaxy nexus does not recieve an update to android 4.4 " kitkat": galaxy nexus , which first launched two years ago , falls outside of the 18-month update window when google and others traditionally update devices .
sync your google account in emulator , and go to play store .
steps : go to sdk/platform-tools with the command cd /home/android-sdk/platform-tools you should copy the .apk you want to install in this directory and add the path of it to environment variable in variable path " you might need restart"(PATH=$PATH:path to apk) list the devices with the command . /adb devices you can install your file with . /adb install . filename . apk example for step 2 : . /adb devices list of devices attached emulator-5554 device example for step 3 : . /adb install andexplorer . apk 1083 kb/s ( 338651 bytes in 0.305s ) pkg : /data/local/tmp/andexplorer . apk success
well this is defined per app in its manifest . it registers to a certain Intent . the app that implemented the ' open with ' option checks which applications react to a certain Intent , and shows the list of those applications . i do not think you can modify this at runtime . ( or you could create a new application which reacts the the ' open with ' and creates another intent which the photo editing app reacts to . )
if your device is rooted , you might want to take a look at location cache or ( if your android version is lower than 2.3.3 ) also android location cache viewer . both apps give you insight into google 's location cache , the first even permits you to clean or disable it . location cache ( source : google play ) note that those apps stopped working with android 2.3.3 ( cache viewer ) resp . android 4.0 ( location cache ) .
i asked a similar question . as a workaround , you can use the data profile feature of titanium backup pro with the analytics app .
it is because you have synchronization off . how else is your device supposed to tell the gmail servers that you have read a message ?
there are a few potential things that can cause this . you are too close to the router . seriously , this can happen on samsung devices . i have seen it on the s4 and note 3 . it is very unlikely but worth mentioning on a list . the 2.4ghz and 5ghz are interfering with something on the device . try turning 5ghz off altogether . you could add the phone 's ip address to the router 's allowed devices . in the phone 's network/wifi ( varies by device/version ) settings , untick auto switch between WiFi and mobile network as suggested here : tp-link router has the ability to create a ' guest ' network . so besides the 2ghz network and the 5ghz network , i created a 3rd network , only for the 2 mobile phones . in your router 's lan setup section you can add your phone to the section where it says Address Reservation
you need to do a factory reset via Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Factory Data Reset ( this may be under a different menu on newer versions of android . ) factory reset formats your device , erasing all 3rd-party installed apps and their settings . it also dis-associates your accounts ( google , or any others you may have added ) from the device , removing any synced contacts . you may also wish to format your sd card if you are giving it along with the phone . apps , books , music and videos that you purchased via google play store are tied to your google account . you will be able to re-download them to your new android device after signing in with your google account .
what i done is i found a programme called " android injector " which installs . apk files from your pc to your android . downloaded and installed the google apps and that sorted the market problem out . but i ddnt get to keep my old apps after i got link to sd it was blank . oh well . . . .
are you running a custom rom on your xperia x10 mini ? if you are missing the google talk app , this means that factory rest deleted some of the google apps required for market to work properly . i would suggest finding the appropriate gapps package for the rom you are running and re-flashing it .
sounds like the factory reset removed the changes that link2sd made . but if you now moved apps that are system apps ( like talk ) they are now " gone " . i am not 100% sure how link2sd works , if it uses an ext3 partition on the sdcard or what exactly it does . but it sounds like it really botched up your system . your best bet at this point it to find the stock rom and reflash the device back to the original stock setup . for future reference , a factory reset does not return the device to " stock setup " , it deletes all the user data off the device , as if it has never been used . it does not add any system apps or reset their " state " . if you make those kinds of changes , a factory reset does not fix them .
install catlog to check what is happening at the time of unlocking . without logs , its hard to tell how to fix it . factory reset is the last option ( not applicable if your firmware is broken ) . if factory reset is unable to fix it or you do not want to do factory reset , install third-party apps which could turn off data by renaming apn . i would recommend widgetsoid for it . after installing it , add Data Toggle widget on homescreen and choose APN Renaming as data toggle method from its settings . the bug can not by-pass it , for sure .
i had same issue i think . when you power off in gingerbread you get a power off popup confirmation screen . one of the other options shown will reset packet data . if you hit that by accident it will restore the packet data connection . there is an alternative way to stop 3g rather than turning packet data off but its pretty permanent for the mobile network you use .
maybe a factory reset will solve the problem , or if your phone is rooted and you have a custom recovery , then clear the dalvik cache .
the picture is linked to the google+ profile . when youtube switched to g+ for comments , existing youtube accounts were basically converted to a limited g+ profile . so , you may actually have more than one g+ profile . go to google+ on the computer . trust me it will be easier than the mobile site or the app . in the upper right corner , click on the picture or icon that is there . you should see the g+ profile you created and below it your youtube profile . if you are already on the profile with the picture , click on the " change photo " banner that appears over the profile photo . if you are not on the profile with the picture , click it to switch to that profile . then click the picture in the upper right again and click the " change photo " ribbon over the picture . now you can change the photo to whatever you want or just upload a generic or even solid color picture . i do not know of a way to completely delete it , so maybe just upload an all white box instead .
you are probably looking for k-9 mail , which is a traditional mail client in the spirit of mutt ( but with less vi ) .
i am going to answer generally , since the same is true of any smartphone . there are broadly two kinds of colour screen used on mobile devices ( smartphones , tablets , wearables , and handheld game consoles ) : lcds , and oleds . lcd screens these change their opacity according to an electrical signal . but to see that change in opacity , they need a source of illumination : a backlight . in early pdas and the first few generations of android phones , cfls ( which are basically small fluorescent tubes ) were used for backlights , but these days many lcd screens are lit by white leds . either way , the brightness slider controls how bright the backlight is by varying the voltage to it , so it directly affects power consumption , just like a dimmer control on a lamp . it used to be the case that lcds used a lot more power to be opaque , so displaying a black screen drew more power than displaying a white screen . however , manufacturing techniques and densities changed a few years ago , and the difference is negligible these days . oled screens oleds are a new kind of led . they can be a lot smaller than traditional semiconductor leds : small enough for each pixel to be a separate led . there is no need for a separate backlight . because of this , the brightness slider multiplies the brightness of every pixel separately . decreasing the brightness setting does not decrease power consumption directly . the power consumption of the screen depends on how bright is the actual image it is displaying . in general , decreasing the brightness slider will tend to decrease power consumption , because the screen is darker overall , but a white screen on minimum brightness will draw more power than a black screen on maximum brightness . some phones with oled screens have software that adjusts the brightness dynamically , instead of simply multiplying the screen colours by a constant value . this increases the brightness of the bright colours when more of the screen is dark , and decreases the brightness when more of the screen is bright , so the overall brightness looks the same . this can help save power : when you have adjusted the brightness so darks are clear in your environment , there is no point in the phone burning more power to make the brights look brighter than you need . on samsung phones with oled screens , you can find this in the display settings , labelled auto adjust screen tone . summary whatever type of display technology your phone uses , decreasing the brightness control can use less power , but for different reasons in each case .
lowering screen brightness is one of the energy-saving tips always coming out on top . that is not even specific to your samsung galaxy mega , but valid for all devices . for other tips ( and more details ) , see e.g. what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ?
answer : no based on the currently available information at their support faq page , no , you cannot disable the " sim card change notification " feature with remove sms control : how can i control device via sms configuration 1 ) set a password and enable sms command option using " preference " menu of the app 2 ) send sms commands locate phone : ## locate password siren : ## siren password lock screen : ## lock password screenlockpassword factory reset : ## wipe password reset and format sd : ## wipeall password toggle gps : ## gps password toggle wifi : ## wifi password toggle bluetooth : ## bluetooth password what can you do : you can let the phone owner know how to access the app and from there , pressing " preferences " , it can access the " allow notify via sms " enable/disable checkbox :
if you want them to stop why do not you make a new kik ? i have done the same blocked and it still happens i do not understand why but just make a new one or simply email kik messenger and report that person .
the answer is : you cannot . either wait out the harassment , do not open the app for a while , or switch discussion platforms with the people you care to talk to . all unsatisfying solutions , but . . . they are the only ones .
try wiping data and cache , and if it does not help , reflash rom to your phone via kdz updater .
there is this graph from over at wikipedia , which uses the data from google 's dashboard .
have you searched xda developers ' forums ? they are my number 1 goto for rooting and custom rom resources . rooting , depending on how you do it , can be risky so it is important to know what you are doing . in my opinion , your best bet is a custom rom , stock generally leaves a lot to be desired . the process is different for each manufacturer and rom . remember that the above mentioned will void your warranty , and always to read before you take any action . good luck .
changing the default language to non hebrew should solve the problem . i know that may be a pain , but the only other option then is to manually change it . these areas of the email messages are " populated " and use the device language to get the values to use .
if you go into the web version of the play store and then click on the link my market account at the top of the screen it shows you all the free and paid apps that you have downloaded since you opened your android google account . from here you can also click the app name and then click the download button which then sends the download to your phone . i have done this quite a few times when i have had to reinstall my phone hope this helps
actually , tasker is the key here . you can find a tutorial here : control which app is the default for an action . in addition to tasker , you will need the secure settings plug-in . the action involved which can be found there is called package state , where you can select between disable , enable , and toggle . so basically it is a work-around : you disable firefox when switching to 3g , so only opera is available then and will be used . as soon as you switch to wifi ( tasker condition : wifi connected ) , you toggle both package states , so firefox becomes the default browser as it is the only one available .
sounds more like a virus . the only guarenteed way is to flash a fresh rom and start over . malware is getting smarter and smarter and may be able to hide itself on the os unless you start fresh .
it is a fairly common issue apparently . here 's how to fix it : link just killing the dmclient and cmclient services and rebooting did the trick for me . but disclaimer : results may vary .
you can try a custom home launcher , which is another term for home screen , instead of touchwiz , samsung 's default launcher . go launcher is a popular one and is very customizable . adw is another one that has good performance . doing a search for " launcher " in the play store will bring up multiple options .
because sammy 's software is buggy ! if yours is a galaxy s i9000 , then there are ics roms on xda forum which i found far smoother and usable on my phone than samsung 's touchwiz gingerbread . if you do not want to go through the hassle of rooting , flashing a custom rom , then i suggest that you backup your data and do a factory reset . settings=&gt;privacy=&gt;factory data reset 
since you are rooted , you could try to replace the browser app with one from a " stock " rom that does not have the different search engine . the problem would be if the device is odexed , you might not be able to just replace the app . in which case you would have to install a completely different rom for the device .
are you able to access the google search app to install it from the market ? this will allow you to add the google search box to your home screen , as many android devices have it set by default . i am pretty sure that this should also add it to to the browsers list of search engines for those who want to search from the address bar . other than that you had just need to change your browser 's home page , which ( assuming your carrier has not locked that down ) you should be able to change in the browser 's settings ( open the browser , press menu , scroll down to and click on set home page and change to http://www.google.com ( or your regional version ) ) .
it looks like there are several apps that purport to do this . two that i found are : areyouthereyet ihavearrived
tasker can have approaching/leaving a location as a trigger , and sending a text message as an action . i have read before of people setting it up to do exactly what you are asking for .
life360 will notify you when anyone leaves or arrives from locations you set . you can create two locations for free .
you can try the gps share app . it is simple to use and does exactly what its name says .
wow , i figured it out ! i just had to go back to settings , then applications , then all , and then enable google play services again ! i had not deleted it after all ! yay !
to return to the last page you visited , you can just tap on the screen to notice a bar in the bottom . if you look closer you can see a blue triangle that marks the last visited page . click on it and you will return to that page ! click image for larger version hope this helps .
the htcbeatsnotify app is what shows the beats notification . if you disable it the notification does not show up . check that you have that app in all apps and it is not disabled .
i got a reply from htc technical support . make of it what you will , i have asked the lady to clarify what she means as i do not understand her engrish . thank you for providing me with the additional details to enable me to resolve your enquiry . it’s always our aim to ensure that our customers’ issues are resolved first time and i’m sorry that this has not happened in your case . thank you for performing the steps outlined in my previous email . i can confirm this has been removed in the 1.28 update for your device , headset setting they have now are gone and turns into “other” . i am sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused you . i look forward to hearing that this has resolved your enquiry , to close your email or alternatively to reply to me please follow the links below . you will shortly receive an email asking you to submit your feedback , i would appreciate if you could take the time to let me know about the level of service i have provided you with . apologies for the formatting , the htc support portal strips everything ! :facepalm : so , in order to see the icon again . you need to plugin a headset/headphones drag down your notifications bar , and hit ' settings ' click on ' sound ' you will notice the ' sound enhancer ' menu is now not greyed out tap this and you will then get a choice of ' sound enhancers ' to use confirmed as working for me .
setting up a wifi network : you can simply start a WiFi hotspot on your android device , and connect laptop to this wifi network . or you can also connect to a wifi network created by host laptop , because your aim is to transfer files . edit : as op told that there is no ui available on his device ( wifi only device ) , obiviously , the only possibility to do this on un-rooted phone is to create wifi network on the other device and connect to that device , or to root the phone and add this functionality by yourself . you may be interested in following links : sms and wifi tethering on nexus 7 nexus 7 hotspot and tether can i tether from a wifi only device ? asus nexus 7 tethering and wifi hotspot not available activating wifi hotspot tethering on a verizon droid with froyo 2.2 portable wi-fi hotspot free wifi tether - rooted wifi tether for root users transferring files in a wifi network : afaik , once you are in a wifi network , you can use es file manager for this . because there is a window with name " lan " . this may give you a clue . ( i did not transferred files though )
i use foxfi to start hot spots without having to root my phone . the app is free , as well .
as you said your phone is unrooted , which has two implications . you can not , without altering the phone thoroughly check whether it was tampered with . it makes it harder to tamper with the device . so what you are asking for is not possible without possibly destroying evidence of tampering . if you are afraid what they might have done to it i suggest two options : either do a factory reset or buy a new phone . even if you could look for evidence of tampering be aware that you can never be sure . checksums and modification dates can be faked . if i was you i would ditch that phone . i could never feel safe knowing that someone i do not know access to it for two days . prevention is another thing though . if you want to make sure that this does not happen again watch out for these things : screen lock . use at least a complicated pattern lock makes an attacker harder to access your data . even better set a pass phrase . root this gives complete control to anyone who has physical access to your device . plant fake call logs ? done ! fake text messages ? done ! install undetectable surveillance software ? done ! you get the idea . superuser ( the de facto standard app for managing root access ) has an option to require a passcode as a prerequisite to granting root . use it . disable usb debugging while it is not too dangerous in itself if coupled with root it can provide access to the entire contents of your device even if you have a screen lock . encryption if your device is running android 3.0 or later you have acces to full device encryption . use it . backup apps apps like titanium backup can backup sensitive data to your sdcard . even if you did all of the above , all an attacker would have to do is take out your sdcard an voila ! full access to everything ! make sure that your backups are encrypted with the strongest possible encryption .
i do not have experience with droid x2 in particular , so your results might be different , but i would suggest to find custom recovery boot image for your phone ( clockworkmod is recommended ) , then boot it with fastboot boot custom_recovery_you_found command and proceed with full nandroid backup of your phone . there might be some additional steps necessary to enable fastboot to work on your phone , usually they are described on the page you get your custom recovery from . regarding the malware that might be installed , you will never be sure . Factory wipe only wipes your data from the phone , but does not touch system applications . if you are really afraid of someone introducing malware to your phone , i would recommend to root it and install a custom rom , which will totally overwrite boot and system partitions , effectively destroying any possible modifications .
i tried a different approach , seeing the problem was with radio / telephony . . . i put in another sim from a different carrier , and so far i am having no reboots ! what is the difference ? my main carrier is a " virtual carrier " , a company that rents other company 's network to offer their service , usually with more competitive prices . the sim i am using now is from a traditional carrier that owns the network directly . what i think happens is that when using a virtual carrier , you are having a sort of permanent roaming : the phone has to first get into the network owning carrier and then join the virtual network of the virtual carrier . somehow this is making the droid 3 crazy . the signal strength meter was indeed showing a small " r " indicating i was in roaming . i assumed this was because being an us phone , it took any non-us network as roaming , but now that i am using the regular carrier sim , the signal strength bar is not showing " r " anymore . seems i will have to change my carrier to a network owner , which unfortunately have much less competitive prices . but at least i found a way of using the droid 3 without constant reboots ! ! for future reference to other spanish users : i am having the reboots using a simyo sim ( which runs on the orange network ) , but with a movistar sim there are no reboots .
it sounds to me it could a hardware issue and not a software issue . things i would try flashing even more roms . try cm7 if it is available for droid 3 . if it keeps rebooting with other roms , you most likely have a hardware problem hardware suggestions : try a new/different battery . also , since you are using gsm and it deals with losing your signal , perhaps it is an issue with your sim card ? otherwise : contact customer support and tell them of your hardware issue of reboots . they might have some additional info or procedures to help you . or a new refurb phone . ( but since you are in spain , that sounds like a problem ) .
nexus 5 is pretty easy to correct that issue just find a working cm kernel . . . this ones kinda nice : http://forum.xda-developers.com/google-nexus-5/development/kernel-bum-5-t2774572 boot to recovery . " adb push [ your new kernel file here . zip ] /sdcard/ then wait . . . flash the new kernel . zap the dalvik cache . as they say " profit " . . .
resolved : using this ( http://android-revolution-hd.blogspot.ca/2013/12/how-to-copy-rom-zip.html ) then flashing the zip uploaded to the device . note : if your cellular stops working or glitches out re-flash the stock radio ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2513701 ) or completely re-flash stock then you are free to continue roming !
you cannot pull data folder directly since adb does not have file listing access to it . if you want to pull the /data folder you can do it via recovery ( [ custom recovery , cwm/twrp ] run adb while device is in recovery mode , hopefully a custom recovery ) . or as root , copy /data to another directory ( sdcard ) and pull it from there .
files and directories below /data/data are protected from the " average user " , so you cannot simply " pull " them unless the adb daemon is running in root mode . other than the file you were referring to ( /system/buildprop is at least readable by all apps ) , folders below /data/data are " invisible " ( except for root ) , so they cannot even be read . to be able to use adb pull on them , you need to make your adb daemon run in root mode first . depending on the device , a simple adb root command might do that – but most devices will refuse to do . in those cases , you can use chainfire 's adbd insecure : install this app on your device , start it there , and manually switch to " insecure " mode . now the pull should succeed . remark : it is called " insecure " because running adbd as root gives everybody with a computer and an usb cable access to everything on your device . just in case you wonder .
you may be in luck ; i just finished building git for kbox2 . once i test it and figure out how to run a staged install for redistribution purposes , i can upload it and post a link edit : i have contacted the kbox2 developer ; if the client works hopefully he can package it for download/install to the kbox2 system . if you are feeling adventurous ( or impatient ) , you can always build it in kbox2 yourself ; there is a couple of gcc packages available in the downloads section
basically there are two run-time environments on android . 1 ) dalvik vm : dalvik is the managed runtime used by applications and some system services on android . dalvik was originally created specifically for the android project . 2 ) art- art is a new android runtime being introduced experimentally in the 4.4 release that will eventually replace dalvik . this is a preview of work in progress in kitkat that can be turned on in settings > developer options . important : dalvik must remain the default runtime or you risk breaking your android implementations and third-party applications . above content is from android developer site .
short answer : unless you have changed it yourself , it is dalvik . dalvik is currently the supported vm for android . art is a new vm , which is expected to become the supported one for the future l release . if you are using the l developer preview , you are using art . in kitkat , there is a preview ( an early beta version ) of art , which you can turn on from the developer options . it is not recommended to do this , because the preview has bugs and is not yet compatible with all apps . the option 's there primarily for app developers to test their apps with art and report bugs . so unless you are using the l developer preview , or have turned on art in the developer settings , you are using dalvik , which is the only recommended option for end users .
the problem was in the android version , after i got firmware update it fixed the problem
i also have that problem . it starts when the battery goes really low . so , keep it charged up . if you take the battery out for awhile , it will reset . but , get another battery . best buy has them for as low as 8 bucks online .
no , having a sim card from a particular country does not get you that country 's play store . see this answer on a related question for instructions from google play support about moving to a different country .
the basic test you should do is to just switch the sim card : have a coworker of yours try their sim in your phone , or try your sim in their phone , and see if it works . if your sim can not log into the network on a different phone , you should contact your phone company for explanation . on the other hand , if it is your phone , then you should look into that .
ivona voice sounds the best hands down ( especially amy and the new not yet on android salli voice ) . works great on all apps for me . sadly , whenever i reboot phone , ivona no longer works . only fix is to reinstall the whole thing which is a total pita . i still do it though cause it sounds so much better then any of the other choices .
if it is possible , you can update to jelly bean ( regular or via mod ) . android 4.1 comes with a new google tts engine that sounds very natural and imho tops svox classic ( at least the german voice as of q3/2012 ) . included languages so far are : english ( us or uk accent ) spanish french italian german
i use svox classic , it is rather natural and comes with many languages , you can even choose between different speakers ( male/female/ . . . ) for some languages . drawback : it is not free , each language costs around 3eur . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.svox.classic
uc browser is the only popular android browser i have found to support swipe navigation ( i.e. . one-finger dragging from left or right side slides to previous/next page without refreshing ) . swiping only works adequately in fit-to-screen mode , but even though it is not as smooth as safari , it does the job . : )
xscope browser can do this . you can also set the swipe from bezel like ios .
i would expect tts and asr to be very memory-intensive as they process input ( which needs to be stored and transformed ) and generate output . so slow memory would probably be a limiting factor with a fast cpu . there should also be a little i/o -- loading voice samples for comparison and playback -- but i would not expect it to be as much of an issue . i can not get any more specific since i do not know how the default engine works ( i suspect few people outside google do ) . you might get a better answer on stackoverflow , since this is more of a question about the specifics of an algorithm and not really about android use .
it is simply not possible for system user to prevent another process from accessing network , it can only be done by root , therefor root is required to do firewall changes to your system .
mobiwol is an android firewall application that does not require root . they somehow use the vpn interface for firewalling ( without actually connecting you to a vpn server ) . we have used technology available to us from within the vpn packaging module offered by android to be able to gain visibility to your applications ' network activities i tried it and it works fine for ics . should be compatible with any device running android 3.2 or later
the other answers are correct in that setting firewall rules requires root . and if you have root , you could simply deny internet permissions for a specific app without even needing a firewall ( permissions denied or built-in with a cyanogenmod rom ) . however , there is something you can do to partially circumvent the problem . using set dns , you can change your dns provider for wifi . set it to something like open dns . from there , you can set up rules in dns to block certain domains . thus , when on wifi , you could block apps from making requests to a specific domain . unfortunately , you can not do this your your cellular connection ; in fact , most cell providers override any dns requests and use their own server no matter what . if you set up a vpn , you could do the same thing over your cellular connection , but if you have a vpn set up , you could use that server to set up firewall rules anyway .
restricting internet access of specific apps is not possible on a non-rooted device . so , an app does not exist .
it may be the link to the play store was lost . i think if you install an app from , say , the amazon app store , google play will not be able to update or uninstall it , as the link is gone . similarly , restoring an app from a previous rom backup may not create that link . titanium backup can recreate the links ( the free version can can not do this ) . or you could uninstall the app and try installing it fresh from google play .
the avd is not in charge for real devices . there is a step-by-step tutorial from xamarin for nexus devices : http://developer.xamarin.com/guides/android/getting_started/installation/set_up_device_for_development/ http://developer.xamarin.com/guides/android/deployment,_testing,_and_metrics/debugging_with_xamarin_android/ if this will not work , try to stop your firewall .
the " v " in avd manager stands for virtual , which is your clue that this tool is only for managing virtual devices ( i.e. . emulator images ) , not real devices . accordingly , you should not expect your real device to show up there . you do not need to use avd manager at all for debugging , if you are using a real device : the tool you are using should just show a list of devices .
you can run a jar provided that is a midlet for mobile ( j2me ) there are some jvm available in the market . i used them a lot in the early days of my g1 for some " killer apps " ( opera mini , qq )
update 8/16/2011 minecraft pocket edition is now available in the google play store ! however it seems it will only be available for the sony ericsson 's xperia play . update engadget hands-on of the game here is a video from " sonyericssondev " showing minecraft being played on the xperia play update : it looks like minecraft mobile will be revealed at e3 2011 ( june 7-9 ) . however it will only be available on ' . . . sony ericsson 's playstation-certified xperia play ' at first and then sometime later available for other android devices . sources : gamersutra droidgamers previous posts below while it may not be possible right now , it looks like the developer will eventually bring minecraft to android . androidcentral engadget edit : i found a ' minedroid ' google code page today - i have not tried it myself but under " downloads " there is an apk that was release on feb 25th . i suggest looking at the wiki for instructions on installing and running . edit 2: i found droidcraft just a few minutes ago . while it is not true minecraft the describes it as an " android survival / crafting game inspired by minecraft " . i am downloading now to check it out . game website
i know nothing about minecraft but i can not see how it would be possible without rewriting big chunks of it . even if you can convert the jar to an . apk , there are many java classes that are not part of the android api . furthermore , android does not include awt , swing or java 2d/3d , it has its own ui and graphics apis , so the user interface would need to be rewritten .
android cannot just " run " native java applications . android does not have a java virtual machine . android uses a dalvik virtual machine , which is completely different . while android applications are written in java , it is a " subset " of actual java . so even if you could run the jar files through a " converter " , there is no guarantee the code is actually supported by dalvik .
this problem went away after i installed a kernel and rom that was developed more specifically for my particular phone , the sc-02c . the lesson learned was to be really sure before rooting or upgrading that one is working with the exact right rom and kernel .
i have a samsung 42" volume uncontrollable and the red power light flickers . this might not be for everyone , before replacing it with a new one i sprayed the on-off switch for a few days . each day it improved now i have no problem . sonny
many others have had this problem and have overcome it by loading the persist app from google play : audio management made easy - persist puts you in complete control of your audio with a variety of volume controls and settings . presets volume locker - prevent volume changes silent and vibrate modes . . .
some apps cannot install for multiple users . searching the developer forums , the only suggested solution is to contact the app developer ( microsoft ) and ask them to test and enable multi-user support . technically , it is likely only a small issue like hard-coding where user-data should be stored and accessed instead of using the system provided path variables . very trivial to fix once the developer is aware of the issue . if the app as open-source you could probably have done it yourself .
i am getting the same problem and have not encrypted my nexus 7 's storage ( but it is rooted ) . any luck ? i have attempted to update it several times with no success . to reset the " check for updates " and allow you to attempt the update again , try the following : in settings > apps > all ( tab ) , search for google services framework , clear it is data and kill it . then go to settings > about tablet > system update , and it will find the update .
i managed to work it out with the nexus root toolkit in the end . however , i did not get around scrapping the existing contents this way . so what i did was to back up all my data and applications and then flash a new stock rom ( 4.2.1 ) . this worked fine , but it means i needed to re-encrypt the device and restore from the backup whatever i wanted . so it was more tedious than expected , but well worth it in hindsight . especially the multi-user system is worth it for me .
had the same problem . fixed by full reset and manual flash by fastboot , but all data need to backed up and restored . do not flash system partition only , or you will get bootloop ! there is not caused by encription , but maybe by supersu ( not tested , because of rooting-unrootng for me was need more time , than clean install and configure for 2 users ) . p.s. and get ready , what some apps not working with secondary users - i have crashes with tapatalk , for example . . .
to connect any device to your galaxy s3 ( or any other host-capable android device ) , you need a otg host cable . without that host cable , the phone does not know it is supposed to act as the host rather than as a peripheral . this is an example of such a cable . most online retailers carry similar ones .
yes , you need an otg cable . the pin layout is different than a regular micro usb to usb cable ; essentially , it is equivalent to shorting pins 4 and 5 on a normal cable . this is what causes the phone to know that it needs to be the host rather than the slave . in fact , you can do this yourself if you are handy with electronics and have a cable you do not mind taking apart , though they are also readily available at many online retailers ( amazon , newegg , monoprice , etc ) .
where is the application installed the . apk file is put into /data/app ( see : where in the file system are applications installed ? ) where are its preferences stored this depends on the application . if it uses the sharedpreferences classes then they go in /data/data/&lt;app's package name&gt;/shared_prefs , but they could feasibly be stored anywhere the app can write data to ( i.e. . all of /data/data/&lt;app's package name&gt; , the sd card , etc ) . where is information such as usernames and passwords stored this also depends on the app . most often , probably somewhere in /data/data/&lt;app's package name&gt; . they could also use accountmanager apis ( the app must request this permission ) which i believe will use the /data/system/accounts.db database .
the samsung flavor of android ( and possibly others ? ) keeps the alerts accesible , but very well-hidden . click on the section of the bottom menu bar with the time , then slide up where it reads " settings " . the alerts are visible there .
the reason the op cannot see an app due to a message not available in your country is down to the very simple check on the sim card . each sim card has a carrier identification , and country code identification . when android powers up , the radio interface layer ( ril ) obtains the carrier and network information in which the baseband receives over the air , here is a small subset of an example taken from gingerbread source , apns-conf.xml notice the values for mcc , mnc , for spain for example , in this case , 214 , and 01 , 04 etc , that carrier information is transmitted across to the sim card and internally within android for reference . the play store , reads the phone state , and deduces the carrier information as a measure for " filtering " out apps based on the region/carrier . however , if the sim card is from the country of origin , for example , uk ( this also applies when roaming ) , android " remembers " the mcc and mnc and pushes that aside , and gets replaced with the preferential carrier 's network codes for the said values of mcc and mnc respectively when roaming , for example , spain . ( incidentally , as a side note , that is how auto-update of time-zones are supposedly to work , by looking up the mcc , and timezone , add on x minutes to the clock maintained by android ) . but that is in a nutshell , in how the play store determines what to show for that intended audience based on their respective network . there are work-arounds available , by faking the carrier code is one , market enabler does that exactly that . please see the other answer that was posted in how to get-around the limitations and work-arounds .
there is indeed an extension which does this . it is called phony and you should be able to find it if you use the addons search from within firefox mobile . after it is installed , you will get a new drop-down entry in your preferences menu where you can choose your user agent ( the most recent version actually has more choices than the picture below ) :
i had to rename the file first ( added . mp4 to the end ) . worked perfectly in mxplayer
go to the cache , and find the file that you want to play . there will be 2 files with the same name , one will be only a few kb , the other will be the video ( should be a few mb ) . long press on the file until you get the menu . then select " open as " , then " video " , then select a video player . i used the stock one that comes with the phone even though i have several others i thought i would try that first , and it worked first time ( this was on a galaxy s3 ) . if they play then copy them where you want , pc etc . you might need to rename the video files ( adding the .mp4 file extension ) .
have you tried dialing *#*#526#*#* ? it fixed a wifi connection problem i had . i dialed it on the phone , got the " call cannot be completed " message . hung up , restarted the phone , then went through the whole phone call again . it worked . my wifi problem is fixed . i kid you not . google it . i hope this helps .
have had the same issue on my droid 2.3.6 . it used to connect to wifi but could not browse the internet until i disabled : parental control from my wifi router . hope this will help someone .
yes , it does cost you more power . the transceiver circuit is engineered with power saving in mind and will reduce sending power as much as possible if the reception is good . this also reduces the sar value which is a measurement for exposure of the human body to radiation . if the reception is bad sending signal strength has to be adjusted accordingly . additionally : the underlying protocols are also designed to retransmit packages in case of a corrupted transmission . this might have an extra impact on your battery too .
cell signal to add to ce4 's answer : you can check that for yourself . if you take a look at your battery stats ( they are always at a little different place in the system menu : sometimes in the main menu , other times under phone info ) , it lists the apps which used most of your battery . one of the highest consumers in there is most likely your display -- and close to it you will find an item cell standby ( sometimes called phone standby ) . this describes how much battery was used to " keep the signal " . check that in times of good reception versus those of bad reception and see how much it differs . network stuff this can even be " multiplied " if you have many apps running services to poll information from the net permanently -- like email apps using imap idle , or some social chat app keeping a push connection . it looks like the same is happening here : it tries hard to keep the connection , and thus pushes the cell radio further . due to the bad reception , the connection gets slow , and those services keep longer " wake locks " ( keeping the cpu alive to complete their task ) , which again eats battery . how to find out if your reception was good ? the system does in fact provide this information ( at least from android 2.3/gingerbread on ) , in the very same battery statistics mentioned before . on top of the first page you find a small graph 1 : tap on it , it brings up a bigger one 2 . the screenshots are in german , but you still can tell the details : in the first 1 , you see the cell standby titled " mobilfunk-standby " right next to the display , as said before . on top of that is mentioned " mini-graph " . that tapped brings you to the page where you find the second image 2 at the bottom . here take a look at the first graph , titled telefonsignal ( phone signal ) . " the greener the cleaner": a bright green means " good reception " ( the screenshot shows this at the begin and end , that is here : morning and evening -- so at home i have good reception ) . getting yellowish : " moderate reception " . this uses more energy : compare it with the graph on top of it ( not in the screenshot -- but the same as in the first screenshot ) , and you see the bar is almost flat where the cell signal is good -- but falls faster where it is not . see the little red spots : " no reception " . and phone will power-up like crazy to find a new cell tower . . . how to find out where the dead spots are ? here we need to use 3rd party tools . i will mention two of them here : no signal alert 3 and opensignalmaps 4 . both can alert you when entering a " dead zone": no signal alert lets you view a log of cell state changes , plus can show you a map of where the dead zones were 3 . opensignalmaps has the plus of showing you all cell towers in reach 4 , pointing out which you are connected to . it also offers you a " compass " giving the direction to the strongest signal . how to automatically deal with those dead zones ? there are some little helpers available which watch your signal . if it drops or gets lost , they simply switch the radio off ( so it cannot further power up searching a non-existing signal ) -- and periodically activate it again to check whether the situation has improved . one of them is battery saver 5 , which also lets you define profiles so you can easily switch other things like wifi . then there are more powerful " automaters " like e.g. greenpower free battery saver 6 , which even manage a lot more . and these two are not the only ones . . .
most darky 's packages i have seen are your normal update . zip variety that are flashed through recovery , so you should be good to go . if it is an odin package it should say so &mdash ; always vet your sources ( here 's a good one ) . i see no reason to believe flashing from cm would be a problem either unless it messed with your partitions . if you have problems you can always odin to stock and then root , install clockworkmod , and flash darky 's again . the whole process only takes a couple minutes . ( so if you are concerned , go right ahead and odin to stock , it costs you nothing ; just save your backups to a pc first . )
yes , you can spy on your son 's phone without him knowing with the help of mspy mobile tracking software . i have been using this spying app for watching my kids to be sure that they are where they supposed to be . through this tracking app you can spy on his text messages , calls , every activity on his cell phone . another thing regarding privacy - as you are really concerned about your son and you take care of him , you have the right to monitor his sms messages . i think mspy software will help you .
not exactly to your phone , but there are several " child care " apps available in the playstore which can be used to monitor activities . take e.g. a look at care4teem , best parental control android , or parentalflux parental control . most of these kind of solutions offer a dashboard on the provider 's website , where you can check logged acitivities such as calls , messages , etc . some additional monitor the location and even allow for " geo-fencing " ( sending you an alert when the kid leaves the " permitted zone" ) .
a similar approach to the one suggested by bassmadrigal would be to use the app sms backup + that ' backs up ' sms to a gmail account . you can then view them via gmail on any device .
i use desksms on my phone , which will forward all texts to an email address of my choosing ( which could then be received on another phone ) and also allow responding through email , but it will appear to that person as a standard text from your phone . i found it really handy when i was working in a secured office that did not allow personal cell phones . i could leave my phone in my car and still be notified of any texts and still respond to them , and the person would not have any idea i was using email to respond . in using it on your son 's device , it is relatively easy to disable , so if your son does not want you to see things and is technologically inclined , he could probably find ways around it . but i think if the kid is smart enough , just about any app is able to be bypassed . it is not made for monitoring , but it would work just the same . i believe there is a $5 yearly charge ( i am pretty sure it comes with a 30 day trial ) , because of the costs involved in running the server that processes everything .
the android developers web site has the new features for users and developers listed under the " android 3.2 platform " . digging into that page , under the revisions heading it lists "3.2 , revision 1" as the only revision . i would guess that this would be the 3.2.1 update then . new user features optimizations for a wider range of tablets android 3.2 includes a variety of optimizations across the system to ensure a great user experience on a wider range of tablet devices . compatibility zoom for fixed-sized apps android 3.2 introduces a new compatibility zoom mode that gives users a new way to view fixed-sized apps on larger devices . the new mode provides a pixel-scaled alternative to the standard ui stretching for apps that are not designed to run on larger screen sizes , such as on tablets . the new mode is accessible to users from a menu icon in the system bar , for apps that need compatibility support . media sync from sd card on devices that support an sd card , users can now load media files directly from the sd card to apps that use them . a system facility makes the files accessible to apps from the system media store .
motorola 's xoom support forums has a thread that is updated when updates go out , and contains links to the lists of changes in the updates which ( for us wifi xooms ) is here . according to that two software updates have gone out in the last few weeks , htk55d and htk75d the first contains security updates , the second updates to included apps . specifically they contain : htk55d platform security fixes : diginotar certificate revocation the security fix removes a compromised root certificate authority ( ca ) . libpng security update libpng has been updated to version 1.2.46 to correct for multiple publicly-known security issues . htk75d android™ market has been updated . android™ books has been updated .
you can not use google maps in offline mode according to its description . there are some tutorials in the internet like these google maps offline but are not recommended as it lasts only for 30 days in your device according to the tutorial . so looking at alternatives we have this app called maps . me which is totally as good as google maps . i have this app for myself . try it .
there are some projects that have gotten livesuit to work on linux , such as this website and details in this forum . most of what i could find focused on a10 chipsets , but a13 is close enough that it might work ( of course , you will have to find a13 specific roms ) . the second link also shows how to manually install drivers . since you did not specify your exact model , you may have to modify the directions somewhat to work with your device . the easiest solution , of course , is to get access to a windows box . a year ago , linux support was not so good , so i had to borrow someone 's computer for a bit to flash my allwinner a13 tablet . even more restrictive is the ability to generate your own rom images . i could not find anything that would work on linux , so i was stuck using windows to upgrade my tablet * to android 4.1 . *i wrote this post .
can not find an app so far . smart app protector seems best we can do
encryption of saved data ( the data on flash storage ) is a feature of android 4.0 and higher . the only non-4.0-device i am aware of that allows full flash storage encryption is the lenovo thinkpad tablet . encryption of connection data ( data that goes over the wire ) was a big security concern in some android versions . google has released some updated versions of the affected apps , but it is unkown if they where dispatched on every device . iirc most fixes got into 2.3.5 , but i can not find the source atm - googles disclosure policy is not so good . here are some good resources about this topic : the insecurity of google 's clientlogin protocol what android sync'd data is encrypted ? ungesicherte einsichten ( german ) ( "unsecure insights" )
if you lock a message , when you delete a conversation with a locked message , every message other than the locked message will be erased from that conversation .
that means ( normally on every phone ) that it cannot be deleted , just like a locked picture on a camera . so , if you would like to keep a message safe , i suggest locking it so no accidents happen . although , when the time comes that it wants to be deleted , it can be unlocked and then deleted
on most android smartphones there is a feature that makes the phone run faster . this feature is after a certain amount of messages ( on mine it is 210 ) it begins to delete them , locking the message also prevents it from being deleted .
boot up your phone using power button and volume down button together . you will get something called hboot . now using your volume buttons , goto recovery mode listed on the screen . press the trackpad button to reach recovery mode .
well . . . finding an old package , looking at those files i discovered the answer . sometimes it takes very long to find it and the solution is simple . short answer you should also move " phonesky . apk " to /system/app/ folder and then restart your phone . summary download the latest play store . apk ( try for example android police ) : http://www.androidpolice.com/2014/03/13/download-latest-google-play-store-4-6-16-with-new-require-password-option-tweaked-ui-forced-self-update-and-more/ get the gapps . zip for your system : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/google_apps from this . zip , move these 4 files to your phone storage : " gmscore . apk " , " googleloginservice . apk " , " googleservicesframework . apk " and " phonesky . apk " . use a file explorer ( like file manager with root right ) to move these 4 files to /system/app/ install play store . apk ( for example : cm . android . vending-4.6.16 . apk ) restart phone done :d
the problem is related to supergnes app . i have tried other emulators like snesdroid and animaonline snes and voilà worked as a charm !
no . android 's not like a desktop gnu/linux distro , where you can press i to get an interactive boot , or skip x and just boot to a shell . the only way to achieve this would be to build your own custom rom after editing the init scripts ( which have much the same function as on a desktop gnu/linux system ) to tailor the boot process how you like .
if you are able to root your device or install alternative android distro ( clockworkmod ) , you might have options available : rooting device : i am not sure if android root image allows modification ( read-write file system ) . if yes , you probably could edit the boot scripts to allow enabling your system modifications . or moving the init process ( not sure what that is in android ) away and replacing it with your own init program that after enabling your modifications would exec() the original init ( init is the first process ( with pid 1 ) that is run by unixy operating systems ) . using alternative android distro ( assuming cwn ) . if you can run cwn in your device , you could study how to build your own image and modify it for your needs . beyond the step of rooting or installing/running alternative image , gaining shell access , i have the impression that - once you determine which road to take - you could have better luck in getting the specifics ( boot script locations and the way they operate , help with creating your own cwn image ) answered at stackexchange-url
nope , at least not as of now . you can factory reset your device to remove the first account you set up ( on some devices , you can just remove all the accounts without the reset ) and then add the other one first , if you would like to use it instead . but if you actively want to use both , you are stuck .
the current skype android app does not support video calling at all . if it did , and your device ran the appropriate version of android , you should not have any problems . however , just like using a desktop computer - your performance will be variable . using a less powerful device will result in a less optimal experience . there is an alternative , using google+ ( and hangouts ) . however , to use this , i am pretty sure you will need the google custom libraries . in that case , you need to check the device you are buying to see if it is marked as a " google experience " device . this means it has the " blessing " to run google apps . otherwise , the device is likely based on the open source version of android , which is not as full featured .
you can find a detailed guide with screenshots and all here . it is done with odin . step 1: install odin v1.85 on your computer then download and unrar the lite'ning rom rar file . step 2: make sure that your phone is in usb debugging mode : settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging . step 3: reboot your phone into download mode . to do so : turn the device off , then power it on again by pressing and holding the volume down + home + power on simultaneously . step 4: start odin . step 5: connect the phone to your computer using the usb cable . step 6: wait a few seconds , the odin screen will show that a device is now connected . . . added ! ! make sure that in odin nothing is checked , except the " auto reboot " and " f . reset time " checkboxes . press the " pda " button , and select the md5 file . press " start " . odin will now flash the lite'ning rom , after flashing your phone should reboot . step 7: done ! now you have a fully rooted sgs ii with the lite'ning rom installed !
bit of a kludge , but you could create a web page which sends you to wikipedia and has an icon according to your taste , and bookmark that .
this is a slightly convoluted workaround , but you could use my app showr . it lets you add any image to your home screen , and one of the actions it can perform is launching a web page of your choice when clicked . you could add a showr widget to your home screen , set it to use any wikipedia icon of your choice ( whether it is already saved to your phone , or by giving it the url of an icon to download ) , and set it to launch wikipedia ( in your browser ) when clicked . showr is a free download from google play .
appereantly , you have to define an " access point name " in order for your mobile data to work . in settings => wireless and networks => mobile networks => access point names => menu => new apn the settings vary by operator , you can find the israeli ones here .
since this is of the samsung galaxy family , the following may help you : on my galaxy s3 , the setting is controlled as ' alerts on call ' . see : dialer\call settings\call alert\alerts on call - uncheck this and calls will not be interrupted with notifications .
you can use kaiten mail , an advanced version of k-9 mail . it supports multiple imap , pop3 , exchange 2003/2007 ( via webdav ) ; but not exchange activesync . when you reply to a message , you can change the sender . if you click on the header ( email address ) , a " send as " dialog will popup .
k-9 mail allows to choose the " from " mail address when composing a message ( or replying to a received message ) . click the " from " address field and a pop-up menu will appear which allows you to choose the appropriate account . k-9 supports pop/imap/exchange ( via webdav ) accounts . pictures for illustration compose window : account chooser :
please use the settings below for your outlook . com account .
i manually setup an exchange activesync account with the following settings :
no , the droid is a cdma phone . in general you can assume that phones on verizon and sprint will not work on at and t or t-mobile , and vice-versa .
there is not just one thing called wma , wma describes a whole set of different audio formats and technologies that all normally have a . wma ending . some of these are drm encrypted , some have higher or lower level quality than others , some are optimized for voices . it is entirely possible that although your audio file has a . wma extension and container , inside that it is actually a type of codec that android can already natively handle . see these links for a bit more explanation : gentle introduction to video encoding : lossy audio codecs and wikipedia - wma
i believe an actual windows media audio decoder would require to be licensed from microsoft to be included as such in android . like how microsoft exchange intergration is liceanced from microsoft by handset manufactures to include in their android phones ( htc i think does so off the top of my head ) and why exchange by touchdown i assume costs $19.99 . like gathrawn said , the . wma files you claim are probably mp3 or another format android natively supports with a mislabeled file extension - try encoding some yourself and give it another try . : )
to add to @mattthew ' s comment , even if you move the apps to sd card part of them always reside inside internal memory . also the system needs to know what apps are installed , apps like market need to know about them . so , no they will not work after factory reset . for big games like from gameloft the extra data you downloaded from inside the game will work though . i do not know what will happen to this with the new market policy of allowing upto 4gb files .
the samsung galaxy s2 officially supports usb otg . it seems it has a special adapter .
yes and kinda . you are talking about usb on the go ( otg ) and android is capable of it but it is not officially supported . i could not find any apps in the app market that handle it but here are a couple people that got it working : http://sven.killig.de/android/n1/2.2/usb_host/ ( this guy basically turned his nexus one into a whole work station ) http://www.tombom.co.uk/blog/?p=124 that second tutorial tells you to hack a cable but you can actually buy an otg cable so this is not necessary . also , i have seen some phones claim they are going to come out with usb otg a while ago but i do not recall anything ever materializing .
at least in this device , the network configuration dialog is plagued with bugs . what i did is to create the network , save it , then long click to modify it and the options appear . i have also used wifi manager to configure the network . good to know someone developed an app to do what google could not get right . and i have seen some other bugs in this dialog too . for instance , when you type the ca certificate name , then you save the network , and then you open it again to modify , the cert name is no longer there ( this field used to be a spinner in previous versions , but now it is a regular text field ) . a similar problem happens with the password . after typing it and saving the network , then opening the network again to modify it , the password field only contains a single character . and it somehow seems to save the configuration mostly ok , it is just the dialog is not initialized correctly with the previously saved fields .
ok buddy , this method works for me : *i have found a way to make it connect - at least it worked for me ! you have to select the network from the list but while it is trying to connect , you have to long press on the network and select modify to bring up the settings window . then just enter your settings as normal . i only had to do this once to set up the network and now it connects automatically . * the autor is flarge in xda forums , i don´t linked , i don´t know if here i can do it . cya !
check the access points ( settings> more> mobile network> access points ) that you have set . in most cases , people have trouble because of the aps they have chosen . also , try using another sim card of a different carrier in 3g mode . if all goes well we will know your own phone is not at fault .
the only right advise here is to download an app with the same functionality but that does not grants itself this permission . developers sometimes grant their apps permission their app in fact does not need . if you are aware and you do not agree with this trend , the only thing you can do is not download such apps . or even better , you can consider contacting the developer of the application and ask him why this permission is required . maybe they are not aware of the fact and are very willing to remove the permission if they can please their users with it . a to-do list should not have the permission to send sms messages , if i see a to-do app that requires this permission myself , i would just look for another app to use .
just about every samsung device can be flashed with odin , regardless of what firmware is installed on it at the time . for specific instructions you can refer to this xda thread , which explains how to flash a rooted fc09 image : put your device into download mode connect to your computer and make sure odin recognizes your device flash the clockworkmod . tar . md5 . make sure everything is unchecked including autoreboot ! ! ! ! once odin does its thang , unplug your phone and pull the battery now reboot into cwm recovery by pressing and holding the power button , camera , and volume down button until the capacitive buttons at the bottom show now locate the rom . zip . it should be called deodexedfc09 . zip wipe data/factory reset , wipe cache partition , wipe dalvik cache , and if you want wipe batt stats now reboot , and you should be running stock rooted fc09 ! odin : http://www.mediafire.com/?66csfeo1ce95ysw cwm tar : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1357655 stock fc09: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1580931 you should be able to get the epic into download mode by doing the following : you enter download mode by shutting device completely off . then open the physical keyboard press and hold the 1 key and then press power for a few seconds . downgrading , rooting , and then updating seems unnecessarily complicated . the updates probably would not apply on their own once the device was rooted , so you had need to install them manually anyway . you might as well just install the image you want straight away instead , whether that is a stock one like the above linked image or cyanogenmod .
as you have mentioned problem seems to be coming after updation to android version to 4.4.2 you may want to refer to android-4-3-no-internet-access-unable-to-connect-to-the-proxy-server-error . the reason seems to be if you have cleared your google service framework data to recieve the update , it will change your device id that google uses to recognise your device .
there are basically two options : help to get it supported , or look for an unofficial build . i wrote some notes about helping to get cyanogenmod supported on your device in my answer to why is not there a cyanogenmod stable rom for my device ? . if you already have the specialist skills needed for rom porting , you can do this yourself , but even if you do not , other volunteers at the cyanogenmod might be able to achieve it with your help . the only alternative is if there is an unofficial build . because cyanogenmod is an open-source fork of aosp , anyone with the skills and the hardware can port it for their device and release that build . unofficial builds can commonly be found by searching the xda-developers forum . they do not have the same quality control , support community , or updates as regular cm builds , and of course with an unofficial build the risk of the rom being backdoored ( so the porter can access your phone illicitly ) is much greater , but if you are willing to take those risks it provides another way to get cyanogenmod . if there is no unofficial build , or you do not like the risks i have described , and you are not willing to help get your device officially supported , then you can not use cyanogenmod on your device .
app developers have the ability to do a staged roll-out of updates to their apps through google play store . this means that a small percentage of users ( chosen randomly ) receives the update first . the developer can gauge the feedback , and then proceed to a wide roll-out until they reach 100% of their install base . it is possible that the latest version of this particular app was recently released in such a staged roll-out . one of your phones was randomly selected to be in the initial stage , while the other was not . there is nothing for you to do , other than wait for the roll-out to complete . as comments suggest , you can also attempt to sync the app manually by retrieving it from one phone and installing it on the other . this requires installation of usb drivers for your phone on your computer , and a copy of android sdk . if you are rooted , you can get the apk of the app using adb pull /data/app/&lt;app_package_name&gt;.apk c:\ command , and then connect the other phone and do adb install -r c:\&lt;app_package_name&gt;.apk . on unrooted devices you may want to look into adb backup utility which allows you to generate an .ab file which contains the apk of the app , along with its data . for example , the command adb backup -f c:\Skype.ab -apk com.skype.raider creates " skype . ab " file on my c : drive that contains the skype app and its data . i can then use adb restore c:\Skype.ab command to restore the app with the data . optionally , you can clear the data for the app from your other phone in settings -> apps . the difficulty is locating the package name of the app you want to back up . although package names are usually descriptive enough , sometimes they can be quite cryptic . fortunately , play store itself has the package name in the url . in your example , the app out of milk is located at the following url : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.capigami.outofmilk . the portion of this url after " id=" is the package name . in this case it is com . capigami . outofmilk . so your backup command becomes adb backup -f c:\OutOfMilk.ab -apk com.capigami.outofmilk .
kies allows backups , but not the application settings , only limited content such as contacts , bookmarks , music , photo and videos . you can see the kies tutorial on backup : open kies v2.0 , " help menu-> kies tutorial-> backup and restore mobile phone data " section for details and a movie . you can also try mybackup free from market , which does not require root . wish you luck !
you need to install apps that are classified as " accessibility apps " . the most used ones are part of the eyes-free suite ( talkback , kickback , soundback , accessibility preferences , eyes-free shell , talking dialer , rock lock , walky talky , intersection explorer ) , plus several useful 3rd party apps such as ideal web reader , ideal magnifier , and k9 mail . more info - https://eyes-free.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/documentation/android_access/enabling.html
first : as you did a backup including all your apps , you cannot restore a single app from it easily 1 ( adb restore is an all-or-nothing ; either you restore the entire backup , or nothing – there are no parameters to specify parts to be restored ) . second : if you had create separate backups ( one per app ) , a restore should be possible across devices and android versions ( at least " upwards " , i.e. backup made on the same or lower android version as you want to restore it to ) . i have done that multiple times successfully , even across different brands and android versions , in this way . though that is not a guarantee : ) 1 there are tools available to decode/split files created by adb backup , especially for that reason : to be able to restore a single app if you did not think of that when creating the mega-backup .
do not know if you figured this out or not , but titanium backup has a feature where you can import an adb backup and then from there restore individual apps or all apps . only down side , titanium backup does need root . that being said , i think it is worth it . for details : http://www.titaniumtrack.com/kb/titanium-backup-kb/titanium-backup-howtos.html#backup-without-root in case that link goes away : connect your device and make sure its listed with the following command : adb devices run a full backup with the following command : adb backup -f fullbackup . ab -apk -all this will create a “package” called “fullbackup . ab” on the current location in your command prompt . this is your backup package . now you can root your phone . once finished rooting , insert the “fullbackup . ab” package on your sdcard hit the menu button and look for “extract from adb backup” option . this will prompt you to search for the file . use the file manager that you installed earlier and navigate to the directory and select the fullbackup . ab file . now restore like as if the backup was made with titanium backup . don’t forget to make a fresh copy of the backup using titanium backup . you’re done !
if you are interested in today 's calendar events i have had good results with smooth calendar . you can configure it to show only events in the next 24 hours . if you are looking for an easy to use to do list application with widgets that show only today 's tasks , i recommend my app maniana to list . both are free and ad free .
i use astrid for all my task/todo management . it has a widget which is the exact same size as the calendar widget ( 2x2 ) , and when you create it , you can choose to only include certain tasks using a variety of criteria , among which is tasks due today . it is also open source , ad-free , and syncs with google tasks , as well as a couple others .
colornote 's " today 2x2" widget will do this , but it unfortunately does not sync with google tasks . you can also do this using a combination of the pure calendar widget ( well worth the $1.99 for all the display options it gives you ) and one of the many task applications it works with ( i use dato gtasks , which syncs with google tasks ) . just make sure to set the search period to 1 day in the calendar tab ( you do not have to select a calendar , it works just fine with only a task service enabled ) .
try any . do . it is an normal task app with nice style , and the widget is only showing tasks for today , also several sizes are available .
you do not need to use 3rd party things like a swap partition or zramswap . 512mb ram was/is still standard and will be sufficent for almost all scenarios most probably for some time ( at least for android 4.0 and 4.1 , see this cyanogenmod forum post ) . ( you stated in the comments that your xperia active has 512mb ram ) longer version : to begin with , " rom " is basically a false name for the system partition and means read-only-memory ( it is most of the time mounted read-only , hence " rom" ) , this sits most probably on some kind of nand flash . ram ( random-access-memory ) is ' working ' memory that is really fast but volatile in comparison to nand flash . both types are needed ( fast vs . persistent ) and cannot be interchanged . at least not completely ( you could add a swap partition on custom roms . ) at first : do not use the internal memory as swap ! flash storage ( nand ) has only about 10.000 write cycles . better use your sdcard for it . see this guide on xda for the pro 's and con 's and howto do it . if you just want to play around and wonder if you could do something useful with the free space on your /data partition : do not do it . leave it the way it is . here 's a basic picture illustrating a regular architecture .
go to this thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1659231 and follow instructions carefully . if you don´t know what you´re doing , don´t do it ! you´re welcome :- ) )
i also had this problem with lux , always light reported -1 , which i do not know it is a problem either from phone , sensor , android , or lux itself ! btw , i solved it by using front camera instead of light sensor . here is how : go to lux settings click on sample collection click on light reading modes select camera instead of light sensor select front camera ( it is obvious that its better than rear camera for this purpose ) now , from main screen of settings , click on modify linked samples from top , click on luma ( this app uses lux for sensor readings and luma for camera readings ) then you can see app reads ambient light value from camera and displays at top . now the app should do its job , but you may want to check other settings to match your preferences . good luck
i am not 100% sure . but iirc the problem with normal usb storage is android has to partition your phone for internal storage and usb storage . you computer can then umount the usb storage from phone and mount it in your computer . so in many phones without mtp , even though the internal storage had capacity like 16gb only 1 or 2 gb was available for app installation . while some phone gave upto 8gb for app , that space was wasted for people who did not need that much for app but needed space for music and photos . with mtp mode there is not separate partition but a whole single partition . so if you have 16gb internal storage in your phone , you can use whole 16gb for apps , music and photos . mtp mode is available from honeycomb and i do not think its an optional component . i mean i do not think you can say i do not want mtp mode , i want usb storage mode .
you can hack the screenlock password by typing this from terminal : $ adb shell $ rm /data/system/gesture.key 
use android device manager to get past your password , then you will be able to access menus and change the language .
seems like you are trying to play files with the default music player . just try using some other music player from the google play store . if that does not help , then i guess you should check your files . maybe there is something in the files that is preventing android to behave the way it should . just guessing .
apparently this post suggests that the proximity sensor and touchpads currently do not work with cm9 . this may be fixed in a later release , but i would hold off for the moment .
yes , it is using a push notification via google cloud messaging ( gcm ) , the same as google+ hangouts , google+ , gmail , and some third-party apps .
google play uses c2dm ( cloud to device messaging ) to inform your device about the download . on your device , the google play store app has registered a corresponding " receiver " , so it knows this message was meant for it , and downloads the .apk – which then gets installed to your device . and yes , your guess was right : c2dm is also often referred to with the term " push notification " .
it will only show up if you open up an application that will use the gps for something . for example just open up google maps . if you want to know if you left the gps activated , just slide the notification panel and at the top you will have the toggle buttons , one of them is the gps .
any phone you will get will draw power from the battery , not directly from the charger . let 's make some assumptions : your phone takes 2 hours to charge when off . your phone always uses constant power when on . your phone drains a full battery in 8 hours . charging and discharging is completely linear . so if you plug your phone in when it is completely drained and turn it on , it will be charged to 75% ( 100% - 2/8 ) after two hours . it'll take 3 hours and 20 minutes to charge fully . as illustrated above it will take longer to charge the battery when the battery 's being drained at the same time . obviously , none of the assumptions hold in real life , but it is more or less accurate . certainly it will charge the fastest when off . as for the question of cpu scaling , that is very interesting . the rate of battery drain affects the maximum rate of charge , so less cpu work means less drain and a faster charge . i am not totally convinced that underclocking the cpu will achieve this , though . if your phone is idle it should already be doing a negligible amount of work . slowing the cpu will make that little amount of work use the cpu for longer . it is almost certainly chipset-dependent whether 100 ms at 100 mhz take more or less energy than 10 ms at 1000 mhz , for example . if setcpu is altering the voltages as well , that further complicates things .
most likely they gather rooting software or rooted kernels from xda-developers and sell them along with a guide also copied from there . there is not any fast way other than those you can find through a google search . while i can not say it is a scam , i do not recommend you paying $30 for that . better search google for how to root your device and also add your android version , because most of the time that matters .
according to this scamwarners post , it may be a scam . the site root android . org supposedly carries out the service of rooting and unrooting mobile phones with a " special " program . like all scam sites "100% money back guarantee if not satisfied " is a in your face feature , alas nothing is further from the truth . after initial email contact regarding technical issues with the downloaded program , there is nothing and certainly no contact when exercising the refund option . i have since searched and found that the program root android . org uses is a free download from a few specific sites that deal openly with the global community . the old warning of buyer be ware rings true , i sincerely would not use this site again and warn anybody who is contemplating mobile phone rooting to steer clear of root android . org .
they are absolutely scammers . their software , whatever it is , did not work for me . support " helped " by telling me to install a number of free software apps from the web and then never responded to further emails . safecart did not respond to email requests for a refund . after a week of trying to get someone to answer an email i finally called safecart and they issued a refund no questions asked .
they list testimonials , which are from anonymous people who may not exist , so like most testimonials those are worthless . they do not list any reviews from any publications or other sources you might trust . they talk about being mentioned on google and other places , but those are just search engines that have found their site . so they have got no credentials . maybe it works , maybe it bricks your phone , you must be prepared for that because everyone who roots is screwing around with things that sometimes brick phones , sometimes work , and none of the free advice is written clearly or works for long , as files keep getting taken down or obsoleted . use a credit card , if it bricks the phone charge it back if you do not get a prompt refund . if it really worked so well , how come they can not get anyone to review it and post the review ? not even forum threads from " known " forum members ? " if it sounds too good to be true " it must be a rooting solution . the guys who say rooting is easy and reliable , somehow never are capable of writing really clear and complete instructions on how to do it . never .
credit to izzy for the solution . the problem with the factory reset was that google back up copy included some apps and they were reinstalled . so you have to untick the back up to google on the recovery menu and make sure to untick it when you are starting up your phone again . it is checked as default . it even solved the issue i had with the dictionary app , as i could re choose the dictionary i need .
if you want to make a full fresh reset of your device , you should do a research on forum . xda-developers . com on how to perform flashing a stock rom on your device .
the apps on the internal memory are system apps . they can be deleted only if you have root .
for reddit is fun , you can set it to " use external browser " in settings , it should open chrome and files will be saved in the same location . takes a little bit longer to open links though . for chrome , there seems to be no way to change download location but creating a symlink . this may require root , and your picture directories will still be displayed separately in your gallery .
link2sd can not put the whole app to the ext partition . there is always a little part that takes the memory . use simple2ext . there you can select which folder to move to ext . after rebooting the whole dir will be placed at ext , and linked ( mounted ) to the internal memory . ( mount has a mode when you write into the shared folder it will be mergred into the mounted folder ) it seems like it is internal but not . : )
the touchwiz memo app has been ported to ics , you can grab it on xda ( this is in the vibrant xda forum sub-section , but it works on other phones ) . this app works on jb too , you simply have to install it as a regular apk ( not in system/app )
there is not a native notes app for the nexus s because it does not have touchwiz ui . i am quite certain the voice action ' note to self ' actually sends an email to yourself ( i do not personally use that action , not sure it likes a british accent ) there are loads of third party apps though . for example scribb . it is full to the bursting with features , ak notepad is quite a good simple one or evernote has a strong following and quite a few more features .
while i have not seen that issue , you can restart the radio . dial *#*#INFO#*#* , choose Phone info and scroll down . click the Turn off radio button , then click its replacement , cunningly called Turn on radio . a nexus 5 , being google , should support the standard android_secret_code uris , so INFO should be present . other vendors may replace/remove/augment those , so bets are off on anything not directly from google .
i have had the same issue on at and t , carbon rom , 4.4.3 ktu84m . flashing android 4.4.4 as i post this . it uses a new modem , ktu84p . if you just want to try the modem , head on over to xda here
here installer for easy installation or widget only for manual installation installation instruction prerequisites : you must be rooted you must be able to write to /system/app/ folder . usb debugging is a " secure " setting , so this widget must be installed as a system apps . it will not work if you install to the standard install location even in rooted device . easy instruction ( recommended ) nico have written an easy-to-use installer to automate installation to /system/app/ ; download it here and run the installer app . add the widget to your home screen like regular widget . manual installation if the easy instruction does not work , try the manual installation : download adbwidget . apk and save it to your computer copy adbwidget . apk to /system/app method 1 -- using android debug bridge ( adb ) remount /system/app to read-write ( see additional instructions section below ) adb push ADBWidget-x.x.apk /system/app/ADBWidget.apk ( replace x . x with the appropriate version number ) remount /system/app to read-only method 2 -- using recovery 's update . zip ( have not been tested yet ) method 3 -- using root explorer ( have not been tested yet ) add adbwidget to your home screen upgrade instruction if you are upgrading from a previous version , you do not need to do all of the above again . you can simply install an update on regular application directory by using regular installation methods ( e . g . opening the apk from a file explorer ) . as long as there is a previous version of the widget in the /system/app directory with the same signing key ( i.e. . my key , if you used the apk download above ) , android will give the updated version in /data/app the same permission . usage instruction click on the widget to toggle usb debugging . blue usb icon means that usb debugging is inactive , red usb icon means that usb debugging is enabled . uninstall instruction since the widget is installed to /system/app , you cannot remove it using standard application uninstaller . so , simply delete the . apk from /system/app . su remount /system as read write rm /system/app/ADBWidget.apk remount /system as read only  additional instruction remounting /system/ as read-write open " terminal emulator " or " adb shell " get root permission , type su get the device name , type mount | grep /system you should see something similar to : /dev/&lt;device-name&gt; on /system type rfs (ro,codepage=utf8,vfat,fcache(blks)=128,xattr,check=no) take note of the &lt;device-name&gt; , and type : mount -o remount,rw /dev/&lt;device-name&gt; /system remounting /system/ as read-only step 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 same as above type : mount -o remount,ro /dev/&lt;device-name&gt; /system troubleshooting sometimes the widget froze and do not responds to clicks . if this happens , removing and re-adding the widget usually will fix the problem . note do not complain about the ugly default icon and widget button , but if you can send me a better icon/widget image , i would be happy to add it . now we have an icon , thanks to @jay . do not trust strangers that asks you to install an application to /system/app tested on samsung spica i5700 spicagenmod froyo .
if you have 2.1 or above you can use the drop down notification area to quickly disable debug mode . sadly that is all i got , turning it on will have to be done manually . i searched and was unable to find a widget .
i have yet to find a way to create a hostname for an android device . what i have done is that i set an ip reservation for my phone , so that every time i go to use ssh ( i use quicksshd , but it should work for sshelper ) you can at least point to the same ip address . there is no way to set a host name for the phone , that i have found .
i am leaving my old answer since the browse and parsing examples may still be useful for some people . thanks to the developer 's version 5.5 update to sshelper , you can create a user defined name to be the phones zeroconf instance name . sshelper will run the ssh server on a non-rooted android . it will register the bluetooth name as the zeroconf name . now , as long as the machine you are connecting from has the avahi/bonjour client software , you can ping , ssh , sftp , or rsync to phonename . local . if you do not change your bluetooth name , it will default register with the device model name . e.g. " nexus_4" # For example: ping Nexus_4.local SSH Nexus_4.local 
in the march 2014 update to sshelper the documentation states new changes to it is zeroconf broadcasting name . in the documentation configuration section of the details it describes the checkbox to " enable zeroconf broadcasting " . when this is enabled any other client on the local network , will be able to browse and then connect for sshelper on the network . still though , sshelper does not have the option to input a custom zeroconf name . the app automatically registers a zeroconf instance name , which allows others to find any " sshelper " on the network . as of sshelper ver 5.0 , the registered instance name is the model name of your android . for instance , " nexus 4" i agree this is not very helpful if there is more than one android " nexus 4" running sshelper , but if there is only one , then any remote client can connect to the android ssh server without having to know the it is name . you do not need to look at the sshelper app to know which ip/hostname to connect to from your other machine . from linux ( you may need to install avahi-utils ) : avahi-browse --terminate --resolve --parsable _ssh._tcp more specifically , entering this command will ssh connect to the android e.g. " nexus 4" server without needing to know it is name : ssh `avahi-browse --terminate --resolve --parsable _ssh._tcp \ | grep "Nexus.*;local;" \ | sed -E 's/.*Nexus.*;local;(.*.local);.*/\1/g'`  for os x ( 10.9 mavericks ) , there is nothing to install but you must run dns-sdand then ctrl + c to kill the process after you see the android bonjour hostname .
you can take a look at www.whatsappmigrator.com ( free )
there is no simple way of doing so , you have to do a lot of technical mumble-jumble for this . caution :: do not install whatsapp on your android device beforehand . if you are ready then : [ i have not tried this with mac , this works fine in pc ( win ) and linux ] connect your iphone to the system ( pc ) do not start itunes . if starts automatically then close it . open command prompt ( run : cmd ) or terminal . now here is the tricky part , you have to search for a folder named " whatsapp " . you have to use command line " dir " - to see visible contents of the current folder . " dir\a " - to see all contents ( including the hidden and system ) of the current folder . " cd [ folder ] " - change directory ( change folder to ) . copy the folder " whatsapp " to your system by using copy [ source ] [ destination ] . now simply connect your android phone and copy that folder in the primary usb storage ( memory card ) . now install whatsapp , authorise it and it will ask you to restore backup . do it and you are done .
go to Settings -&gt; About phone -&gt; USB Settings and set it to mass storage . you may also need to enable or disable Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development -&gt; USB debugging . the drives should be visible to the pc when you connect the device , but you should also have to click the usb notification you mention and tell it to actually mount the storage to pc so that they are accessible . finally , try looking at this for more info : http://androidforums.com/android-lounge/115574-solved-cannot-mount-android-device-via-usb-linux.html
if it is a hardware issue you might be able to get the results you want with an app i found called headset button controller . it is a couple of bucks in the market but there is a trial version as well that they suggest you use for testing . here 's the trial version .
the iphone volume buttons are not supported by the android framework . if you want to control the volume you will need headphones like these in combination with an app like headset droid .
tl:dr - the play/pause button is supported and works ( fairly ) well . the volume buttons are definitely not supported . i have an og incredible , and klipsch s4i headset . the mic works and the play/pause button works . the volume buttons do not . you can remap the play/pause button with headset droid as was mentioned before . unfortunately , the performance of the headset button is frustratingly inconsistent , especially if you have apps that attempt to listen for the headset button intent ( amazon mp3 , poweramp , google listen , etc ) . when an app is running and playing a media file , it will generally deal with the headset button press in the way it is configured , but not always ( sometimes instead of pausing the currently playing media file , it will launch another app that listens for the intent and start it playing ) . google listen is especially badly-behaved on my phone , not surprising since it is been abandonded . my advice is get a headset you like ( the klipsch headset produces really excellent sound , especially compared with the apple and htc offerings ) and play around with the different apps .
definitely supported by android , and i would be incredibly surprised if the incredible did not support volume control . i had no problem using the volume control buttons in the headset i bought for my g1 . i bought mine on ebay for $7 , it has no branding but was marketed as explicitly for the g1 . it uses the usb plug , not the 3.5mm plug . you might need a usb headset . there is something specific about apple 's 3.5mm jacks that does not play well with non-apple devices . something about the placement of the insulating plastic bands . it is described in the answer to : why can&#39 ; t i use my iphone headphones with my htc thunderbolt ? so it would not surprise me if a headset from your iphone with a 3.5mm jack would not work on your incredible . but if you buy a headset manufactured for the incredible ( ebay and amazon appear to have plenty ) and the volume controls still do not work , the problem is probably your device .
looks like this might be hardware , but not broken hardware . edit : see comments below , but i suspect this is actually the tag hardware i was using and not the phone hardware causing the problem . this appears to be a design flaw with the nexus 4 and i would absolutely love to hear from any other nexus 4 owners who use nfc tags . i managed to get it to work consistently with some tags at home ( i.e. . not broken hardware ) . the only tags i can get to work though are " sticker " tags . the other tags i have are wrapped in some kind of hard plastic enamel to protect them from damage and allow you to carry them on a keychain etc . . . ( also some which are specially designed to work near metal and other sources of interference , they did not work , i assume because they are also thicker than paper ) . any nfc tag that was made of the thicker plastic ( i.e. . not a pure sticker ) would not scan , i am thinking this has to do with range . i could get them to scan somewhat inconsistently so i know the tags were ok ( also tested on other phone ) . they also scanned better when i removed the back cover , but this cover is literally 1mm thick . maybe 1.5mm . it is a ringke slim . so i have to conclude there is something internal to the nexus 4 that is ruining the range . seems like a massive oversight , but what other conclusion can you draw from the results i have so far ? will update if i learn more . does anyone have a nexus 4 and use a thicker nfc tag ( basically anything that is not paper thin ) ? if so , let me know , otherwise i will accept this answer in a few days .
open joined contact > menu button > mark as default > chose account , name , phone . thats all .
you want to check out android x86 project . they have documentation and installation instruction for installing an android on a regular laptop/desktop .
i have a galaxy nexus with android 4 ( ics ) and my company uses wpa2 enterprise . use phase 2 authentication " mschapv2" plus your user name and password . that worked perfectly for me .
i have just checked on my galaxy nexus , and yes there is an option for wpa enterpise ( 802.1x eap ) with eap methods : peap tls ttls and phase-2 authentication types : none pap mschap mschapv2 gtc you can use an identity with a passphrase , or certificates while i am running a custom rom , i am almost 100% positive this is in stock , as i could do the same on my nexus one running 2.3
in supporting the answer , i shall refer to the checking on the wi-fi alliance site . look in : filter by company , select ( show all ) from drop-down box . filter products by primary category , select smartphone , multi-mode ( wi-fi and other ) from drop-down box . filter products by secondary category , select ( show all ) from drop-down box . put into the box , cid# , wfa11867 and click on submit , the certificate for the galaxy nexus i9250 will be shown , after the search is completed , and can be found here
i had neither android 4.0 nor uses wpa2 enterprise , but according to this tutorial , it is possible to connect to wpa2 enterprise , even though there is no indication about the support in the ui . the underlying wifi stack have always supported wpa2 enterprise , as it uses the wpa supplicant , only that there is not yet any support in the configuration gui . i do not know if android 4.0 have a new gui that might support wpa2 enterprise .
there is an application on the android market/play store called " leap wifi free " . install it and you can now configure all your leap protected wifi networks . tested with android 4 and samsung nexus :- )
free app called " wifi connection " allowed connection to my corp 's hidden network , 802.1x , peap , mschapv2 , no ca cert . " leap wifi free " did not . running galaxy s3 ( vzw ) , stock ics . 4.04
keep in mind that the options are available with the stock samsung galaxy nexus , but unfortunately they do not always work , depending on the various security settings with the corporate network . in fact , my corporate wireless network worked just fine on android 3.0 honeycomb , but now that i have upgrade to 4.0 on my xoom it is not working again . i also cannot connect my samsung galaxy nexus to the wireless network , even though the same settings worked just fine on my xoom running honeycomb .
dan hulme was correct . i did indeed have an application called " foreca weather " and it created the logs . it is been several days since i would uninstalled the app , and the problem have not showed up again . previously i had this application for a year and did not see any such issue till the recent update they had .
android 4.4 allows you to view recent requests - this is probably the closest you can get . . . this probably exists in prior versions too , i just do not have a device with jb to test it with . you get there from settings-> location
you can use vpn applications to access restricted websites on any android tablet/phone . here are a few of them flash vpn hot spot shield but i think you will not get exact 4g speeds while using vpn .
there are really only 2 tool tips that you dismiss . you had be better off finding a tutorial or video to teach her .
a simple solution is to use the free app airdroid to transfer files over your wifi network directly to your tablet . all you have to do is install it on your phone/tablet , enable it , and then visit the device 's ip address and port number from your web browser . you can then browse the device 's file system and transfer files over 4 gb with no issues . the only downside is that the speed of the transfer is dictated by the speed of your wifi network and especially your device 's connection to it . generally i have found it to take about 1.3x as long on my 2013 nexus 7 when compared to a usb 2.0 transfer . hope this helps anyone who comes across this question as it is more of a layman 's answer .
according to android . com : browse the files and folders on your android device , add folders , copy files up to 4gb to or from your mac , delete files , and more . as a workaround , install an ftp server on your mac , and transfer the file via wi-fi or mobile data . or , via adb pull ( adb pull /storage/sdcard0/ dir here ﻿ ) using the android sdk . source .
i have a nexus 7 v2 and when you bring down the notification area there is a buton with you username on it and the picture you chose . when you click that button , it will bring you to the log in screen where you can switch users . doing it this way does not end your session .
text edit works well for me . the main screen 's menu has new file , save , save as , open and recent , with a sensible set of options .
classic notes lite is great for all of these things . it supports multiple fonts , the default menu is recent files , and it is very light and fast . i have been using it for a while now and it is my favorite by far . lots of good options in the menus too ; )
i use jota text editor , though it does not appear to have a recent documents feature .
i believe you need the stock recovery , based on http://2chnull.info/r/smartphone/1292830738/801-900 . you can get back to stock recovery easily , for example follow this thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=884093
one baseline for measuring phone performance is the quadrant score . here is the quadrant score for droid x with froyo and gingerbread . this site shows various quadrant scores for the droid x with cm7 , as well as unofficial versions of gingerbread and froyo . there are some debates about the usefulness of the quadrant score - hopefully since these are comparisons with the same model of phone , they would be useful .
you should not need to restart after freezing an app . once you freeze the app , it should disappear from the apps drawer .
freezing an app is similar to uninstalling it , in that it will not be able to run ( whether by the user wanting to load it or via any intents ) . however , since it is frozen and not actually uninstalled , it does still take up space . if you freeze a system app , you may have to reboot your phone . this usually is not needed , but sometimes your home screen app may have a problem with a system app missing . whether or not you reboot , though , the system app is frozen and will not be able to run . a user app , however , can be frozen without needing a reboot .
a friend just recommended call control to me for this very reason . i am starting to get spam calls on my cell phone and it disgusts me . plus there is a black list feature as well .
try true caller , it comes up with the preloaded blacklist and spammer numbers and keeps on updating . . it has some interersting features too . .
i think it is a recent accuweather update that displays the weather when you go back on your home menu . it is really annoying as when you click on the " home " button , it brings you back to that page and not the actual menu , which means you can not navigate between applications without clicking the back button all the way . i think i may have fixed it the brute force way , however . i do not care about the accuweather app , so i just went in the setting-> applications-> all menu and deactivated accuweather altogether . you get a warning message telling you that deactivating built-in apps may interfere with other applications , but i hardly think that accuweather is necessary for your phone to work .
to clear ram memory you can use greenify . it also supports non rooted phone . few things from the app description : unlike the " freeze " feature in " titaniumbackup pro " that totally disable the app , you can still use your app as usual , share content with it . no need to freeze and defrozen it . unlike " autostarts " , you can benefit from almost all of its advantages , without needing to deal with the complexity and risk of obscure app components , and never lose functionality when app is actively running . unlike any " xxx task killer " , your device will never fall into the cat-mouse-game of stealthy-running and aggressive killing , which unnecessarily consumes more battery juice .
i use advanced task manager and auto-shortcut in tasker to kill apps . for your other question , you could create a variable "%chrome=1" the first time you launch it , and only pop up the menu if the variable is set . on exit , wait a couple minutes then clear %chrome again .
you must change the format of the file to mpg or mp4 for example : filename . dat change to filename . mpg .
you do not have to convert it . just rename its extension into . mpg using a file manager . then , play it in mx player . i have done it before , and it worked .
use vplayer video player or buzz player . unlike astro file manager , if your file manager does not support custom extension handler , open . dat file with Open As.. option and choose video . from pop-up , choose player app . if Open As.. option is also not available , rename the extension of file to avi or mpg . generally , all file managers handle these extensions . just make sure there is no default video player set to take over the file opening and choose player app from list .
mx player is the best for . dat video files .
try dolphin player . it can play mpeg1 file format ( = vcd ) , but cannot choose audio channel if the file is bilingual .
cx media player will help you to play * . dat ( vcd ) files
try changing the extension to . mpg . this works on windows .
download file manager ( explorer ) from play store and also download mx player , , , , now , open the file manager app and locate your file . click on it and open it in mx player .
the sdhc ( high-capacity ) card family have a capacity of 4 gb to 32 gb http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/secure_digital https://www.sdcard.org/developers/tech/sdhc/
when you say memory do you mean storage capacity ? as far as im aware there is no way to increase the 1gb memory it is supplied with . edit : this site states 32gb expansion limit for sd card , which seems like its porbably correct : http://www.techwench.com/asus-eee-pad-transformer-review/
limit of the internal reader is that of sdhc format : 32gb . but afaik , card slots on the transformer dock is sdxc compliant , so , limit is 2tb ( theoretical )
try default app manager pro / default app manager lite . they work superbly and make life a little easier .
if for any reason it seems impossible to clear the default settings , there is a simple work-around available : simply install another app which offers the same service ( e . g . to clear the default launcher setting , install another launcher ) . the system will detect that another " player " is present , and thus the user might want to chose again -- so next time that activity is requested ( in our example : the home button is pressed ) , the familiar pop-up will appear again asking to select the app to launch . besides : an update of an existing app of the " same group " will trigger this as well ( in our example : if one of the installed launchers is updated , the popup will also be triggered next time you hit the home key ) .
go to settings , applications . find the app that has the default set . scroll down to the bottom of that view and click the " clear defaults " button .
if you are getting this screen , that means your android has booted into " recovery mode " .
you could try to boot into recovery by holding down power down + home button ( if existing ) then you can do a factory reset . ( will wipe all your data butaybe fix you problem )
there is another service run by a forensics company called viaforensics : appwatchdog . apps have a hard time there getting certified for being " absolutely secure " -- so do not get scared if you see only few green check marks , check the details as well ; most times a yellow mark is still fine at least for private users .
have a look on http://www.appoozle.com/ they provide an app and a web information service that allows publishers to justify the permissions their apps require .
while it does not rate the app , privacy inspector can scan the app after you have downloaded it and provide a detailed report .
i have just manually updated my gsm t-mobile nexus s and it connected automatically to my home wi-fi , i had all the previous settings stored , and i am also detecting all the wi-fis from my neighbours . could you give more details about your issue ?
i had to rebuild my phone after a firmware update ; in doing so , i skipped over a lot of the junk that i would previously installed . the upshot is that i no longer suffer this problem ( nor several others that had crept in ) . while it could be the software update that was the solution , i suspect that it was more likely that the clean install that did the trick . on the plus side , the problem has disappeared ; on the negative side , we do not know what the solution is .
no . in mass storage mode the phone effectively acts as a card reader , so the pc has complete control over it . if the phone were to mount the card at the same time as the pc , the filesystem on the card would become corrupted . that is why android phones do not offer usb mass storage any more . with mtp , the pc goes through what is effectively a file server on the android phone , instead of mounting the card 's filesystem completely . that way , the phone still has access to the card , and the phone can control what the pc can access .
how about using nfc to tell the phone that it should switch itself to driving mode when inserted into the cradle ? you can get nfc stickers for few euro/pounds on ebay . . . , put one to the back of the cradle , setup your phone and off you go :- ) that probably is not what you are looking for but still , it is nice and elegant solution ; - )
the error [ rpc:s-5:aec-0 ] is down to having to remove your google account and re-add it again . if your account is primary google account , the only way you can remove it is to factory reset and re-install everything ! that is the only known cure and quoted by google themselves ! do not think they are taking it seriously enough . it broke on a previous update to google play store about two months ago . i get that too , if keep trying over a few minutes , it will eventually update , not successfully though . i do think its more of an issue on the google system itself in conjunction with play store app . it is not just confined to aosp jb/ics or cyanogenmod , i get in on gingerbread too . ps : as matter of curiousity - do you have google 2-step account verification active on your account ?
you seem to have found your answer on your other forum : you need to flash the android 4.2 gapps from http://goo.im/gapps reinstall all apps that are having problems from : http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/75232-upgrade-to-1012-messed-up-many-things/
do you mean you want to see which ports are being used on the pc or android device ? you can use the netstat command for this . on windows : netstat -an | find /i "listening" on linux : `netstat -an | grep " listen " ( notice the space after listen ) this shows all the ports that are listening for incoming connection ( i.e. . have a server of some kind behind them ) . if you need to know which server , you can use this on linux : netstat -anp | grep "LISTEN " . do not know about the windows counterpart , but there is a -o switch to print the process id and you can compare it to the ones in task manager .
rooting the galaxy attain 4g ( sch-r920 ) on metropcs a step by step tutorial accredit to zhelezaka from http://forum.x-drivers.com/ . requirements : necessary files : all files hosted on my dropbox account ! odin3 v1.85 ; attain rooted update ; attain 4g pit file ; setup : a pc running the windows operating system ; i have used windows 7 the cable to connect your android device to the pc . tutorial : download all files from the " necessary files list " to a folder on your desktop ; extract *odin3_v1.85 . zip* to a folder on your desktop ; locate an open the odin 1.85 . exe to open up odin3 ; if the user account control ( uac ) pops up , accept the execution of the file . click on the pda button . navigate to the location where you downloaded the attain-rooted-update . tar file and select it . click on the pit button . navigate to the the location where you downloaded the attain-4g . pit file and select it . do not forget to extract the file first , since the application only works with the attain-4g . pit file inside the zip you have downloaded . make sure that repartition is unchecked . this is important as checking this will most definitely brick your device ! note that when you select the pit file , it gets checked , you need to uncheck it yourself . power down your device ; with your device switched off , press and hold the volume down + home + power buttons . then press the volume up key to enter the download mode . connect your device to the windows pc . you should see the id:com field light up yellow when you do this ; if this does not happen , it means that you don’t have the necessary drivers installed . you can download samsung kies and install it to rectify this problem . android sdk samsung usb driver your odin3 screen should now look like the picture posted below . again , make sure that the re-partion tickbox is unchecked before you click start ! click on start . note : once odin3 says " pass " and your device reboots , your samsung galaxy attain 4g should be rooted ! ! if you are in doubt though , the usual way to confirm is to download root checker from the google play store or look for the superuser app in the app drawer . useful links : samsung product page gsmarena device specifications
it may not work if you have not-always-compatibile busybox reboot symlink in a path that is more privileged than /system/bin ( or /system/bin toolbox symlink has been overwritten ) , it may lie in /sbin if using custom kernel with bb included for example . if so , try : " toolbox reboot recovery " ( jb ) "/system/bin/reboot recovery " ( kk - however which one will work my be also dependent from the manufacturer . . . )
try " reboot recovery " , though it does not work on all devices . you might also need root for this , so first try " su root " .
by default NextBook tablets comes with no PlayStore application , so you will need to re-download ( re-install ) the PlayStore manually check this link , it may help you http://www.makeuseof.com/answers/how-can-i-download-google-play-to-my-nextbook-tablet/
i found the apk ( the installer binary file ) by searching on google . here is a link to the file which if you access on your phone , will install the latest version of the google play store . https://mega.co.nz/#!hj8ynbki!aygtlxznco4bvdssnyak7doj6pphe5apnavcaktpmak ps : i cannot claim that this file is actually what it says it is , just a suggestion that looks legit .
answering my own question here . bottom line here is android users must manage their own pictures and videos storage . it is important to understand that the " gallery " application ( and probably the new alternative " photos" ) is not synced to google plus , they are merely backuped ; this means that gallery does not deletes ( leave a thumbnail ) least recent used pictures to save space ( as i mistakenly assumed ) . i , for one , will be using google plus application from now on to be able to access all my pictures and videos and will be deleting images as soon as they are backuped .
this is done to conserve battery life . downloaded data means active radios , which means electricity drawn , which means battery drained . your one email , might be fine . but people often get hundreds of messages per day . if every message i got were that size and my phone downloaded the full content of each one the battery would be dead very quickly . if it is an email that is important that i need to read it is probably going to be only a few lines . messages that are large are usually things i do not need while i am at the grocery store or interrupting me while i get a haircut . it can wait until i get back to my desk . conversely , without a reasonably small limit you could dos someone by sending them several large messages , forcing their phone to download all of that data . you can both chew up their data limit and drain their battery .
is this an android version specific ? ( ie gingerbread ) no , this has nothing to do with the android version , i have several close to me and none have such option . it is probably a carrier-specific setting on the stock app . bahamat answer easily justifies the reason as to why carriers would prefer such low limitations and how this benefits users . is this a configuration one makes when setting up a device with the android os regardless of the version ? meaning every device is different ? it may vary depending on the device and carrier , but what usual happens with settings like this is that they are silently applied , but as you have found out , the user can update the value to a more desired one . how many devices are set with a max file size this low , what is the standard setting out of the box ? there is no standard about the size for an email that goes this low . what actually exists is a general conception regarding the emails maximum size that accounts for the sum of the message 's body and the encoded attachment . since a message will often pass through several mail transfer agents to reach the recipient , and since most of them have to cache messages for a certain period of time , this brings storage issues that need to be addressed . since the early days , 10mb was considered to be more than acceptable for an email . you can read all about this at wikipedia .
i believe this xda forum post will give you a good head start . note : this is written for the sapphire . compiling and flashing a kernel for the n1 . another guide from xda forums . compiling systems apps .
i can recommend 4 apps from market : for rooted devices : anyconnect samsung devices : samsung anyconnect also cisco client : vpnc widget and a solution from sonicwall : aventail connect tech
in calendar app , go to Menu -&gt; Calendars to display and uncheck the calendar you wish to stop displaying . on that same screen you can also tap the Calendars to sync button , uncheck the calendar ( s ) you wish to stop from being synchronized to the phone and tap the OK button .
i have an htc one , and even though i cannot deduce why , my settings menu did not display options for sip setup until after i unlocked the bootloader . i will clarify that all i did was unlock the bootloader , i did not flash a new rom . again , this makes absolutely no sense , but it worked for me .
sip comes directly with the android system , as you said , starting with gingerbread . you find it in the system settings : call settings , at the very end : internet call settings : for more details , you can also check with the page android sip client configuration and review , which explains you all the details . as it comes with the android system itself , all devices with gingerbread or higher should have it .
i have had google galaxy nexus hspa+ for a while , and it does have internet calling , which is one of the reasons why i was interested in the phone in the first place . long story short , it is the most horrible sip client i have ever seen , with the most inflexible settings , does not actually work properly , and has all sorts of quality issues that do not manifest when using a third-party client instead . ( to give you an actual example of what i am talking about , i have somehow had this very strange multi-dozen-second delays in voice , which i have no explanation for , other than a terribly broken buffering logic , as sip calls go through udp , which would never do retransmission , hence no clue why someone thought that multi-dozen-second buffering was ever a good idea . ) if you cannot find the native internet calling in your phone , you are not missing much . ( i have long as disabled the said native client , and have been using a third-party client instead . )
no . updating from 4.2.2 to 4.3 will retain your data , but this will make you lose root . to root , you would need to unlock the bootloader , which will almost always require a factory reset ( thus , you lose your data ) . so , i suggest to back-up your user apps and data with titanium backup or something similar .
it will probably be the fact that games use a port that is disallowed on your work network . try using the tethered hotspot on your sgs3 as an alternative .
you should look around xda-developers . someone there will be able to point you as to where the kernel is located . once you get your hands on it , you can flash it like you did your current kernel .
here is a list with stock kernels for nexus 4 . as said before , simply download it and flash it like any other kernel . http://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-4/development/kernel-stock-flashable-kernels-t2381128
i am also facing the same problem . no option as " haptic feedback " is available in my samsung galaxy y mobile . please help out . note : i am not able to see any " add comment " option . so that only i am posting it in answer .
the haptic feedback is a global setting provided by your phone , you can turn it off by : click your device " menu " button" ; tap " settings " tap " sound" ; tap " haptic feedback " to remove the green tick , thus disabling this feature . what is " haptic feedback " ? haptic feedback , often referred to as simply " haptics " , is the use of the sense of touch in a user interface design to provide information to an end user . when referring to mobile phones and similar devices , this generally means the use of vibrations from the device 's vibration alarm to denote that a touchscreen button has been pressed . in this particular example , the phone would vibrate slightly in response to the user 's activation of an on-screen control , making up for the lack of a normal tactile response that the user would experience when pressing a physical button . the resistive force that some " force feedback " joysticks and video game steering wheels provide is another form of haptic feedback . more about this at wikipedia .
the best explanation i could find online : people details is a new sync service related to the recent release of google play games . it was pushed to most ( if not all ) android devices recently . its purpose is to tie you together across all google play services ( the separate services available from the google play screen ) . the idea is to maintain a uniform and unique " identity " for you in all related google games so that data from one can potentially be used to " enhance " the user experience in another the contact sync is for the usual contacts that a user saves directly on your phone .
on android phone . just type in the dial *#9900# then choose the second one " delete dumpstate/logcat " . problem is solved .
use clean master app . it worked for me . run this app at least twice a day to keep the memory clean .
i had the exact same problem . had the phone into the samsung service location a number of times , where they performed a full software recovery twice and then replaced the mainboard , but the problem persisted . i realised that the memory logs , which were filling up the logs file , seem to be connected to a network issue and decided to try and obtain a new sim to see if this helped . i got the new sim yesterday and everything that seemed to kick in the log files and fill up the system memory seems to be ok . previously , it might be ok once i had cleared the logfiles ( *#9900# , delete log files ) for a few hours , but then all of a sudden the log files would start again . within a few hours , my phone ( galaxy note ) would start becoming unresponsive , and i would get the storage space running out message and my system memory would be down to 100mb rather than 1.4g . after weeks and weeks of the same problem i am reticent to say that things are completely resolved . putting the new sim in seems to have solved the problem for me .
i have been through this storage problem . this is the solution to your problem only if you have " root " access . this problem occurs due to old application data of apps which have not been uninstalled properly . download " sd maid " from the play store . you can search for application data which exists on your device in spite of being uninstalled . clear the corpses and retry installing the app you want to install and it should work .
may be you should check this link , hope this will solve your problem . excerpt : root your phone . download the root browser app fro here reboot open the newly installed root browser app , a pop up will come stating if you want to give the app root permission . grant it . navigate to /data/ and delete the folder log see the magic : )
you can turn off just the cell radio by using the Phone Info feature : dial *#*#4636#*#* and press Turn off radio .
on most phones you can still enable wi-fi while in airplane mode . in fact , many airlines now have wi-fi in flight . airplane mode might be a more viable option than you think ; )
if you are referring to the " my number " field then i answered the question here . the " my number " is not actually stored on the phone , it is stored on your sim card . stock android can not edit this data . cyanogenmod can , so can iphones and blackberrys . if you can get your hands on one of these then just pop your sim into it and edit the " my number " field and bobs your uncle .
note : i am on samsung galaxy s2 , android 4.0.3 elixir for android has an " sd mount toggle " feature . it could unmount a removable card ( /mnt/sdcard/external_sd ) , but not ( /mnt/sdcard ) . i could not get it to mount by clicking the toggle again , but a restart [ toggle also available ] will mount the removable card . this is probably a bug with elixir ; and i will try to contact the developer .
yes you can do that . firstly enable the the developer mode by tapping the build number in about phone then go in developer options and then check force rtl layout
you had have to use a custom rom to do this , because the layout direction is a fixed part of the locale information , not a user-visible setting . even if you could , you had find that most apps would not change . it takes development and testing time to make android layouts bidirectional , and the support was not added to android until jelly bean , so apps tend to only use it if they actually do support rtl languages . even on apps which do support it , you had probably find strange behaviour because english is not supposed to be laid out right-to-left . for example , text labels that are too long might have the " . . . " at the start instead of the end , or vice-versa . so in summary , it is a lot of effort to end up with a broken configuration .
as of 10/20/12 , no one has ever rooted the commando . xda developers forum is home to some of the innovators in the droid world , and no one there has yet come up with a way . couple of reference points for you : casio g'zone commando [ q ] casio commando 2.3.3 root-impossible
there are several options available to you , but make sure that you know that the app you are using supports them ! you can go with a bluetooth gps receiver like this one . reviewers mention that it works with android , but not ios . one reviewer says it works perfectly , another says that not all apps work with it . ( i am inclined to believe that the user who mentions that it needs an app is mistaken ) you can also get a usb bluetooth receiver like this one with an otg cable like this , but these are designed to be used with pc hardware , so support for android may or may not be very good . i would personally go with the bluetooth option for convenience and because there are others who have done it with android devices already .
answering my own question , this seems to just be my misunderstanding of how google now works . i was typing the search and expecting a voice response . but apparently it only responds with a voice if you ask with a voice . if i use voice search , then a voice does indeed reply . leaving this question/answer here in case anyone else has the same misunderstanding .
combining several apps you most likely find useful for other means as well , this should be accomplishable . so first , let 's list the components : tasker : the mighty automation tool will trigger several actions for us foldersync : will do the real copy/sync jobs titanium backup will do your backups ( well , it does already ) . no need to elaborate on titanium backup , as you already use it . most likely together with its integrated scheduler , so you have an idea about what time that job has finished . so the next candidate is foldersync . it obviously can do with owncloud , as described e.g. in use the android app foldersync with owncloud – using webdav , in fact . which means you have first to setup your owncloud account in foldersync ( as described in the linked short-tut ) , and then define " folder pairs " , i.e. which folder on your device should be sync'd with which on the owncloud server . recommendation : configure it for manual sync ; as nice as the integrated scheduler might sound , i experienced it woke up the device all 5 minutes 24/7 even with only one daily sync configured . so better leave that integrated scheduler off , we either need something else to trigger your " instant photo upload " . third candidate : tasker . you can use this to schedule your regular sync intervals ( easy to do , as it is just a time interval as condition , and the foldersync pair as the task ; note this might require the pro version of foldersync for tasker support ) . but tasker has also means to detect whether a file/directory has been modified . this is what you can use to trigger your " instant photo upload " , by watching your DCIM folder ( s ) and trigger the corresponding " folder pair " to be sync'd . i know you prefered " without an app " , but i do not know about such an alternative . however , one of the 3 apps involved you are using already , and once you have got used to tasker you will ask yourself how you could do without . true , it is " payware " , but worth every cent . for testing purposes , a 7-day-trial can be obtained on their project site ; export all your config from within the app on day 6 , uninstall , re-install , and import it again gives you another 7 days ( recommendation by the dev himself ) . foldersync requires 3 bucks as well ; but it supports so many services , and has tasker integration , i would say it is worth the investment . so altogether ~7 bucks for a good solution , and other uses reserved .
i received the same message on unrooted android 4.0.4 , alcatel 992d , with 12g free space on sd card . i am posting here , cos maybe it helps on 2.2 , as well . installed appmgr iii , 3.10 ( app 2 sd ) , and it also listed the same apps as movable , were not even marked with the gray x ( supposed to tell you that by moving app you will lose some functionality , e.g. widget stops working on main screen ) . it seems that only those apps gave me this message when trying to move ( via appmgr and via the built in option in android ) which came pre-installed on the phone . below article says moving/deleting pre-installed apps is not possible on unrooted phone : http://www.brighthub.com/mobile/google-android/articles/82517.aspx it seems likely to me that in this case , the option " move to sd card " not being grayed out is the bug , and maybe appmgr receiving this misleading data causes it to show them as moveable , as well , while the inability to move them is by design .
for people that have this problem in the future . it is an odex issue . some unused thing in there is causing it to think space is all eaten up . find an app that cleans odex files . chances are you are rooted which allows apps that mess with the odex files to screw stuff up by accident .
this is a known problem with leaked 2.2 galaxy s vibrant software ( happened to me ) . even if you are not using a vibrant i would suspect the issue is the same , since the software is mostly the same . you can fix it using this post at xda if you have a vibrant or i9000 . if you have another model just check the subforum for your device ( or take a risk and try this anyways ) .
you seem to be using different measurement units , 50kbps is the same as 400kbps . remember that 1 byte = 8 bits . if that is not the case , check if your laptop is connecting using 802.11n , htc legend does not support 802.11n , it only supports 802.11b/g . how do i check the connection speed ? download speedtest app from the market . and in your laptop , go to speedtest .net.
you can download the google play books app from the market ( link ) if there is a problem with your installed app , open the app using play store app and uninstall and reinstall it . now you should have the app shortcut in your app drawer . in this app , you will be able to view your purchased books .
note that both ios browser ( safari ) and chrome ( desktop or for android ) are based on webkit engine . that is why they are so similar in what they render . firefox browser uses a much different engine : gecko . as an answer for what you want to do , i think that given the css and javascript the mobile site loads is different depending on the rendering engine , currently it is not possible to an end user to achieve that . a better design must be done by web developers who made the website , in order to avoid this kind of awkward situations . if what you need is to open that mobile site with a browser different to chrome for android , but that it be rendered the same way as chrome for android does , i recommend you to use opera mobile or opera mini ( based on presto engine ) , here is a screenshot of how it looks there :
there're two flavors of usb ports - powered and unpowered . unpowered ports can not supply power to the devices and are rather rare . you identify them easily - connect the smartphone to them and see if it starts charging . if it starts charging the port is powered and you are okay .
i usually charge mine from the usb port of my tv decoder ( that is always powered on ) so i think there will be no problems .
if the usb port supports usb sticks then it has power to recharge a smartphone . the only question is how much power it has . the usb protocol includes what i would call a " power handshake " . host ( radio ) and client ( smartphone ) communicate with each other and the host specifies how many milliampere the client is allowed to use . if the radio has usb high-power support you will get up to 500ma , without only up to 100ma . btw : a plain usb power adapter usually supports up to 1000ma . i assume a simple car 12v-to-usb-adapter would also support that much power . therefore even if charging via radio works , charging will take significantly longer . how many milliamperes are used for loading can be seen on a large number of phones by the battery monitor widget or similar apps .
constant battery use will generate more heat over a short period of time , yes . ordinarily , this will not damage the device . however , heat can greatly impact the longevity of your battery . i would suggest shutting off the monitor when you do not need it ; if you really need to constantly monitor the network , the task is probably better suited to a pc .
the 20% cpu consumption is probably because you are on a weaker cpu , eg , 528 mhz processors , in this case , the cpu consumption is normal anyway and as a matter of fact , 20% is not a high number in this case at all . in case you want to limit your cpu usage at all times , you can root your device , install a cpu scaling program , and under clock the device . or you can set the cpu governor to " powersave " in addition to under clocking the cpu frequency if you want to sacrifice the performance for a longer battery life .
on htc phones , i found one big space stealer is the " facebook for htc sense " app . it can easily take up 20+ mb of data . it is worth checking it out and clearing data ( not cache )
check your phone 's internal storage , via menu > settings > sd and phone storage , and then look under internal phone storage . if that is looking low , then you can try uninstalling some apps , or , since you are on 2.2 , moving those that support it to your sd card ( as that does seem to have plenty of space ) .
i do not know what rom you have , but if you are using a cyanogen based you can tweak that in the cyanogen specific settings .
you can try using anyunlock from the android market . it is free and lets you set any button be the button to turn the device on . it has been tested exclusively for the nexus one . actually , i read further in the description , the trackball can no longer be used as of gingerbread .
here are some quick tips : ( here i will use the terms like download-mode and recovery-mode , if you dont know what they are google it . ( "boot to recovery " and " boot to bootloader " means how to enter into recovery-mode and download-mode respectively . ) a bricked phone may have one or more ( below problems ) : booting to the rom ( android ) not possible . booting to the recovery-mode not possible . black screen or bootloop ( repeated restarting of phone at boot animation or samsung galaxy y logo ) . possible solutions : ( remember there will be data loss using these solutions so always try to keep a backup ) if you can still enter into recovery-mode ( a ) . try to clear data and cache then check . ( b ) . try installing a custom rom using cwm ( clockworkmod recovery ) and check . ( for custom rom and cwm visit here . ) if recovery-mode did not helped enter into download-mode and flash an odin supported stock rom ( using odin 1.84 or 1.85 ) from doky73 's thread ( flashing guide in 2nd post ) . *you can inform me , if anything left out . you must try going in download mode !
this is a solution that is specific to samsung devices . this will only work if you have soft-bricked your device . it is pretty simple to build and can get you into download mode on most samsung devices , just have your rom ready to flash and you are good to go ! http://www.xda-developers.com/android/need-a-samsung-usb-jig-build-your-own/ here is the actual youtube video that i used to make mine : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdn5gorjhn0
yes . no , i do not have a source . :p
using google 's backup service ( as described by greg ) is one way . but as in the past this did not prove very reliable ( it should have improved with 4 . x , though ) , plus apps have to actively support it ( which by far not all do ) , there are alternatives to consider . since android 4.0 , you can perform full backup of non-rooted devices . you can also backup/restore single apps ( including their data ) this way . an easier approach is using koush 's carbon backup -- at least if you buy the pro license ( less than 4 euro ) . install the app on both devices , and you can sync apps and data between the two ( see the second " tab " in the screenshot 1 ) .
google 's backup service is described on one of their support pages : backing up and restoring your data you can back up your settings and other data with your google account , so if you ever replace your tablet , you can restore your data on the new one . if you choose to use this service , your data is backed up automatically . if you previously used the backup service with the google account you just used to sign in , you can also choose to restore your settings from your google account to your tablet now . important : if you want to restore your settings , you must do that now during setup . you can’t restore data after setup is complete . many kinds of data are backed up , including : your android settings , such as your wi-fi networks and passwords , user dictionary , and so on many google application settings , such as your browser bookmarks the apps you download from android market some third-party apps also make use of the backup service , so if you reinstall one , its settings and data are restored
i would use google backup for any personal data or other data and appmonster for the apps . the free version can batch backup all the apps on your device to a .apk format which you could batch reinstall onto the new device once appmonster is installed on it .
if you use google calendar , you can export the calendar from lightning as an . ics file import that . ics file into google calendar
i am not quite sure how to turn the feature off but when i had my droid eris , it would do the same thing . i found that if i simply hit one of the volume buttons on the side , the screen would come back on without having to end the call .
from your description , it sounds like there may be an issue with your proximity sensor . the proximity sensor should turn off the screen instantly when you put the phone to your face during a call . the way you described the screen turning off after x amount of time sounds like it is just normally timing out . you can use an app called androsensor to test the functionality of your proximity sensor . this would also explain having to turn the screen back on manually instead of it happening automatically . also , you may want to look closely at the sensor , there may be dust on it preventing it from working properly . as others have noted , the vibrant should have an option for disabling the sensor . is this option already checked ? that may have something to do with it .
keep screen on during calls that setting is not available on all phones , but if it was it would be under : home > settings > call settings > [ display > ] . . . but as for the difficulty turning the screen on be sure that the power button does not end calls ( settings > accessibility > power button ends call : make sure it is unchecked ) then just pull the phone away and press the power button to turn the screen on .
i had been having exact same problem for a few months on my lg-p500 , but have just fixed it . i found that the proximity sensor had gotten covered with dust as the screen cover had slightly lifted in the area of the proximity sensor . once i cleaned it off it worked fine again .
to keep the screen and disable the proximity sensor launch another program while on a phone call . the screen will remain on while the phone is against your ear .
are you sure that the screen goes off after x seconds ? android phones with proximity sensors usually turn off the screen when they are put on an ear . the phone should automatically turn on the screen if you uncover the light/proximity sensor ( e . g . by removing it from your ear ) . the galaxy s does this and i suppose that the vibrant does so too , because they are basically the same phone models . other android phones behave similar . i am not sure if it is possible to disable this feature . even if so , you would encounter another problem : accidental pushing buttons on the touchscreen with parts of your face , which could lead to hang-ups .
if you enable the touchpad while the call is coming in , the screen will stay on even when the phone is pressed against your face . for instance , if you answer a google voice call and have to push "1" to pick up the call . of course , this will result in you repeatedly pressing the buttons with your face , causing gv to say " this call is being recorded " and possibly hang up , but hey , you asked for it .
i found a couple of settings in cyanogenmod which could be useful . i am not sure if they are available in vanilla android . also , the proximity sensor application in htc is pretty good . but i am not sure about vibrant .
you can disable the proximity sensor or simply go to call setting and you will find an option that reads keep screen awake .
the best way that i find is to cover the screen for a few seconds and then release . this is the same mimic as if you are calling into voicemail or a feature for which you are required to press a key . this is the best means that i have found to keep all features enabled . btw : i find it odd that you have the power button set to hang up . i believe this is a feature you setup in order to advert another issue . maybe solving the hang up feature problems will assist with this one as well ?
02-09-2013 - when the screen goes dark ( by factory default ) while on a call can be very frustrating . i just purchased a new samsung galaxy proclaim , an android phone , and this solved the problem . go to settings > accessibility > power button ends call : make sure it is unchecked then when the screen goes dark while you are on a call and you need for it to come back on for pressing prompt numbers , account numbers , or whatever . . . . just press the power button to turn the screen on . since you have unchecked the end call by pressing the power button . . . the screen will now come back on and will not end the call . hope this helps .
try a powered usb hub . my ( win7 ) work laptop refuses to connect to my samsung s2 except through the powered usb hub in the monitor .
try to edit adb_usb . ini and add your device id you can find it by going to the device manager find the " android adb interface " double click on it go to the details tab , and on the " property " drop down menu select " hardware ids " on the box below it labeled " values " you should see something like " usb\vid_2207 and pid_0010 and mi_01" the numbers maybe different based on your device vendor id , for example my vendor id is "2207" no open the adb_usb . ini located on the folders below and add your device id in hex format for example my device id is "2207" i will put it there as "0x2207" it is usually located in xp : \documents and settings\ . android\ windows 7: \users\ . android\ windows 8: i really dont know . but if the folder doesnt exist try to create it by using cmd . and if the file adb_usb . ini also doesnt exist you can create it using notepad and only pasting only your device id and save it on the . android folder .
try this : find the . android folder in your home directory , and replace the adb_usb . ini file with this one . this tells your computer to let adb work with a load of different usb devices . you may need to restart adb via the command line : adb kill-server adb start-server  and now adb should show you your device adb devices 
i know it is a late answer -- but it does not need any " special app " to be written : as to your apps installation : put all the .apk files into a directory ( you can catch them e.g. using appmonster free backup restore ) . add the basic stuff from the android sdk ( you do not need the entire sdk package , just a few files which you can find e.g. in the androidforums adb guide , for mac , linux and windows ) . write a tiny shell/batch script to adb install *.apk . the factory reset can be accomplished in a similar way : adb shell "recovery --wipe_data"  so put that as the first line of your script optionally prepend it with an adb wait-for-device . as the wipe is followed by a reboot , better make it look like this : zip it all up and send it to the user . instructions to the user : unpack the zip to an empty folder ( closer descriptions depending on the os used ) connect your device with an usb cable ( maybe add instructions on how to see whether the connection was established successfully . on windows , added trouble might be special drivers needed ) start the shell script/batch file taking a look at the adb options might give you further ideas ; )
possible solutions , in descending order of idealism and difficulty : create a custom rom , with the apps you want on it , which you can flash onto these devices . this question is a good starting place for that . write your own app , which automatically installs the other apps . the first answer to this thread provides the code to install apps programmatically . the easiest solution , if it suits your needs , would to be to use one of many " installer " apps . if you can drop the apps on the tablets after installing your stock rom ( ideally on an sd card ) , you could then install an " installer " app . then either run it yourself , or instruct your users to run it and install the listed apps . in any of these solutions , you will have to write the desktop computer application which has the few-button interface for users , which does the flashing and installing . whether you do a custom rom or a stock one , you will have to automate its install . this thread has some help on automating rom installation .
it sounds like your rom does not properly reset settings when the sdcard is re-enabled ( since it obviously becomes unavailable to the os when using usb mass storage ) . unfortunately , this is likely an issue with your rom and i do not think there is a likely setting that would fix it . however , in android 3.0 , google added mtp ( media transfer protocol ) support and it has been in all versions since . this allows the sdcard to remain mounted in the android system while also allowing it to be accessed on the computer . i can not remember the exact layout of ics , but to be able to change it to mtp from ums , it is probably pretty close to Settings -&gt; Storage -&gt; Menu -&gt; USB Computer Connection -&gt; enable MTP
in Settings &gt; Storage &gt; press the menu key &gt; USB connection &gt; MTP connection .
well i know this is a year late but i was having the same problems on my phone ( huawei y300-01 ) all my apps would b moved around , and pages were sometimes created . i saw that whenever i connected the phone the various usb options would pop up ( mtp , ptp and installer ) . i used to choose ptp as it was the only way to access the sdcard . i decided to try installer and found some drivers in the folder that opened up , installed them and now mtp works fine , my apps dont move around anymore after disconecting the phone .
see below how to change your email notification sound , or how to disable it . my android is 2.3.5 , gmail is 2.3.6 . you open the gmail app , menu > more > settings , tap in the account ; in the very bottom there is an option " labels to notify " . in my case i have " inbox " , which i am assuming is default ; when you click on it , you have a few options : " email notifications " - notifies in the status bar ringtone - this is what you are looking for , you can set any ringtone or silent vibrate - well , it vibrates ; )
i found that my driving mode was on in the quick menu . once i turned it off , it did not give me the audio email notification .
this question answers it but lets recap : in gmail press menu and go to more-> settings-> select the email account-> sound and vibrate . . . basically , should be a part of the settings within the app . i dont know for yahoo but it is probably similar .
try formatting your sdcard as either ext4fs or ext3fs . using such a tool as partition magic or even parted to quote from wikipedia 's entry on ext4fs : large file system the ext4 filesystem can support volumes with sizes up to 1 exbibyte ( eib ) and files with sizes up to 16 tebibytes ( tib ) . likewise , for the quote on wikipedia 's entry on ext3fs size limits the max number of blocks for ext3 is 2^32 . the size of a block can vary , affecting the max number of files and the max size of the file system : the reason fat32 is used , is to maintain compatibility with the majority of os 's on desktop/laptops , which is microsoft windows ! caveat emptor : some kernels have support for ext4fs in place , not all of them may have it , notably stock roms coming from manufacturers ! also , if you are rooted and running a customized kernel , chances are pretty high that the kernel would have support for this - you can confirm by checking via adb shell adb shell ls /proc/*.gz there should be a hit on the configuration file , usually named config.gz or kernel_config.gz or similar . pull that down via adb pull /proc/config.gz unzip this file and launch your favourite editor , search for the following keywords *config_ext3_fs* or *config_ext4_fs* or from the command line , zcat config.gz | grep "CONFIG_EXT4_FS" if the search yielded this line # CONFIG_EXT4_FS is not set or # CONFIG_EXT3_FS is not set you are out of luck as that kernel would not have any support . in short , if you need to support big files , a custom rom or a custom kernel would be needed this requires a pre-requisite in unlocking the bootloader in order to flash a new custom kernel in place that has support for such filesystems !
the maximum possible size for a file on a fat32 volume is 4 gb minus 1 byte or 4,294,967,295 bytes , sd memory in your phone is formatted as fat32 so you limited to have files smaller than 4gb in your phone . cluster size has no differences in limitation of fat32 structure .
just like the answers above . FAT32 has a maximum absolute filesize limit of 4gb only however partitioning your sdcard to Ext3/Ext4 will have a disadvantage of not being read in windows . if your device is already rooted then i suggest you to install a fuse ( filesystem on userspace ) driver so it can support NTFS volumes and keep compatability with windows . an app already exist to mount the driver automatically by using this additional file from the xda forums . after this , just format your sdcard to NTFS , your android will be able to read/write to it with ease update : i also found paragon mounter , probably based on fuse but optimized for android .
dude , i suggest reformatting your sd card to ext3 or ext4 . and i find it more stable than ntfs in android . and regarding operating system compatibility . . . its easy dude . . . rooting an android may void your warranty . . . so i prefer to mod my pc to read all file system . . . and its pretty easy too . . . just get windows drivers for ext3 or whatever file system needed . . . and in windows u even get drivers for hfs plus ( mac drives ) . . . so where is the problem ? ? ? i dual boot my amd pc with windows 7 ultimate sp1 and apple mac osx 10.9.0 marvericks . . . and all file systems work well on both the os . . we get every filesystem to work with windows by using proper drivers . . . and mac osx natively supports every other file system except ntfs , for which drivers are available . . . use the power of google . . . you can easily get drivers . . good luck . : )
keep usb debugging on and it should work fine .
here install it again - amazon kindle . comment if not worked .
root your note 2 install titanium backup either uninstal or freeze knox . apk and all associated processes through titanium backup . as awlays , make a complete backup before any changes .
check out his blog post on it . launcherpro shortcuts are a new way of creating , adding , and sharing custom shortcuts for launcherpro . shortcuts are created and shared as lps files . lps files are self-contained shortcut files that have all the info needed to make a shortcut , including the label , icon , and android intent ( more on intents in a bit ) . they are written in a new format that i created for this purpose , which is based in xml . don’t worry , i created a web-based tool for creating these files so it’s as easy as filling out a form and downloading the resulting . lps file . a shortcut always needs an android intent to be “executed” when the shortcut is clicked . intents are the standard way of launching activities/apps and sending information and commands to apps in android . if you want to create your own launcherpro shortcuts , please read this page for a detailed explanation of how intents work and how to make your own . lps files need to be stored in your sd card , either in the root of the card , or inside the folders “download” , “downloads” or “lpshortcuts” . to add an lp shortcut to a homescreen , long-press on a blank spot , choose “shortcuts” and then “launcherpro shortcuts” . if you have any lps files in the previously mentioned folders in your sd card , they should show up on the list . you can click on “create new” to go to the web-based launcherpro shortcut creator tool . you can also access the launcherpro shortcut creator tool from your computer , and then put the generated lps file in your sd card . he also links to a lengthy forum thread where people are posting some of their shortcuts . i can not seem to find any other resources of shortcuts .
or you could : long press the shortcut icon you want to change . it brings up the " edit dock shortcuts " list . then choose " change shortcut " . after that select " applications " ( the icon with the android in the lower right corner ) from the list . a menu with all your installed apps comes up , and you just have to click on the shortcut you want . in the end you will be asked if you would like to chamge the shortcut icon , between the default , launcher pro or custom icon .
keyboard can be replaced browser can be replaced ( opera , xscope ( i like ) , dolphin hd , etc . ) launcher can be replaced gallery can be replaced ( 3d gallery is my favorite ) camera can be replaced ( camera 360 ( drains battery like crazy ) , retro camera , etc . ) hell you can even replace the kernel if you root . not an app , but you can add search providers like getting the duckduckgo app which allows you to search using all search tools , but ddg vs google .
i had the same problem and restarting my phone fixed it . try rebooting your cell if you have not done it yet .
it sounds like you are describing a vpn ( virtual private network ) . a vpn directs all traffic ( whether http or other tcp/ip protocols ) through a specific server , usually with the intent to encrypt traffic between the device and the vpn server . however , encryption is not necessary , and a vpn would have full control over routing , which means you could customize a vpn server to block specific requests . or you could redirect requests to unsafe/undesirable websites to a ' block ' page of your choosing . almost all android devices have vpn capabilities built-in . you should look into that technology . in order to force the user to go through the vpn , you will need an app that can be set as a device admin ( a built-in , almost-root privilege that prevents the app from being removed ) that would also set the vpn to be always on . see this android . se question and answer for more details .
re-install these official samsung drivers . uninstall current drivers by going into device manager . make sure to check off the delete drivers option if given . reboot . reinstall the given drivers above without connecting the galaxy s4 reboot . go ahead and connect phone and verify that in device manager samsung adb device or equivalent is shown . if it shows an exclamation mark on it or other problem , then in device manager right click on the driver , update , let me choose from a list and choose the correct android adb driver .
you cannot install apk without a computer or working wi-fi or data connection . but , you can install apk via adb to your device . disclaimer : you need a computer/laptop in order to accomplish this . since the device is operational , you can enable USB debugging . then follow the steps given in this thread . an excerpt from the thread is given below . you can manually install your app by doing the following : install android sdk tools from this page ( download for other platforms → sdk tools only . ) install usb drivers for the phone ( usually from manufacturer 's site . ) turn on usb debugging on the phone ( in settings → developer options ) connect the phone via usb ( you can also do this over wi-fi with a number of apps if the phone is rooted . ) open command prompt or terminal and navigate to the " platform-tools " sub-directory of where you installed the sdk tools . issue the following command : adb install path_to_apk\your_app.apk keep in mind though that you are still essentially " letting them have " the apk , since the installation simply copies the apk file to the appropriate directory on the phone ( usually /data/app or /data/app-private ) and registers it with android 's package manager . a knowledgeable enough user can still retrieve the apk . thanks to chahk for his answer . thank him for the solution . correction : in step 1 , in place of sdk tools , you can just copy just the platform binaries ( adb and fastboot ) and continue to step 2 .
you may have to re flash the firmware . there is a program called odin you can use to do this . first of all install odin and the firmware for the s3 and your country on this site http://www.sammobile.com/firmwares/ ( search for gt-i9300 ) . you will be able to find many tutorials online on how to use odin but it is relatively simple . here is a good youtube tutorial https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-canyno5qne ( it is quite hard to hear him over the music but it should help ) . he uses the s2 but it is the same process . or use the written instructions on sammobile ( note this is the firmware for germanu , so do not use this firmware unless you are in fact german ) http://www.sammobile.com/firmwares/3/ ? download=29037 .
after uninstalling nearly all the apps downloaded from play store ( except a few like twitter , facebook etc . ) , i still had the issue . i , then , tried to uninstall google chrome which seems to be not allowed to do in normal ways ( i guess it is one of the default apps of the phone ) . lastly , i found out that there is an update for the chrome on the play store . i updated the app and surprisingly see that the problem is solved . have no idea what happened there and still suspicious about the problem but , seems like i succeed . p.s. i will be grateful if someone explains what happened to my phone , technically . ( does updating chrome change things for the default web browser ? because , i was having the same issue both in chrome and default browser )
short answer : no . the app dev must have made it like this . you could email the dev , to ask them to sort it , but otherwise there is no option .
a rom for the htc one will not work on the htc one x+ . despite the name similarity , they are completely different phones , with different hardware inside . ( the htc one x+ has a tegra 3 soc , while the htc one has a snapdragon . ) if you want to install a " stock android " rom on this phone , you will have to find one first , and as there is not a google play edition for the one x+ , this is very unlikely to exist . you might be best with a custom rom that does not have many customizations . generally , custom roms do not update over the air : you need to reflash whenever you want to upgrade to the latest version .
as su , do this : # mount -o remount,rw /system  you will now be able to delete it . as said in comments , do not forget to # mount -o remount,ro /system  or just reboot when you have finished . : )
an alternative would be to use adb push resp . adb pull to initiate a file transfer between computer and android device . for this , you do not even need the entire android sdk on your computer , a few files suffice ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . on a linux system , you could even mount the android device using adbfs ( see here ) , and thus access it like a " normal drive " from command line ( e . g . via cp/mv ) as well as from graphical interfaces .
an alternative to the dropbox way of sharing files is ubuntu one
you could use bluetooth to send it ; use your ubuntu system to do the sending and just make sure that bluetooth is activated on your phone . alternatively , connect your phone to your desktop via usb and change your phone 's connection type to be disk drive and then mount the disk drive on your computer ( my ubuntu system does this automatically ) . copy it over using the desktop 's interface of your choice . then when you disconnect your phone , use a file browser like astro file manager to open the file . alternatively , if you have somewhere to put the file , astro can get it via either sftp or smb . if you have wifi in your house , then you would be able to access it via smb . there are boxes provided for server , share , domain , directory , user name , and password . or you could use a data connection , but that would involve both your isp not blocking the needed ports ( mine does ) , and sending your password in the clear over the open internet .
i use dropbox for that .
i use FTP file transfer using filezilla . its easy , secure , and offers decent data transfer rates . so you do not need bluetooth or a usb cable to store and retrieve stuff from your device . there is a software called software data cable that allows you to transfer data wirelessly from and to your device using filezilla . using both of them together is simple . hope this helps .
i do not know of any shell utilities that will let you just right click and send , but for transferring files to/from my device in general i am a huge fan of files anywhere plus it can send/receive faxes from your phone . you can upload files from your machine via their web interface , then download using the app . it is a free service , too . for ubuntu , you might be able to write a shell script incorporating this and then add it to your right click options . i reviewed files anywhere on my blog some while ago if you want to read more about it . if you just want to transfer files while on your lan and you are using wifi , samba filesharing works super well . you can just browse to your phone 's sd card like it was a regular network samba share from your desktop .
you could also use a browser based remote desktop tool like airdroid or remote web desktop
summing up from the comments : no " reset " will ever roll back any system updates applied . for that , you would have to re-flash the original rom . for the device to show up with adb devices or fastboot devices , you must have your computer configured accordingly . if your computer runs windows , you will need a special driver ( koush 's universal adb driver might help you out here , in case you cannot find a specific driver for your devices ) . if it is linux , you might wish to consult my answer here , for a mac it might be similar . further helpful hints can be found via our adb tag-wiki . as you have multiple identic devices , some updated and some not , you should be able to utilize dd ( see also this wikipedia article for a starter ) to clone all partitions of one device and apply that to others . as partition structures are quite device specific , i cannot give you accurate details here ; a little research might be helpful especially on sites like xda developers . a custom recovery can be used for this as well : check out our nandroid tag and its tag-wiki for details on that .
that is weird . i have an s2 and when i get a message i can swipe the message notifications action and it gets me right to the message . if you did not find anything maybe you can add messaging as an unlock shortcut to get you right to your messages .
as far as i know , there is no setting for this unfortunately . samsung will occasionally update the s3 with os updates such as recently to 4.3 which changed the way text messages are displayed on the lock screen . so it not only depends on which version of android you are running but which samsung update you have got . perhaps you can try download a lock screen replacement app from the play store ?
you should try scribb . it which offers a few of what you asked for , and offers alternative features . its free and you can do stuff like make a todo list or make a note with the news headlines or word of the day . its a very new app to the play store but very promising . i use it for work and its increased my productivity by quite a bit , i highly recommend you check it out . its also optimised for tablet usage . you should also try evernote sketch . it has loads of features but does not support tablet very well which is what you said you have .
evernote 's skitch ( free ) and autodesk 's sketchbook ( express and mobile express - free , mobile - €1.50 , pro - € 3.76 ) may do it . perhaps other ever note ap ps may help you . evernote 's apps are note taking apps and sketchbook is more a paint-like app . have also a look at this android enthusiasts question and especially at this answser .
you can reach the google voice settings by going to apps -> google settings -> search and now -> voice -> ok google hot word detection and turning the switch to " on " google hot word detection only works from the home page where the google search box is located . if you do not have a google search box , you can get one from your widgets which is accessible by touching and holding the home page with your finger .
i had the same frustrations with my note 3 back in the fall when it was new . i solved it by creating an app first for myself then made it available on the play store . but first , on the s5 you have to enable car mode for voice wake-up to work . then you can install the app s for switch voice free to have google voice search ( ie google now ) answer your commands . and finally you can now have something similar to motox touchless control using the app touchless notifications free which does handsfree notification announcement and has something like the new " what is up " feature on the motorola ~ if you give the command " open my notifications " it will read-out the active notifications with pretty good looking display . . .
goto the last tab which has three horizontal lines as its icon . scroll down a little and you will see most recent
in my experience , trebuchet does always reload the list . i just have to wait a couple of seconds . if it really does not , you can go to the applications section in the settings menu , select trebuchet and force stop it . that should force it to drop any state , including the widget list .
this behaviour of rom manager was not intended , and according to the maker of the app , it has been fixed now . the reason for this is the downloading of rom icons when browsing the roms list . somebody had posted a rom as the icon causing it to be downloded in the background . i just ended up deleting the big file with root explorer . i do not know if i should have , or whether it broke anything , but i really needed the space . the article on xda , where this was discussed
there are some technical reasons explained on the android developers website that justify why the widget may have stopped working : any of this ones are not recommended to move to an external storage due to possible failure : services your running service will be killed and will not be restarted when external storage is remounted . you can , however , register for the action_external_applications_available broadcast intent , which will notify your application when applications installed on external storage have become available to the system again . at which time , you can restart your service . alarm services your alarms registered with alarmmanager will be cancelled . you must manually re-register any alarms when external storage is remounted . input method engines your ime will be replaced by the default ime . when external storage is remounted , the user can open system settings to enable your ime again . live wallpapers your running live wallpaper will be replaced by the default live wallpaper . when external storage is remounted , the user can select your live wallpaper again . app widgets your app widget will be removed from the home screen . when external storage is remounted , your app widget will not be available for the user to select until the system resets the home application ( usually not until a system reboot ) . account managers your accounts created with accountmanager will disappear until external storage is remounted . sync adapters your abstractthreadedsyncadapter and all its sync functionality will not work until external storage is remounted . device administrators your deviceadminreceiver and all its admin capabilities will be disabled , which can have unforeseeable consequences for the device functionality , which may persist after external storage is remounted . broadcast receivers listening for " boot completed " the system delivers the action_boot_completed broadcast before the external storage is mounted to the device . if your application is installed on the external storage , it can never receive this broadcast . copy protection your application cannot be installed to a device 's sd card if it uses google play 's copy protection feature . however , if you use google play 's application licensing instead , your application can be installed to internal or external storage , including sd cards .
as you have guessed , your widgets , live wallpaper etc will not work once you move them to sd card . if you are rooted you can use solutions like link2sd and data2sd which creates an extra partition in your sd card to move your app or part of the app .
the radio is not " on " all the time . just as in any other cellphone , it makes very brief contacts to the towers to update its registration with the network ; this consumes a small amount of power , but the power management design of the radio and the coprocessor which runs it are pretty well done , so it can power up the circuity it needs just long enough and then power it back down again . without that we would not be getting multi-day battery life even from simple candy bar phones . the screen in a smartphone itself consumes some power , but any any time the screen is on , the application processor - which runs linux and android - is also going to be on , and that consumes a lot of power compared to keeping the radio processor registered on the network but not actively exchanging data . with the screen off and nothing holding wakelocks , the application processor can try to go to sleep , and only wake up every few minutes to make quick checks . that is where your real power savings comes from , and yes , scheduling more or less frequent email polling can change this .
with cdma phones the data and voice use the same radio . its going to run all the time anyway because its constantly syncing data , towers , location . . . if you want to stop it without turning off voice you should turn off the apn . doing this will not put your radio to sleep but it will reduce your power consumption . check into apndroid or quick settings , and tasker to set triggers and automation .
this feature is rather be app-specific . probably the default photo app on your legend does this by default , while the one on you one x does not . to achieve the desired results on your new device , you might need to find a 3rd party photo app supporting this feature . your phone is certainly capable of it , that is not the issue .
there are no apps such as this that work without a rooted device . this is because these apps make changes to system files - and you have to be root to do this .
that would be a contradiction in terms : in order to disable permissions on-the-fly , root permissions are required -- no way around that . for non-root users , there is only a different approach : take the .apk apart before installing , manipulate the Manifest ( remove unwanted permission 's requests ) , re-assemble the .apk , and then install the modified package . unwanted side-effect : no direct updates , as the signature on the package breaks this way . an app doing this is e.g. apktool , available for windows , mac and linux .
you could install titanium backup and freeze the supersu app which provides root access on your device . i would not recommend uninstalling it if you do not know how to get it back .
seems like ' line ' is converted to a system app . you can convert it to an user app and uninstall it if you have root permissions by using apps like ' app uninstaller ' . otherwise you can disable it after uninstalling updates . disable button is can be found besides the force stop button . else restore your phone .
the cpu had to be changed to x86 . then it worked . see question comment thread for further details .
try " go locker " https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jiubang.goscreenlock gives you a wide variety of lock screens to choose from .
this is a simple guide , howto fix the emmc bug on cyanogenmod . 1 . at first install rom toolbox . 2 . open rom toolbox and scroll down to scripter and open it . 3 . click on add and make a script named " emmc bug " 4 . put " busybox mount /mnt/emmc /mnt/sdcard/external_sd . " into the command field and save . 5 . press on the created script and check run on boot . 6 . reboot also you can look at this post ( useful )
this is a small bug in cyanogenmod . you can mount /emmc to /sdcard/external_sd by folowing command :  su mount -o bind /mnt/emmc /sdcard/external_sd  you need to install a terminal emulator ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) in your mobile for excuting command . it is 100% working .
the best way to avoid this is to add your country 's international prefix ( it is +39 for italy if i am not mistaken . ) this way your network providers treats it like it would without the prefix ie . it will be a domestic call if you are in the same country , but it will still work if you are calling from a different country .
as a workaround , you could include the country code of italy in all your contacts . this has the additional advantage that these numbers will still work the way they are supposed to even when you are roaming abroad . i am not sure if either android or the cellphone network handle this case intelligently .
cyanogenmod , along with most 1 other custom roms , only include android code with a few google parts - all under-the-hood , of course . they do not include apps such as play store , google now , gmail , etc . these apps are available as a separate package commonly referred to as gapps 2 . so the answer is yes , you may achieve a " de-googled " experience if you opt not to flash the gapps package . 1 there are some instances that custom roms already integrate the google apps , but these are rare . 2 google apps
i believe that the viewsonic does not have any onboard memory and instead has an sd card that can not be removed for internal storage and another removable sd .
according to this thread /sdcard is the internal storage of your device . it is so named because android counts on a fat/fat32 filesystem at that mountpoint for data storage . the optional external sdcard mounts to /sdcard2 and is evidently not available via usb from the tablet . these are the " user serviceable " locations in android . to work with files outside these paths you will need to have root access on the device and use a 3rd party file explorer .
thanks to this answer to this question is moving apps to sd only available to rooted devices ? . i have discovered the getInstallLocation adb command and set the install location to internal on my un-rooted phone . with the android sdk installed , and my phone connected via usb with usb debugging mode switched on , enter the following commands : adb devices ( check that adb can see my phone , and start necessary services ) adb shell ( connects a shell to the phone ) pm getInstallLocation ( returns 0[auto] ) pm setInstallLocation 1 ( sets the default install location to internal memory ) pm getInstallLocation ( run again to check that it is now set to the correct location , returns 1[internal] ) exit safely remove hardware , unplug phone and all done , without any need for root !
i have not tried it yet myself , but here is an xda thread featuring a program that lets you move any app on or off your sd card and set the installation default to internal , sd or auto . i believe auto is the default .
there are many "*2sd " methods , and they generally involve root access . my personal favorite is link2sd . it uses symlinks , which take up ( practically ) no space . the actual program , data , libraries , etc are stored on a second partition on your sd card . this comes with the downside of actually having to create two partitions on your sd card ( meaning it will have to be formatted ) . if you have root , you likely have a custom recovery installed that can automatically partition your sd card . the upside of multiple partitions is that you can mount your sd card when plugged into a computer without causing the apps to disappear from your device . this is because only one partition is actually unmounted from android and mounted on the computer , and the other partition holding your apps is never unmounted .
the easiest way to get around this is to root your device and use an app that forces apps to the sd card ( e . g . droidsail super app2sd ) . limitations of this apps installed on the sd card wont have widgets - they will be broken . apps will not be loaded until the sd card is mounted . some alternatives use the link2sd app to move apps to the second partition of your sd card pros can move libs , and dalvik-cache which take up loads of memory widgets still work apps mounted during boot cons also needs root needs a second partition on your sd card .
all you have to do is press and hold the text message you want to delete . you will then be prompted to select more text messages to delete or just delete the one you have selected . if your android version is too old for this let me know and i will emulate your specific version and figure it out for you .
i have done that months ago for the very same reason , so i can tell from my own experience : you will no longer receive update notifications while on mobile data ( naturally ) no apps will auto-update while on mobile data ( again , naturally ) both is what you want . i encountered no more restrictions . update notifications coming in as soon as the device is connected to any wifi , updates i either do on wifi only . what i did not try is to force an update/install while on mobile data . in theory , this should work as long as you keep the app in foreground – but the installation will stall as soon as you switch to another app ( as then google play no longer is the " foreground app" ) . but that is the theory only , as i have never tested it .
actually the galaxy nexus has had a hardware-backed credential storage since 4.1 . it just is not enabled in production builds . read this for details : http://nelenkov.blogspot.com/2012/07/jelly-bean-hardware-backed-credential.html as this is not officially supported it might take some work to get it running on recent android versions . the reason the driver is not used is that the driver has a power usage bug which cannot be fixed without updating the baseband . so use with caution . cf . this commit message : https://android.googlesource.com/device/samsung/tuna/+/b74801dc22bb4945ddf79b2e12e6328a862d68c3
the " hardware backed credential storage " aka " android key store " is only hardware backed when the hardware on the device has the necessary hardware components in it . when there is not the necessary hardware available it falls back to software storage . android also now supports hardware-backed storage for your keychain credentials , providing more security by making the keys unavailable for extraction . that is , once keys are in a hardware-backed key store ( secure element , tpm , or trustzone ) , they can be used for cryptographic operations but the private key material cannot be exported . even the os kernel cannot access this key material . while not all android-powered devices support storage on hardware , you can check at runtime if hardware-backed storage is available from android 4.3 apis - hardware credential storage . my emphasis . finally , there is an api and even a system settings field that lets you check whether the credential store is hardware-backed ( nexus 4 , nexus 7 ) or software only ( galaxy nexus ) from credential storage enhancements in android 4.3 this a new feature and so it is likely that only newer , higher end devices have the hardware in them . according to that , the galaxy nexus does not have the necessary hardware . the nexus 4 does have full hardware support for this ; as you may now ( sic ) , the nexus 4 is based on qualcomm 's snapdragon s4 pro apq8064 soc . like most recent arm soc 's it is trustzone-enabled and qualcomm implement their secure execution environment ( qsee ) on top of it . from credential storage enhancements in android 4.3 the arm trustzone technology is analogous to the tpm hardware used on intel x86 pc compatible hardware to provide a hardware secure credential storage area . and just like tpm when it was first introduced is taking a while to trickle into all new phones . so , in the case of the nexus 4 , the ' hardware ' is simply the arm soc . are other implementations possible ? theoretically , a hardware-backed keymaster implementation does not need to be based on trustzone . any dedicated device that can generate and store keys securely can be used , the usual suspects being embedded secure elements ( se ) and tpms . however , there are no mainstream android devices with dedicated tpms and recent flagship devices have began shipping without embedded ses from credential storage enhancements in android 4.3 so , no , the galaxy nexus is not capable of enabling hardware backed credential storage , because it does not have the necessary hardware in it .
my google music 5.3.1317m . 940995 running on a nexus 4 with cm11 stores the mp3 files under /data/data/com.google.android.music/files/music you need root to access that directory . a older version of google music on a galaxy s stored it on the sd card . and , as i read in the official changelog , google music 5 . x seems to be able to use the sd card as storage too . which makes sense for devices with low internal storage space ( /data/data ) .
if you have a lot of patience and a little bit of *unix wisdom this should not too hard for you . just open up a shell or connect using adb and try : become root : su  search for the song : find / -name "*.mp3" 
the issue of course is that it is root issue , if you are not rooted it is hidden from view . the best way around it that i currently know is via the pc . download and install the listen app for your pc , then you can download the music you have bought from the play store , and you can use the standard explorer to transfer to your music folder . which is how i deal with it and am able to use my preferred music player . only resort to listen when i want to listen to an album i have not downloaded .
it will not fit , the note 2 batteries are physically larger than the note 1 's battery slots . your best bet is finding a good third-party extended battery .
basically android application package file ( * . apk ) file is created after the app code is ready to publish , this file is created after compilation and building and from dalvik conversion process , this file contains all of the resources i.e. your images , audio , layouts , classes , and as far as windows concern the .netframework and linux framework both works in different manner . . . if you want to replace only certain code of the you can do so in android but for security you need to sign that app again . . what dalvik do is irreversible process , so if new function is added how the old version will access it without knowing it ? ? that is why it requires to update whole app so that it can work and function properly . .
as far as i know it does download just the updates ( referred to as the " delta" ) on jellybean 4.1 and above . obviously the initial install is the full app but updates only download the data that has changed from the current installed version ( i.e. . the " delta " of it ) . you will not see anything different when updating most app , it will still look like it is downloading the full app but on some larger apps you will see if ' jump ' parts of the download which indicates that it is just getting the delta . engadget and androidcentral both have articles indicating that the play store does provide delta updates
as an android developer i thought the same thing , it was frustrating to say the least because one time i forgot to change one line of code , and it went out with that one line wrong , which caused the app to spit out log statements left and right . this question has been asked on so , but it is also on-topic here and i think this question should stay . so question : stackexchange-url as an android developer , my guess would have to be the way the software is packaged . every android app gets packed into a compressed file called an .apk . this file holds all of the code , layout files and images used to make the app function . it is kind of hard to update just part of a file , especially when it is compressed and if the developer has security features enabled like proguard , it would be next to impossible to implement a patch . i am sure google also had some security reasons for not allowing patches . code patches tend to leave unanticipated security holes and vulnerabilities .
i have the exact same problem , the only thing that fixes is doing :  e2fsck -fpDC0 /dev/block/mmcblk0p2  but i have to do it every boot .
there are multiple ways to copy files between your computer and your android device : simply connect the two using an usb cable , and mount your android device 's storage to the computer -- then deal with it like with any other drive create " shared folders " on your computer , and use an android app which can deal with them , like e.g. es file explorer file manager use an app which can share your android device to your computer , for even more manageability -- like e.g. airdroid use cloud services like e.g. dropbox or google drive which are accessible from both , your computer and your android device , to share documents between the two lame , but also listed for completeness : send the files to your google mail account , and then save the attachments from the gmail app far from being complete -- but it should give you an idea of what is possible .
bluetooth was enabled early on in android ( 1.5 or 1.6 iirc ) so any limitation in that regards is from your specific device and not the platform itself . i have successfully used hid bluetooth devices with : samsung galaxy nexus , and htc evo 4g lte , toshiba thrive , acer iconia a200 . i was unaware that there were any devices that disallowed hid device connections actually . in general though nexus [ anything ] devices are the least limited devices on the market at any given time , so i would say you can not go wrong with one of those .
bluetooth hid support was officially added to android in honeycomb 3.1 . any device that uses either this version or ice cream sandwich ( 4.0 -> ) or jelly bean ( future devices ) supports bluetooth keyboards out of the box .
i think ussd checker is the app that you are looking for . it allows you to send ussd codes to your network without the use of a dialer . i have not tried it myself though so comment whether it works or not would help .
it is about google account i think . logout and create a new account .
i would do a factory reset , then log on as yourself and try again . there should then be no trace of any other accounts on that device and you should be able to start afresh .
if you connect your device as a disk drive , you can use a utility like sdelete on windows to securely delete files . http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/bb897443 from the web page : " sdelete implements the department of defense clearing and sanitizing standard dod 5220.22-m , to give you confidence that once deleted with sdelete , your file data is gone forever . "
one simple solution would be to delete the file , then fill the memory with any other data so the space previously owned by the deleted file is sure to get overwritten . once the memory is filled up , the file ( s ) used for the filling can be removed , releasing the space again - only now recovery attempts will find only the filler file , not the original deleted file . note that this is intended only for combatting simple home recovery tools like testdisk . there may in theory still be ways to recover at least parts , or even the entire original file - however they would require some sophisticated high-end analysis methods . one example of such a method would be to analyze if some of the data is preserved because of flash wear leveling . however this is not easily done , and afaik would require connecting the memory card to a custom reader device of some sort , and might even require taking the memory device apart .
that is unfortunately not so easy . since there is not api for the secure deletion of files , it would require root for the " secure delete app " in order to achieve block level access to the storage device . only access to the blocks of the deleted file eventually allows an app to overwrite the leftovers of the file with random data . eventually , because the flash storage device could perform wear leveling . if that is the case , block #42 would not be always the same physical block , which makes the system calls ineffective . i think that is why there is not a secure delete solution for android yet . at least i could not find one on xda .
i have samsung galaxy s2 , running cm10.1 on my stock browser , i can long-press a link . a menu opens , and one of the menu items is Copy link URL .
ogg is supported by default . supported media formats
the problem , in my experience , is that the vanilla android ui does not give enough access to all the wifi capabilities that the device possesses . what i have done on my devices in the past , in situations where i needed to connect to an enterprise wifi is to remote into the device and change the wpa_supplicant.conf file manually . to do this though you will need root access on the device . the steps are as follows : make sure that you have the device connected to the computer and turn development mode on , with your device driver installed . you can find some of them on google 's page . you will need to have android-developer-bridge at hand , which comes with the android-sdk . you can get that here . in a terminal of your choice run the adb . exe file from the sdk with the following command : adb.exe devices . this will give you a print out of the devices that were detected . if not , check the steps above . now you will need to pull the wpa_supplicant file to your computer 's filesystem for modification , or you could do it through the terminal itself . run adb.exe pull /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf &lt;The path you want to put the file on your computer&gt; . open up the file and modify it by adding a block with the following format ( //is a comment and should not be placed in the document ) . you will need to get the correct information from your network administrator : save the file , turn off your phone 's wifi , and run adb.exe push &lt;Path of the file on your filesystem&gt; /data/misc/wifi now run adb.exe shell , and execute chown system.wifi /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf turn the phone 's wifi back on , and hopefully this worked . another option is to try to use some of the wifi management apps you can get on the play market , but in my experience they have not worked all that well . hope this helps you in some way . -mrdresden
like sachin shekhar said , you must use the following command : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n &lt;package_name&gt;/&lt;full_class_name&gt;  see a concrete example : getting the apk file from your android device or any market places running this command : aapt dump xmltree com.android.settings*.apk AndroidManifest.xml i would like to start " tethering " menu , so i search an activity in the output : (...) E: activity (line=190) A: android:name(0x01010003)=".TetherSettings" (Raw: ".TetherSettings") (...)  so the final command is : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.android.settings/.TetherSettings  the aapt command is part of the android sdk
use this : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n &lt;package_name&gt;/&lt;full_class_name&gt;  to control an app , you will have to put correct values of &lt;package_name&gt; and &lt;full_class_name&gt; in the command . for example , you can use com.google.gmail/com.google.gmail.check_mail ( hypothetical names ) as last part of command . obtaining package name of an app is easy , but obtaining class name of action is not . there are two problems : many app developers keep class info private . not all developers do smart modular programming . its good habit to divide an app in multiple classes which could be triggered by intents , but not all developers are smart . solution of 1st problem : decompile the app using apktool and see all info . there are also other ways , but this one is always-working method ( unless app is based on ndk instead of sdk ) . solution of 2nd problem : nothing . do not worry , most of popular apps follow best programming practice and they provide Public API from which you can get class info .
nike+ lets you select privacy options for your sharing . public , social , private
google hosts their flagship device otas online , fortunately , under the codename crespo for the nexus s . some searching along those line resulted in this android police post ( affiliate links removed ) : well , that did not take long . here are the instructions to [ get ] your nexus s rocking ics right now . do not try this on the cdma nexus s ! download the ota package rename it to update . zip copy it to the root of the internal storage power off the device , hold volume up and power to reboot into the bootloader select " recovery , " then hit the power button once the warning triangle appears , hold the power button and hit volume up select " apply update from /sdcard " and choose the update . zip once the process is finished , simply choose " reboot system now " once it reboots , bam ! you have got ics . congratulations ! the link there is http://android.clients.google.com/packages/ota/google_crespo/VQ8PQk_V.zip . koush notes that this is for the t-mobile version , the i9020t . from dottech . org : there are unofficial reports that the update works for i9023 ( the super lcd version of nexus s ) ; and can work for i9020a ( the at and t/telus/koodo nexus s ) by flashing compatible radio files . if you are a brazen fellow you can attempt to update your i9023/i9020a with the t-mobile ics package but be warned : you might get a brick .
it might be useful to check the android source to find the exact package name to the system settings , specifically this source responsible for date/time , line 226 is the key ! have played with tasker before , but can tasker directly modify system properties ? as in directly do this , i am quoting line 228 the pertinent part : Settings.Global.putInt( getContentResolver(), Settings.Global.AUTO_TIME_ZONE, autoZoneEnabled ? 1 : 0);  in short the actual direct name to the package would be com.android.settings/.DateTimeSettings , if that is of any help ! by using adb shell 's android activity manager , am , one can start the activity to go directly into that screen as in am start -n com.android.settings/.DateTimeSettings , experiment and see if that fits your needs as i have not actually played with it . : )
turn on : settings put global auto_time 1  turn off : settings put global auto_time 0  source : android sourcecode
it is legitimate . ( or as legitimate as an exploit can be . it is not malware and if used properly has little chance of doing damage itself . ) obviously the usual cautions apply with rooting any device . you may void your warranty . be sure to read through the forums at xda or other guides to be sure how and what can be recovered if something goes wrong because of a change made with root access . you probably do not want to root your brand new phone and then not have any understanding or way to recover if something goes wrong down the road . just do your research first . it will be worth the time spent .
i am afraid there is no real protection possible , for multiple reasons : as you stated , all apps can read everywhere on the sdcard . this does not require any special permission apps with the INTERNET permission are not restricted in using the network in any way -- they even can create their own sockets and implement their own ways of communication while using an encrypted container would look promising on a first look , the camera app could not access this container either when it is not opened -- and if the container is opened , other apps could access it as well . so even using such a container and have it replacing /sdcard/DCIM does not work for your purpose summed up : if you want that level of protection , you either . . . cannot use any app requiring the INTERNET permission ( no way for that , as several of them already come pre-installed with your device ) need to root your device and set up a firewall forbidding all apps to access the internet ( which , outside the eu , would void your warranty ) need to have mobile-data as well as wifi disabled all the time , and never connect your device to any network as none of the above is really practicable , you need to compromise : when selecting the apps you want to install/use , check beforehand how trustworthy they are -- and keep your fingers away from " suspicious apps " as well as " suspicious sources " . as long as you are only concerned about the photos you take : if you find a camera app which can use an encrypted container solely by itself , this might be a way to go ( i never heard of such , but it would be possible to create it , so it might exist ) . another possible thing would be a " container app " that lets you specify which apps are permitted to access it . but keep in mind that your gallery app ( which you use to view the photos ) most likely will have the INTERNET permission as well . . . edit : as compro01 pointed out in his comment below , with android 4.1 and up you can add some protection by enabling the " protect sd card " item in the developer options . if that is activated , apps ( including your camera app ) need to have the READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE respective WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE permission to access the sdcard . moreover , perennialpinömpel found an app named informacam : informacam , part of the securesmartcam suite of mobile apps , is a tool that allows users to embed expansive metadata into video or still images ; encrypt media to trusted destinations using pgp ; and securely upload media to trusted destinations who are capable of accepting informacam media . unfortunately , neither that app nor the full suite is available on google play currently . i also could not find an .apk on the mentioned site , so one would have to clone its git repository , and compile the app .
this has been resolved in android 4.1 , a.k.a. " jelly bean " . now google voice prompt appears instantly no matter how it is triggered . since the google voice app has not changed , my original thinking that it is the app 's fault was incorrect . still no idea what is causing it on earlier os versions .
that symbol is not android-specific : it is the symbol for a hearing aid induction loop . some landline telephones have an induction loop that transmits the phone audio directly to the hearing aid , so that hearing aid users can hear the phone call better than they would otherwise . the t stands for " telephone": because the induction loop system originated on landline phones , using the facility requires switching the hearing aid to " telephone mode " , usually by flipping a physical switch to a position marked with a t . it seems your phone has the same facility . the fact the icon is on the right with the " system " icons , instead of on the left with the notifications , shows that it is a part of the os , not an app . i can not say for sure as i do not have your phone , but i expect you can turn it off in the device 's accessibility settings .
i found that most of the time such type of problem are solved by this link . steps : ( for Windows specific instructions ) : ensure phone is not connected to pc . uninstall kies from pc . reboot your pc and reinstall kies after that . just for great measure . . . open kies , go to Tools | Troubleshoot connection error . follow instructions and wait for it to finish the troubleshooting procedure . reboot your phone ( or turn off and then on your phone again ) . Do not connect it to your PC just yet. once rebooted , go to your phone 's dialer , type *#7284# - a configuration window will appear . in that window 's usb section , if it is default to pda , tap modem , then back to pda , ( if it is modem in the beginning , change it to pda ) then press the back key to exit . most importantly , it must set as pda when you exit . turn off usb debugging in your phone . ( optional ) set your phone 's screen timeout to a lengthy time . ( minimum 1-2 minutes - recommended 5mins to 30mins ) its found in settings | display . you can change this back later on . connect the phone to your pc with usb cable and let windows load your drivers . . . and wait for the drivers to get reinstalled . once reinstalled , disconnect the phone off usb . switch usb debugging back on in your phone settings , and reconnect the phone back - you will see windows load another set of drivers for your phone . wait until it is completed . ( this step is a precautionative measure to ensure your phone is identified with all the necessary drivers ) once complete , unplug your phone , and turn off usb debugging . . . this is to ensure mtp will initialize . also , press the phone 's home key until your homescreen is displayed . only after doing all that , reconnect your phone back to pc . test and see if mtp works using windows explorer . you will see your phone 's usb storage and sdcard contents if it does . hope it will help you . .
apn settings are necessary for data service on gsm and related networks ( umts , lte ) to work . it defines what network to connect to and the configuration of the network ( e . g . the gateway gprs support node address , which is the interface between the mobile network and the public internet ) . apn settings are always required for data service on gsm and related networks . the reason why you did not need to enter them before would be either that you purchased the device from the carrier , in which case it would have been pre-configured with their apn settings , that the rom ( either stock or custom ) included your previous carrier in their apn database , or your phone was able to accept automatic configuration from the carrier . most custom roms and some stock ones ( in the case of direct-from-the-manufacturer devices ) include an extensive database of different carrier 's apns and android can automatically choose the correct one ( based on information from the sim card ) so you do not have to enter stuff manually .
the apn ( access point name ) is generally the gateway between your providers 3g network and the internet . they are usually auto-detected but occasionally you have to enter them manually when you swap providers .
while i am not intimately familiar with sprint 's 4g or your phone ( sorry ) i have found in my own cdma troubleshooting that the built in htc diagnostic tools can be very useful . i found this guide over at xda as one of the better lists of sprint cdma diag codes ( even though it is not for your phone specifically ) . i recommend trying ##33284# or ##3282# , one of these should bring up a utility that lists very specific information about your cellular network connection .
see if cell phone coverage map by rootmetrics is useful to you . it tests your connection and shows db level and upload and download speeds . plus it shows the cumulative data for the area based on yours and other users ' tests along with comparisons to other carriers .
it would almost certainly void your warranty , even if you somehow managed to do it without rooting . they also probably would not work -- 2.3 introduced several features that are not present in 2.2 . and apart from google apps , many apps like gallery/etc . are device specific .
in the settings option you have application manager . in application manager if you swipe to the left you will get apps installed on the sd card . it should look something like this :
as well as getting access to samsung 's sync and backup service , creating a samsung account also gets you access to samsung 's app store . it is not as extensive as the main play store , but it has a good selection of apps . whether you think that is a " real benefit " or not is entirely up to you .
it might take a minute or five , but certainly not an hour . but i know what happened to you as it happened to me too when i flashed my first rom . keeping it short : the ever-looping boot animation you are seeing is silently saying that you forgot to clean the caches after you have flashed your cyanogenmod rom . to fix that , do : reboot into clockworkmod . whipe the " dalvik cache " . optionally , while the " cache " . reboot into cyanogenmod . most of the time , it is simple an unwhiped " dalvik cache " messing things up . yet , in the unlikely case that should not fix it ( for example - when you were not running a previous cyanogenmod rom before you flashed your current one ) , you will have to do a " factory reset " too . but 1-4 should get you going , so i would not factory-reset it on the first attempt . ; )
if you want to connect to your home pc from your phone , there is connectbot
take a look at quicksshd - it claims " root " is optional , but i do not know whether it'll work with what you are trying to achieve . there is also the quite popular connectbot which should allow you to tunnel in to your pc .
as the policy says : this enables the administrator to erase all data . as it is a device administrator ( and not a user admin ) , this applies to the entire device . idea behind this is to protect sensitive corporate data , which might be contained in your exchange account . in case the device gets lost , your it admin can trigger the " data self destruct " . sounds like using atomics to kill a fly to me ( would not it be enough to destroy all those exchange app data ? ) ; but of course you could have copied sensitive data to any other part of the device . besides , that is usually not the only policy installed with an exchange account . in most cases it also includes that you have to use certain lock mechanisms ( e . g . you no longer can use a pattern , but have to use a pin or password ) , and in some cases even other stuff . which is one of the reasons i would never accept such an account on my device .
while not the easiest way around the problem , it is possible to do this using tasker . this is a program that allows you to script various things within android ( e . g . i have it set to turn off the keyguard when i connect to my home ssid . ) the following profile for detecting wi-fi signal is quoted from this thread : profile : low wifi ( 1 ) i have never personally done anything that complicated with the wi-fi , but the profiles i have set around ssid work like a charm .
if you download a book from the playstore in us , uk , canada or australia , then you go back to your country , you will still have the book , but will not be able to download anymore .
google play books is available in the us , uk , canada and australia . you can find this information on the google play help page , and it has also been noted on the @googlebooks twitter account .
it simply does not seem possible . on android , pictures are shown in imageview components , and this component does not support displaying gifs . on most android versions , you can not do it . maybe a custom contacts app can have the capability .
another thing to consider : in reality all batteries are slightly different ( even in the same batch of the same manufacturer/model ) so most phones keep self-calibrating the battery over and over in order to get more precise battery property readings . so depending on how this recalibration feature is implemented in the specific phone , replacing the battery might result in non-calibrated ( all calabration data being reset ) or incorrectly calibrated ( wrong battery 's calibration data being used ) battery . in the worst case scenario it could mean that the remaining battery charge indicator is like 20% off . . . but there is no harm to the phone itself ( besides already mentioned extra wear for the case/back cover/etc )
it is okay to use another battery as a backup . but if you switch the batteries frequently , you may end up with damaging your phone . even though the chance for this a very low , it is still a chance . when you change the battery frequently , you have to turn on and off the device . when you do this , the inserted battery spends power to start and turn-off your phone which is more of an unnecessary power waste . as a side effect , your phone covers may be at the risk of loosening , as a result of frequent use . other than that , there is nothing wrong with the use of two batteries with your device . instead of changing them frequently , you can switch batteries after using it for a certain period . ( e . g . a week ) your backup battery will always be with you holding a full charge for a week . see the battery tag for more info on battery usage tips .
this is because the command you used to invoke heimdall was , heimdall flash --recovery and , heimdall is caps sensitive , try this instead . heimdall flash --recovery . /clockworkmod_6.0.3.2_jfltespr . img --no-reboot
my partition was not called recovery but " sos " . you can check it by doing : heimdall print-pit --verbose from a terminal while the tab is in download mode . i flashed my p7510 . gist : https://gist.github.com/pskiden/6311605
ah well . it appears that the stock email app does not do sni . this means that in the initial connection to the server it was presented with another certificate it should discard ( but did not ) . it seems to me that this is a feature request for the email app , as other apps do implement sni . changing the apache ssl configuration to use sni with an initial certificate signed with the " gert van dijk ca " still did not solve it . logcat then showed : I/Exchange(12307): IOException while sending request: Cannot verify hostname: mail.mydomain.tld  setting mail.mydomain.tld as initial certificate solved it . i consider this an ugly work around until this has been fixed in the email app .
sounds rather like something is overheating ( hardware ) especially the shorter times on repeated attempts . presumably whatever that is is not in the speaker part of the circuit or when transmitting to bluetooth , but is specific to the headphone/aux jack part of the circuit . so , probably a hardware bug ( or " design flaw" ) , rather than a " limit " you can " disable . "
an app like permissions can tell you the meaning of the different types of permissions . for receive text messages ( sms ) : allows the app to receive and process sms messages . this means the app could monitor or delete messages sent to your device without showing them to you .
as far as i have been able to tell , there is no official information on what this permission is for . i have seen this in another app in the last little while . the google hangouts app recently gained the sms permission and uses it ( in addition to displaying your phone 's sms messages in the app ) to process phone number confirmation texts : the hangouts app processes the sms message and verifies your number without requiring you to enter the code ( or even showing you the sms message ) . if i had to make an educated guess , i would assume the twitter app is doing something similar , but again , there is no official word on the purpose of this .
i was concerned about this as well and decided to decompile the app to find out what it is doing . twitter receives sms messages via a broadcastreceiver in com . twitter . applib . client . smsreceiver . here is what the code looks like after decompiling it to java with dex2jar and jd-gui . you see see here that when a text message is received , the app passes the message to a ( ) and checks that it comes from twitter 's number . then it writes the content of the message to shared preferences . as problematic suggested , the app is only verifying your number and not doing anything malicious . although twitter is not doing anything malicious , it would have been nice if they would have explained why the app needs this permission in the last update .
login to your gmail . on left side you can see gmail click on that and you will see contacts . click on contacts and you will be able to manage all your contacts that are sync . note : use the email which you used in phone or one in which contacts are synced
remember : when creating a contact , you can decide where to store it . usually , there are at least 3 choices : google , sim , phone . if i read your question correctly , it looks like you have a copy in each of these places . in this case , tirath 's suggestion does not work , as gmail will only see what is sync'd there ( and phone + sim do not get sync'd ) . you then might want to take a look at apps like contact remover ( to ease deletion of the duplicates ) , or contact remover plus which also offers to merge or move them .
since you have already rooted your phone , this should help . here !
if anyone dealing with the same issue , i have found a solution on this link . it is for froyo , but you can look on xda-developers for gingerbread too , it is the same procedure .
no you cannot , that is done at build/compile of the source of the said android version whatever that may be . when the source gets compiled via . build/envsetup.sh  this is setting up the environment , and that reads in the potential devices via boardconfig . mk within each device/product directory . its when lunch gets executed , the menu shows like this the above is the example of building the rom for the zte blade , notice how userdebug and eng is prefixed !
no , the application is still available for users who installed the play and only store can not be reinstalled . by play store if you put back the google play , users can download and install it again . but never , under policies of google , an apk can / will be deleted from the device remotely by google / application owner but we had a case in the past , about a malicious app that was removed remotely without trace , all done and confirmed by google itself
i had the same problem with my g2 d802 only mine did work before when still running android 4.2 . it was a driver issue and fixed it by the folowing steps : download the android sdk at : http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html unzip the package and run the file : sdk manager . exe scroll down to extra 's and check google usb driver and install packages http://developer.android.com/sdk/win-usb.html#top for a little more info my usb setting is set at ( mtp ) that did it for me .
the pc software setting is just for installing and using the lg pc software . once your drivers are installed , enable usb debugging , plug it in , change it from " charge only " to " mtp " and usb debugging should work .
i read from a forum that for security reasons , the only way to change the owner is to do a factory reset .
turns out the changes need to go into telephony . db !
according to the fix app , the actual bug it fixes is 34880 . basically , play installs paid apps to the wrong location , specifically to /mnt/asec instead of /data/app . when the service cache is generated on boot , that location is not yet mounted , so the service and the associated accounts gets removed . this works around that by using the same account on a non-paid app , which installs normally , get picked up by the service cache , and this prevents the account from getting removed .
android 4.3 which has been just announced comes with multi-user with restricted profiles feature which allows the tablet owner to have granular control over the other user accounts on the device . and you can also control other aspects of the device : mature content filtering , access to games and user-generated content , and even specific applications
there are plenty of apps on play supporting that already . the first coming to my mind is paw server , which allows that and many more things ( basically , you can remote-administrate your device via wifi with this app ) . other , similar apps might offer the remote-ring as well . several anti-theft apps for example .
hmmm . . . . suggestion : create a simple android app that is listening for a broadcast on socket - over udp broadcast ? once it receives the broadcast , start playing a loud tune a la " ring " from your workstation , make a simple python app to execute by transmitting a simple broadcast packet destined for your said device profit \o/ edit fairly recently google rolled out android device manager , which it gets downloaded stealthily and sneakily , not confined to just jellybean , it applies to all versions of android going back to eclair ( 2.1 ) . this can be found in : settings > location and security > device administrators ( for gingerbread ) settings > security > device administrators ( for jellybean ) using this device manager and even if its not activated yet , go to the web interface https://google.com/android/devicemanager one can actually instigate : ringing the handset by way of the website contacting your handset provided the handset meets the criteria : signed into your google account geo location is activated handset registered with google play if location is activated , the web front end will actually locate the device for you on the map right down to the gps coordinates .
for your purpose you can use android lost .
have you tried starting it in safe mode ? press and hold the power key to boot up your samsung gt-i9100 galaxy s ii . after the start-up animation begins to display , press and hold the volume down key . when the lock screen is displayed safe mode is displayed in the lower-left corner of the screen . to boot your samsung gt-i9100 galaxy s ii in normal mode again restart your device . if you have installed / updated something recently , try removing it and see . . . if that does not work , you might need to effectively re-install the os by flashing a rom of choice if you can boot to recovery , flash a new rom ( or a new version of the stock samsung rom ) . check out the relevant forum on xda-developers . else , use odin to flash via your pc and usb cable . be mindful of the model and variant - the international i9100 differs from other us based variants .
the fm transmitter solution works , but can be a bit unreliable as you drive around , moving through areas with different interference etc . the transmitter works by sending the radio signal out at low power on a particular frequency , so if there is something bigger ( like a real radio station ) broadcasting on the same frequency you will hear that instead . i have a transmitter that can be battery-powered or plugged into the cigar lighter - it only works satisfactorily when plugged in . the quality of the sound also depends on how good the fm reception is in your car . as for the power issue , you can get splitters for the standard car cigar lighter ; search amazon for " car power splitter " for examples , such as : http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/b001jprlpm/ref=mp_s_a_5?qid=1293873275sr=8-5 if the transmitter works for you in your car and your location , and you can put up with the wires dangling around the car , then it is an ok ( not great ) solution . another simple method would be to replace your stock car stereo with one that has a 3.5mm aux input , and plug the phone straight in .
i have something similar to this parrot handsfree kit that i use for handsfree calls , but primarily for playing music from my desire through my car stereo ( which is of similar vintage ) . that approach has the advantage that you can control the music from the handsfree kit , not having to worry about which pocket your phone is in . yeah i am curious too . . it seems to use bluetooth . i do not think my car stereo has bluetooth support it does , but it handles all of that . my stereo does not have bluetooth either , but the phone connects to the handsfree kit , which then hands either a mono audio stream ( handsfree ) or stereo ( music ) to the stereo 's appropriate inputs .
you want to enable wireless isolation mode . on the linksys this is called ap isolation . from wirelessisolation . com : wireless isolation , sometimes called client isolation , is a setting on a wireless router . when this setting is enabled it prevents a computer that is connected to the network by a wireless connection from accessing computers and resources that are connected to the network by a wired connection . it will also prevent one wirelessly connected device from connecting to another wirelessly connected device . in essence isolating that device on the wireless network . this is used as a method of security so that you can provide both wired and wireless connection through the same network without opening up secured computers and resources to potentially unwanted visitors . this can be very helpful in businesses that have a wireless hotspot located in their lobby for example . without wireless isolation anyone on a wireless internet connection in a wifi hotspot would not only have full access to the computers and resources in the company’s network , but also to the various wireless devices that were using the wifi hotspot at that time . most wireless router makers will support wireless isolation in one form or another , if you already have a router and are curious to see if it comes with wireless isolation or not you can check your products manual , or log into your router and check the security tab .
after quite a bit of searching and testing i do not think it is possible to do . even locking safesearch on your google account on the pc does not change it for the phone . regardless of this i would imagine that if your son can turn safesearch off even if you did lock it he would probably try getting around k9 . this is not too hard , there is even a suggested method in the product reviews , it apparently does not stop you from browsing within another app .
go to wallet . google . com , sign in with the same account you used to set up the play store , select payment methods , click the edit or delete link next to the card you want to edit/delete . for more info , refer to this google wallet help page
32 dbm equates to 1584.89mw according to this calculator : http://www.radiolabs.com/stations/wifi_calc.html assuming a 12 dbi antenna gain from the comments above , that gives us 44 db of antenna power . the signal loss for 2400 mhz/km is 100.03db , citing the same site . at the assumed 44db of power , we will round and say . 044km which is ~144 feet . since throughput is inversely related , you are going to have a pretty poor download speed at 144 feet , barring there is nothing between the phone and the computer , on a clear day . this is half guesswork , but hopefully it helps .
maybe the mp4 file contains video packed with a wrong/unsupported codec . try recoding the video to a format that is supported by your phone . a quick search showed videora android converter . it seems easy to use and converts to formats supported by android .
does the . mp4 play as a video on a desktop os ? can you ' vouch ' for the source ? . mp4 is a container format and may well only contain audio , or is corrupt and the player can only salvage the audio . . . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mpeg-4_part_14
there is miui : miui is one of the most popular android roms in the world . it is based on android 2.3 and 4.0 , featuring better experience and richer themes . miui is updated every friday based on the feedback from its users . regarding the themes : over 500 themes created by fans available original third-party theme-changing program massive online themes for your choice themes can be found at miuithemes for your specific request , concerning an ios-like theme if you can not find it at the provided link , you can find it here : xda-developers thread : theme for miui to mimic ios droidforums thread : [ theme ] ios theme port ( based on the previous )
espier launcher is a homescreen replacement that mimics ios quite well , and still allows for some of android 's features to shine through ( widgets , customization , etc ) . unfortunately , it is apparently built by a small chinese dev shop , so it does have a few quirks . for one , it intalls some bloatware app store that is all in chinese , although it is easy enough to hide it from the launcher . there is also some weird mis-translations in the app 's settings . despite these shortcomings , it is a faithful reproduction of ios 's homescreen , and the folder/scrolling/long press animations are spot-on .
aix weather widget does hourly forecast in a graph . you can find it here : google play link several different widgets have multiple day forecasts . technically , i wrote a widget that does up to 7 day forecast graph , but i could not even get my friends interested in it enough to test on their own hardware . it works for me .
i can without reservation heartily recommend eweather . it does all you are asking for and more . i would be happy to pay for it if i had not gotten it as an amazon free app .
i have a rooted b and n nook tablet and see this same sort of thing . applications are identified primarily by their package name , and most app authors do not bother using a different package name across markets . my nook has the b and n market , the amazon appstore , and google play . these three markets tend to get into a game of tug of war , each trying to update apps to the version they see as most current . the thing to keep in mind is that , just because that market says it has an update does not mean it really is a newer version of the app than what you have , just that the version number is different . i get this quite a lot with the revisions of netflix on my nook as google play likes it at one revision number while the b and n market likes it at another . if your goal is to be completely rid of update notifications from apps you can not update , your best bet is to factory reset your kindle . a complete factory reset will get rid of google play and will eliminate the update notifications . then you can re-install the apps you have purchased via the kindle 's native app store . alternatively , you can re-root your device and let google play updates complete . i do not think this is the best solution for you , though , since your device could end up like mine with different markets each clamoring to apply their own updates in a continuous loop .
kindle fire sometimes has lower versions of apps than google play . install the google play update if you can , but if not then just ignore it or uninstall google play by using es file explorer ( outside source ) or something else . with es file explorer ( kindle appstore source ) ( it is also in the kindle appstore ) just go to app manager , select google play and uninstall it .
the second partition should be fat32/fat16 only because gingerbread does not support linking to ext partitions .
there is a program that does this for the iphone call shairport4w . it basically uses the air play feature of the iphone to play all audio through a wifi router to a pc running this software . edit : ok so download airstream . then go to the pc you want to play from , and download shairport4w . you will need the bonjour service from apple installed for this to work and if i remember correctly there is a way to install only the service without installing all of itunes . i think it is get the itunes full package installer and extract it as if it were an archive and only install the bounjour package . after installing bonjour start shairport4w since it is only a small program running in the background . then start airstream . it should find your pc that has shairport4w running on it and then start playing whatever you want . it will go over wifi and play on the pc . i tried is using amazon cloud player and it worked great . edit : i have just added the links to the mentioned software . though kevin explains it the other way around ( streaming from pc to android , so he is probably rather referring to this airstream app ) , the app i have linked above is the one for android → pc streaming . edit ( 2 ) : this actually is stream any music player on the android device to your pc via wifi . the new name for the app is allstream . look for it in the play store . unfortunately for it to work , you are phone or tablet must be rooted . i use it all the time since my sound system is hooked up to my pc as it is a media center , and listen to pandora , google music and amazon music from my tablet through the pc .
if you can skip the part with the " standard music player " , there would be some solutions involving dlna/upnp . this would require an upnp compatible device at your speakers end ( e . g . a fitting programm on your pc ) , and a streaming app on the devices . some devices have such a streaming app pre-installed , so you can share directly from your device . if not , you find several apps on the playstore , e.g. bubbleupnp . they act as a " dlna/upnp server " ( mentioned bubbleupnp can act as client as well , in the other direction , so basically you could use this on an android device connected to your speakers instead of your pc as " receiving end " as well ) . as for the pc software , you might check with our friends at askubuntu for a linux solution , there are plenty available -- see e.g. upnp / dlna ( client ) player recommendations ? , where several good choices are mentioned . i cannot speak for windows , as i live in a ms-free zone : )
if your pc has bluetooth capability , it may be easier to use this for streaming the audio . you need to enable a2dp on your bluetooth settings ( advanced audio distribution profile ) , then you pair the phone with the pc and all multimedia audio from the phone will be player by the pc . this means you can use the default music playing app and play your google cloud stored music too .
use the application on google play called airsong . this application lets you listen to the music you have on your device at any pc with a browser ( chrome , firefox , opera ) .
use VLC direct https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vlcforandroid.vlcdirectprofree using this app you can watch movies , play songs , view pics on your pc screen vlc player . requirements : vlc on pc after instaling vlc on pc you need to run a script which can be fount
okay so i have solved all of my issues . it was quite simple really , and involved the following : root the phone . easy done - here 's a tutorial : http://theunlockr.com/2010/09/20/how-to-root-the-htc-desire-unrevoked-method/ backup the current phone setup just in case i want to rollback . . . tutorial : http://www.addictivetips.com/mobile/how-to-perform-and-restore-a-nandroid-backup/ download a new custom rom to install . i went for the oxygen v2 rc6 gingerbread rom for htc desire . its excellent . . . fast , stable , resolves the space issues by enabling user to force apps to install to sd card , calendar shows the day when picking dates and even in agenda view , selective contacts sync is supported , and battery life seems better . it also makes it super easy to switch between 2g and 3g modes which saves heaps of battery ( in 2g mode that is ) . the rom is here : http://android-roms.net/desire/2011/01/06/oxygen-v2-0-rc6/ tutorial on loading custom rom here : http://theunlockr.com/2010/06/07/how-to-load-a-custom-rom-on-the-htc-desire/ reboot and enjoy the wonders of a pure android experience . . . no htc gunk , no telstra rubbishware , just pure unadulterated android excellence . note : i do have an issue with this setup . . . the network seems to drop out occasionally ( telstra ) . monitor this thread for a solution : telstra network dropouts on gingerbread oxygen rom
you can go to settings> manage applications> all applications> then , find and select the home app--- scroll down , and select " clear defaults " the next time you press your home key , it will give you the same dialog asking which app to use .
on android it is not that easy to modify the " fstab " , as that is often stored inside the boot-image ( see wikipedia on " initrd " for a more detailed explanation ) . however , depending on the device , there might be alternative solutions . some of them would be : directorybind binds " directories located on external_sd to directories on internal memory ( /sdcard ) . this way you can transfer large application data directories to external_sd . " ( in other words , you could compare that with " symbolic links " , pointing to the external sdcard ) . see also this article . swap internal and external sdcard . according to the linked article , this should work for any android phone or tablet . this solution is comparable to your " editing of fstab " . root external 2 internal sd is an app to swap the cards . from its description , it does the same as described in the previous point . there might be more solutions around , but these are the ones i have heard of . hope one of them can help you out !
here 's a solution from the lookout forums . this solution uses an app from the android app market , and is easier to install then the " logging test app " . the logging test app does not work on my phone ( samsung intercept ) . install any cut from the android app market . " any cut allows you to create home shortcuts to anything ! " go to " activities " . this will create a list of possible shortcuts on your system . it might take a minute for the list to appear . look for apps named ' iqrd ' and/or ' iqagent ' .
the people who make lookout now have carrier iq detector available in the market . note : it just detects it . it does not offer any tools to remove it ( for which you would need root anyway ) .
verizon claims that their phones are carrier iq-free .
on your phone 's home launcher , go to menu --> settings --> applications and look for anything that contains " carrier iq " , " iq " , or possibly " com . carrieriq . iqagent " if you are rooted , it appears that this app will check and see if it exists on your phone . the paid license key will also let you remove it from your phone . this app was made by trevor eckhart , the person who discovered this " vulnerability . " if you are not rooted , this app will attempt to detect carrier iq on your phone . and here is another app , by lookout , that will detect for carrier iq on your phone . also : if you are rooted and running a custom os , such as cyanogenmod , you should have no worries about carrier iq . carrier iq is bundled by the manufacturer/carrier and should not be included in a rom such as cyanogenmod as long as it is built from the aosp and is not a derivation of a manufactuer 's rom .
/data/dalvik-cache contains optimized bytecode of each installed app . /data/data contains settings and preferences of each installed app . neither of these two locations are touched when you move the app to sd card using gingerbread 's built-in methods . that is a limitation of android 's implementation of moving apps to sd . cyanogenmod 7 allows you to move more apps than the stock rom , but on phones with limited storage you will still eventually run out of space on internal memory . since you are rooted and already running cm7 , take a look at s2e . this app allows you to move both /data/data and data/dalvik-cache to your sd card . the only prerequisite is that your sd card must be re-partitioned to add a second ext2/3/4 partition , after the main fat32 one . there are many partition tools available ( free and paid ) that can do this for you . i personally use partitionwizard 's minitool partition wizard home edition ( windows , freeware ) . it is also recommended to use a stand-alone usb sd card reader for repartitioning as opposed to built-in readers on most laptops , since those tend to not properly write partition tables to sd cards . p.s. do not forget to back up the contents of the sd card before attempting to re-partition it , since it will wipe all of your data from it .
for those of you who have updated to 4.1.2 official release , it seems fairly likely that the release is causing the problems . if it is unreliable , you can always try rooting the phone if not already and installing a custom rom which is running on 4.1.2 rather than the official release which is clearly loaded with bugs . alternatively , you can always flash back to your previous version . someone reported that disabling samsung bloatwares cleared that issue , and also disabling wifi will decrease freezing frequency . look here , all are reporting same problem .
i have read a lot about this ; there are many pages devoted to it , and a suspected cause for everyone ; chrome , the ' sds ' fix , 4.1.2 , facebook , media scanners etc etc . bottom line is that no-one knows ; there is no one fix which works for everyone , and people are returning their phones to samsung and getting replacements with exactly the same problem . hopefully 4.2 will be out this month - let 's see if that fixes it . if not , i am guessing a lot of people 's next phone will not be a samsung .
my gs3 also started having the freezes . started about 2 weeks ago and varied between 3-4 times a day . in the beginning i thought this was due to a recently installed app and started uninstalling all my apps one by one . when this did not help , i backed up the data and did a data wipe/factory reset from the recovery startup ( vol up + home + power ) . this did not help either . i then googled and found out about the sds problem , but apparently , i was covered as i had the XELLC build . researching a bit more , i hit upon another solution that was suggested related to using the dummy file generator to fill up the internal sd card so that the problem which was guessed to be because of an i/o on a bad memory block would be fixed . so , here 's what i did : uninstalled all the apps ( did not help , problem re-occurred ) did a hard reset ( did not help , it froze again ) used the dummy file generator ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jp.nomunomu.dummyhl=en ) to fill up the remaining space on my internal sd . ( the phone froze during this process . i restarted and created the dummy files again , twice ) at this point , i did not have the freezing . i hard reset the phone again , just to be sure . next , while setting up the phone , i did not setup wifi or add the google account right away . i first completed the setup without adding any accounts , went to settings and turned off auto sync and then added the google account . ( something made me feel that was the problem . ) i also disabled " chat on " and " google chrome " that came bundled with the update . i do not know what i did above that helped , but the freezing problem is not there any more ( as of yet ) . hopefully , it does not return . p.s. : i was/am running official android and updates received ota . no root or mods .
seem to be an android bug . i found this in the android bug tracker . https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=42520q=summary%3abluetooth%20type%3adefectsort=-starscolspec=id%20type%20status%20owner%20summary%20stars
this system bar is part of android , and is used when the device does not have any hardware buttons to press . as such , it cannot be hidden . it should not , however , impact upon gameplay - this is an issue with the app , and you should contact the app developer to have it fixed .
some custom rom 's have a feature which will disable navigation bar and status bar , one well-known is paranoidandroid with it is feature " expanded desktop " . apart from that i do not know about any other ways to hide the navigation bar . new cyanogenmod-versions will also contain this functionality : https://plus.google.com/u/0/117962666888533781522/posts/dyssezeq8sf
brilliant app this - sharable . all others require internet and data costs - including bump . also there is no way you could transfer huge files ( full length videos or high quality clips ) via other apps . cross platform support is amazing . android , ios , mac and pc all supported . pretty fast as well .
there seems to be multiple options available . with a relevant internet search there is an application called bump which shares files by simply bumping both devices together . i am not sure if it does it over wifi if available or only does it over 3g . there is another option where you can set up an ftp server on the device using an application called swiftp which is not being maintained anymore but the last update was june 2010 . you can install this on one device and use es file explorer on the other device to compress and upload the file it using the ftp option . a third option would be use hoccer which probably uses their service as dropbox does , though i can not be 100% sure . i would personally recommend the ftp solution since that seems the most straight forward and you get to ensure that you have a direct connection .
wifi direct is supposed to allow device to device communication . it is a new standard that should be showing up on wifi device soon ( not sure when manufacturers will be supporting this ) . here is a list of devices that have been certified , not all phones . my guess is that when an app is released that takes advantage of this , there will be news on engadget or some other place .
i would suggest using dropbox . the interface let 's you upload or download files on an android device . additionally you can manage the files from any computer with dropbox installed on it . i have been a big fan of using dropbox on my droid 1 : )
how about good old ftp ? there are a lot of ftp clients ( some filemanagers support it , too ) and also some server apps ( e . g . swiftp ) .
what do you mean " do anything that is connected to a network " ? like access //mycomputername ? connecting to a share on a computer connected to the same network is not part of wifi , it is another protocol called smb or cifs . android does not support connecting to cifs out of the box . there are apps that allow you to browse for files on network shares , like astro file manager ( with the smb plugin ) . there are custom roms that do have built in support for cifs , like cyanogenmod for example .
you will need a file manager , and just browse to the same path that you do when you attach to email . if the xoom does not have a file manager , i recommend root explorer . if you do not have root you can try another , like astro file manager .
matthew recommended some good apps ( +1 ) and i wanted to also recommend es file explorer . if any of the ones already mentioned do not work here is a search of the file explorer apps in the android market . once you find one you can install it straight from the market page .
chompsms by delicious inc . available from google play store . with lots of extra features like quick reply , quick compose , scheduled messages , passcode lock , privacy , easy pick emoji 's , templates ( text snippets ) , signatures , heaps of customization options ( notifications , ringtones , colors , fonts , wallpapers ) , blacklisting and much more ! may diverge a bit from your precise goal , but works like a charm to achieve the same end . you can use this app to have a ton of templates prepared , and use them when texting someone . instead of typing over and over the same thing on different messages , either at the beginning , middle or end of a text , you just long tab the message body and pick up the desired template .
i realize that this is too late to help the op , who apparently could not be bothered to follow up , but for future readers that might come across this in a search . . . samsung products are pretty picky about the chargers they will recognize , and there can be several problems using " known-good " chargers . most after-market chargers are designed for apple devices , and will not quick charge most android devices without a special cable or adapter . but even with this special charging adapter/cable , some chargers will not work for samsung even though they might work for , say , lg ( i have this scenario , so i know about it ) . also , most usb ports , and many chargers , cannot supply more than . 5 amps , which is not enough for many phones or tablets . so , the bottom line is to always keep the original charger and cable to test the device , and if you can , try to get a replacement before you need it , so you can compare it to the original to make sure it works . otherwise , if your original goes bad , and you get a replacement that does not work also , you will never know where the problem lies .
logging on android uses a ring buffer with a fixed size ( exact size depends on different criteria ) , see e.g. what is the size limit for logcat ? , so older entries get overwritten once the buffer is " full " . you can adjust the size of the buffer ( see : how do i increase the log size of dev/log/main ? ) -- but those adjustments would probably not survive a boot . if you really want to make sure no log data is lost , you would need to pipe the log to some " external ressource " -- either to some " external storage " or " the cloud " .
first the log in android it is a circular log , that means that if you have a lot of logging going out there you are older statements will be overwritten . why do not you use a custom solution like microlog for android http://code.google.com/p/microlog4android/ you can use command logcat | grep ' yourtag ' , for only showing your apps logs . it can be done through any terminal emulator , or using android debug bridge ( adb )
you have not specified the android version , but on tablets the difference is generally because the system bar ( or " combined bar" ) is 48px ( specifically , 48dpi , but in your case that is 48 real pixels ) and the apps are only considering available screen space when they report the resolution : portrait = 768 x ( 976 + 48 ) = 768 x 1024 landscape = 1024 x ( 720 + 48 ) = 1024 x 768 some references : what is the true available resolution of a 10.1 android tablet ? asus tf101 tablet status bar steals 48 pixels metrics and grids ( from developer.android.com; explains why 48 dpi was chosen for ui components )
this would be the toolkit needed to help alleviate your bootloop . read the whole thread to fully understand what is going on . http://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-4/orig-development/toolkit-wugs-nexus-root-toolkit-v1-8-2-t2015469 you will be able to root your device , fix your problem , then if wanted you can relock your device or install a custom rom . i used this on my nexus 7 , when i accidentally wiped everything ( turned it into a paper weight ) . there were other ways to fix , but the toolkit is by far the easiest . hope this helps and good luck !
no , it is not possible . how did i get such result ? as always i started to google this possibility but found nothing interesting . so i decided to check android browser source code . if you want you can download it by typing in console : git clone https://android.googlesource.com/platform/packages/apps/Browser  after 5-10 minutes ( i am not new in programming ) of looking repository i found 2 facts : 1 ) the homepage is saved as one String ( java type ) . 2 ) the homepage is opening by calling this function ( in Controller.java ) : @Override public Tab openTabToHomePage() { return openTab(mSettings.getHomePage(), false, true, false); }  so as you see ( if you know programming a bit ) it returns one tab , not several ( like List&lt;Tab&gt; ) .
this is not an answer as such , more of a work-around . the other poster mentioned paid apps that can revoke permissions . i suggest to try using srt appguard , i have used it to install apps that are not supposed to be on a tablet on my nexus 7 and other wifi-only devices ( most notably whatsapp ) by revoking the device id permission .
this was available in cm7 , but got removed in cm9 and above , for reasons i do not know myself . it is possible that the maintainers of cm could not find a way to make this compatible with android 4+ and so left it out . there are apps on the market that can do this , such as permissions denied however this is now a paid app , and i am unable to report whether this works . edit : ad eldarerathis pointed out in the comments , there is an open feature request to add this to cm10 and later . i suggest you follow this request for updates .
rebooting the phone and setting it to connect via usb as internet connection -> ethernet worked for me . lg also has drivers on their site ( http://www.lg.com/us/support-mobile/lg-vs415pp ) but i am not sure they are necessary for this to work , and even with them installed adb only works when in ethernet mode . you are not wrong to be frustrated , though - i have been developing for android since 2009 and have used dozens of devices , and i have never once had one that required a setting like that for adb to work ( at least not any google-certified official devices ) . weird . edit ( aug 25 2014 ) - looks like after the phone is rebooted or unplugged , sometimes it " forgets " its connection mode , or tries to connect as an installer even though it is still set to do an ethernet internet connection . re-selecting the statusbar notification and setting it back to internet+ethernet again works , but it is kind of annoying to do regularly . then again , for the $25 i spent on this phone , i suppose i can not expect too much . . .
i actually found this site http://viewsonic-gtablet-for-dummies.webs.com/ , reading through it , its great ! just what i need .
slight disclaimer : i do not own a gtab , so i am not particularly familiar with it . that being said , rooting devices and installing custom roms is at least somewhat similar across devices . i would start by taking a look at this thread over on xda . it has links to a bunch of other threads with instructions on how to get a custom recovery ( clockworkmod ) on your device , how to flash a rom , and a bunch of other useful things . in particular , there is a pretty good guide for installing clockworkmod v08 , which would essentially get you to a point where you could follow the vegan-tab installation instructions . be advised that doing this will wipe all of the data on your device , so make a copy of anything you do not want to lose .
did you install recover ( such as amon-ra or malez ) ? in that case you can just reboot in recovery using the free application from the market " quick boot " and do from the recovery a wipe all . if not it is time to find out which kind of recovery is best for you ( and your device ) and install it : ) ps if you add further details and/or questions i can answer more accurately
boot in a custom recovery ( cwm , twrp or anything similar ) and format /data , /cache , /system , /sdcard ( or /emmc ) , /external-sdcard ( or /sd-ext or anything like that ) now install with odin a stock rom and it is all back to like it was when you first got it
to completely format your device , you need to use odin and an odin-able rom ( preferably stock ) . note that the device can not be blank . you should always have firmware on it . download odin 1.85 from here and extract it . download stock firmware ( listed here ) , you probably want jpkf3 . put your phone into download mode ( you may have to attempt this a couple times ) : power off the phone hold voldown + ok : click the power button let go of voldown + ok when the android icon with " downloading . . . " underneath appears start odin connect your phone to usb and ensures it shows up in odin ( a yellow box with a com port will be shown ) . if it does not , disconnect and reconnect . if it still does not , reboot your phone and start over from ( 3 ) . click the pda button in odin and choose the firmware file you downloaded . click start and wait till " pass " appears in the message area . if it fails , start over from ( 3 ) . normally , to completely wipe the device , you would select " re-partition " in odin . however , this apparently can brick the galaxy s ii ! so do not do it . i guess it only works consistently with the original galaxy s .
chahk 's answer really deserves more attention , great answer . i would however recommend the app diskusage , which gives a better visualization of used space . for the best features , root is recommended , but not strictly needed .
if you are rooted , this is quite easy to find out . first you need to find the app 's package name , e.g. com.swype.android.inputmethod for swype , or com.google.android.apps.maps for google maps , for example . you can usually search for the app in android market , and the link will contain its package name , e.g. https://market.android.com/details?id=com.google.android.apps.maps would be the link to google maps . usually the package names are descriptive enough that you can simply guess which app they represent just by looking at it . you can do a few simple ls commands in terminal emulator or adb shell to find out the app 's name , and where it is stored . however , you will need to have root access to the device since app and data storage is protected . pre-installed apps are generally located in /system/app directory . use the command ls -l /system/app/ to find how much space a particular system app is taking up : on most stock roms you will see an . odex file along with a . apk file for each app - those are pre-compiled binaries optimized for your given device . you cannot remove them . 3rd-party apps are installed to /data/app or /data/app-private directories . command ls -l /data/app/[package_name_here]* should return the amount of space taken up by this app on internal memory . for example , here 's the output of looking at google maps apk : the app data and settings are located on /data/data/ partition . there you will find a directory for each installed app , e.g. /data/data/com.google.android.apps.maps/ for preferences and settings related to the google maps app . again , ls -l /data/data/com.google.android.apps.maps/* will return a listing of all files with their sizes : android 2.2 ( froyo ) introduced the ability to move apps to sd card ( or " external storage " on some devices ) . this introduces a level of complexity since portions of the app get moved around . for every app that you move to sd card/media area , the system creates a virtual mount point named /dev/block/dm-X , where " x " is a sequential number . it them moves the app 's apk ( android package ) file and some preferences there . you can view this by issuing a mount command in shell/terminal emulator . along with other usual mounts , it should show which apps were moved to sd card like in an example below : here i moved astro file manager and atrackdog apps to the sd card on my phone . use ls /mnt/asec/ to view the directories created for the moved apps . issuing command ls -l /mnt/asec/* will list the file sizes within those folders : the wrapper for the virtual partition gets stored inside a hidden " . android_secure " folder of the sd card : once moved the app 's apk will no longer be under /data/app/ or /data/app-private/ folders . another area of interest is dalvik cache - an area that contains cached data for each installed app . upon first boot-up or new app installation the system generates a . dex file for each app that it uses for quicker start-up . these files are stored on /data/dalvik-cache/ partition . command ls -l /data/dalvik-cache/*[package_name_here]* will return the space taken up by the app 's dalvik cache . for example , here 's how much space is taken up by google maps app : next , the /cache partition of the internal memory may be used by apps . the command ls -l /cache/ will show you all files stored there , along with sizes and owner information . for example , on my phone here 's the output : besides the standard directories , there is a file named downloadfile-1.apk that belongs to something named " app_13" . i can cross-reference this " app_13" name to the listing of ls -l /data/data/ to see that this file belongs to android 's built-in downloader : finally , apps can use the sd card for their own purposes , and there is really no way to track this , unless the app names its folders something recognizable .
on my encrypted nexus s i use a temporary tmpfs mount on /sdcard in cwm . it has enough ram to hold the new rom in memory during the update : download your rom to /tmp/update . zip and boot into recovery . then log in via ' adb shell': then do the usual update steps ' install zip from sdcard ' . edit : starting with ics/jelly bean there is the new adb sideload &lt;filename-of-update.zip&gt; method it works with cwm from version 6.0.1.5 onwards and you need the android sdk platform-tools v16 or better . if you are in cwm you can see a new entry install zip from sideload if it is supported . the old method still works : if sideload does not work , you can still use the tmpfs method . cwm expects /data/media as the location for the update . zip now , the mountpoint has however to be /data so you have to do this now : me@workstation$ adb shell ~ # mount -t tmpfs none /data ~ # mkdir /data/media ## Go on with 'adb push update.zip /data/media' and then like above  reason : starting with ics+ the proposed partition layout has changed . there should be no fat formatted sdcard partition any more but the external storage now resides within /data/ ( /data/media ) . to remain compatible , a fuse mount emulates the old fat properties ( access rights and such ) . you can see this when there is a fuse mount on /storage/sdcard0 , it looks similar to this : shell@android:/ $ mount | grep fuse [ . . . ] /dev/fuse /storage/sdcard0 fuse rw , nosuid , nodev , relatime , user_id=1023 , group_id=1023 , . . . 0 0 [ . . . ]
ce4 's answer did not work for me on my galaxy nexus gsm ( maguro ) using cwm 6.0.1.1 . i kept getting errors from cwm telling me it could not mount /sdcard even after i mounted a tmpfs there and used adb to push the update . zip there . after reading a thread at xda i found out that unlike cwm , twrp is capable of mounting an encrypted sdcard partition . so i downloaded twrp for the gnex and flashed it using fastboot . when i booted in to recovery it asked me for the password for the encrypted sdcard partition and i was able to flash the update normally . links : twrp xda thread
yes , custom recovery works with encrypted honeycomb device . the built-in encryption does not touch rom and firmware at all . it just encrypts accounts , settings , downloaded apps and their data etc . which can be located on phone memory , internal sd or external sd . that is why encryption is no longer present after factory reset because there is no encrypted data available . files for custom recovery environment live on rom as firmware . that is why they survive factory reset . as flashing files/updates has to do with rom , you will be allowed to do it . when it comes to nandroid backup , you can do it too , but the chunk of encrypted data will backed up in that form which can not be restored using titanium backup . yes , you could do nandroid restore flawlessly .
itunes can never be found nor used in android phones . it is " only " meant for apple users . unlike apple gadgets , android only can manage the content of their phone via their phone only , there is no trick or there is no app available to do it just like what itunes does . that makes apple and android very different . i used both apple and android and the truth is , i love managing android more than apple , it is less complicated and i do not have to worry about syncing most of the time . samsung kies only is used for you to sync your phone to a computer , it will not do you anything else . you have a nice phone , galaxy note 3 , why not try to explore it and maybe you will realize it is much easier to use than your phone before ? :- )
you will not find a good " itunes for android " for your desktop computer , because android was designed from the start to eliminate that dependency on a desktop computer . an iphone uses a protocol that only itunes understands , so itunes is the only way to get music and photos onto it ( originally , you had to install apps through itunes too : there was no app store on the iphone itself . ) in contrast , android phones use mtp to act like any media player device , so they show up as a drive on your desktop computer . ( originally they used the usb mass storage protocol , but that approach had shortcomings . ) you can just drag and drop files onto the phone , or you can use a more specific piece of software . for example , if you want to put music on your phone , and you do not want to drag and drop files , there is a choice of music software that support syncing to non-iphone music players , including android phones . rhythmbox and clementine are two examples . similarly , if you want to put some photos on there , you can just drag-and-drop them if your folders are neatly organised on your desktop computer , or you can use a photo manager like shotwell or geeqie . in your question , you say : google could have an app that can handle the basic needs of an android user . i have not been able to find this . and the answer to that is that you have been looking in the wrong place ! if you want to organise your home screens and install , update , and remove apps , do not run to your desktop computer : the place to look is on your phone . all that functionality has been on android phones right from the start , so there is no need for a huge " manage my phone " program on your desktop .
gift cards expire after a year of not being used , i think . to check their value go to buy an app , and on payment methods , the card will be displayed with the value underneath . then cancel out of buying the app .
according to the tos , google play gift cards never expire . you can view your balance by opening your google wallet page ( you can also view your transaction history here to figure out where your money went ) or by contacting customer care at 1-855-466-4438 .
it is most likely related to how the task stack works . in android , an application can open an activity in another application , but the task stack still belongs to the first application instead of the second . for example , if you open a youtube link from firefox then the back button will take you back to firefox . the task stack may often cause apps back button to appear to behave strangely especially if you do not understand how the task stack works ; most strange behaviors with the back button is caused by users that do not understand back stack , but sometimes strange back button behaviors may be because of a bug in the application , or because of application developers that do not understand the task stack and tried to work around it rather than with it ( causing grief for people that do expect proper back stack behavior ) . the task stack is also the reason why the recent apps list may show an app that belongs to say firefox but shows a screenshot that appears to come from the youtube app , and clicking that app will bring you to a youtube activity instead of to firefox . the recent apps list shows both the app name and a screenshot because both are needed to decide which app to switch to . if you want to go to the youtube app to start a new task , you should switch to the app that is named youtube , instead of any apps that have the youtube app screenshot . but if you want to return to the video you watched before that email come that interrupted you , then you want to go to the one that shows the right screenshot , which may actually be named with your browser or newsreader . i used firefox and youtube as an example but this works similarly in any properly written apps .
restore via holo backup didnt worked at all . nothing happened on my phone no matter what kind of backup i tried to restore . restore via adb from commandoline worked . . . well not the full backup ! ! it stucked at an app called " tasks " . but backup only from app and system data worked fine ! so i just let google restore all my apps . apps and folders on the homescreen were restored . email ringtone too ( hangouts sms not ) . alarms were also restored . i just pulled and pushed my whole sdcard0 folder manually .
if the download failed , the broken download was deleted . it is not stored anywhere , and it is not taking up space .
sure , you can create a simple alarm clock with llama . first , you need to learn the cell tower id of the location ( s ) you want to use . llama uses cell towers instead of gps ( by default , at least ) because gps is much more battery intensive . as long as each location is more than a few miles apart , you should be fine . second , you set up an event . for each location , you set up two events , one for entering and one for leaving . i suggest simply setting a llama variable when you enter , for example a variable called Location gets set to the name of the area when you enter , and gets cleared when you leave . next , set up your alarm events . you create an event , and have two conditions . the first one will check that variable to see if we are in the right place . the second condition will be based on the time , called Time Between . set the time-frame to be one minute . if you also want to care about the day of week , you can do that as a third condition . if both ( or all three ) conditions are met , then the action will be run . add an action to Play a Sound , Speak , Vibrate , or do whatever you want for your actual alarm . once you have your first alarm event created , you can long-press on it to copy it and make as many alarms as you want .
ah i managed to find out what the problem was . basically , these events were imported from an . ics file generated by a timetable builder website ( i am a university/college student , and the website builds your timetable for you if you key in the modules you take/plan to take ) . the classes that occur every alternate week are not saved as occurring every other week ; they are saved as occurring every week , with exceptions of the dates of the alternate weeks . i am not sure if google calendar officially supports this as i see no option to save a repeating event with exceptions manually , but after importing the . ics file , these events show up fine in the web browser in google calendar . the calendar app on android , however , does not recognise these exceptions , so they just show that the event occurs every week .
under Settings, Tethering &amp; portable hotspot enable the Bluetooth tethering checkbox . it may help that i have also just updated the bluetooth drivers on my pc , as i think but am not sure that i tried this earlier .
if you use windows , you should be able to right-click the bluetooth icon in your taskbar , and select the option to join an bluetooth network ( may be named different )
the first thing you could try is to clear the android market cache and data . this can be done from Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; (All -&gt;) Market -&gt; Clear data . note that the " all " tab may not be available on your device , depending on your android version . if it is not there , then disregard that step .
there will be an su binary on the device usually in either /system/xbin or maybe in /system/bin . that is the minimum binary needed for root . there may also be an application called superuser . this allows applications to request root access and gives you the ability to grant or deny the request . samsung can check if the device is rooted ( not remotely ) , like if you send it in for warranty repair , but if it has been rooted , it will void your warranty .
as chahk galaxy s2 has a flash counter which counts how many times custom rom has been flashed . you can reset it with usb jig which works on every version of android . usb jig is a usb device which allows you to get into download mode remove the yellow triangle reset odin counter/reset custom binary counter more detailed information can be found at usb jig faq
id like to add to chanks answer that it is possible that even if you reset the counter ( or it has been reset ) using the app , there might be another counter which counts how many times the first one has been reset . it is not clear if this second counter does exist or not . if it does exist , as far as i know , there is no way to reset it .
most samsung android phones and tablets can be restored back to " stock " firmware via odin or heimdal tools . this wipes all traces of rooting or any other kind of system alterations , and in most cases is sufficient for sending the device in for in-warranty servicing to the carrier of manufacturer . however , with the galaxy s2 series of devices samsung introduced a hidden " flash counter " which keeps track of how many times such a tool has been used . a community developer actually found where this information is stored and created an app that allows you to reset the counter . unfortunately the app only works on ics ( android 4 . x ) right now . see this thread on xda-developers forum for more details .
in google voice app go to menu -> more -> settings -> making calls -> ask every time i make a call . now you will be presented with a pop-up asking to choose whether or not to use google voice for this call . it does not show the name or number you are dialing , but at least it will give you a buffer zone , a chance to cancel a call .
have you tried 3rd-party solutions ? call confirm app on the market seems to do exactly what you need . i just installed it and can confirm that it works in conjunction with other apps ( voice search , google voice , etc . )
as the links in the comments are partly broken , i try to sum some things up here -- before the remaining links go to nirvana as well . global shortcuts browser shortcuts messaging shortcuts Press C to compose new message Press R to reply Press A to reply all Press F to forward  ( source : htc . com ) assigning your own shortcuts while on the home screen , you can quickly open an app or an item by pressing a keyboard shortcut . while on the home screen , open the slideout keyboard . press and hold any of the keyboard keys ( a ~ z ) . tap ok . tap apps or shortcuts , and then tap the app or shortcut that you want to assign to the selected key . if you are assigning a shortcut to an item on your phone , follow the screen instructions to proceed . while on the home screen , press and hold the key you’ve assigned a keyboard shortcut to . the app or item opens . ( source : htc . com )
it is widely believed that the nexus 7 's magnetic sensor works in an almost-identical fashion to ipads ' smart cover ; i could not find direct information about the n7 , but ifixit has a great teardown of the ipad smart cover that goes into detail of how it works . the nexus 7 has a magnetic sensor that can tell when a magnet of sufficient pull force is nearby . the sensor is located under the screen near the pogo plug on the bottom-lefthand corner , estimated to be 45mm up from the bottom left corner and 15mm in from the left side .
your magnets are probably in the wrong place . the nexus 7 's magnetic cover sensor is not along the right-hand edge , where the magnets that hold the cover closed are . it is in the bottom-left corner of the screen , about 2 cm from the left-hand rim of the device , and 4 cm from the bottom rim . put another way : with the device in the " camera-uppermost " orientation , with the stock home screen displayed , the icon at the left-hand end of the tray is in the right place . you also need a pretty strong magnet . most fridge magnets are not strong enough to trip the reed switch , but a buckyball will do it ( if you can still buy those where you are ) .
reposting answer for future people ! naturally , i figured it out 10 minutes after posting . can not answer for another few hours because i am a new user . under the security section of the settings , there is a device administrator page . i deactivated the " email " app as an admin . it warned that it would delete all my mail and stuff and i accepted . no factory reset required . thank you stack exchange for allowing me to express my question so i could figure it out myself : )
see the section on automatic aggregation of contact data in the using the contacts api from the technical resources on the android developers site . as the article explains : when a raw contact is added or modified , the system looks for matching ( overlapping ) raw contacts with which to aggregate it . it may not find any matching raw contacts , in which case it will create an aggregate contact that contains just the original raw contact . if it finds a single match , it creates a new contact that contains the two raw contacts . and it may even find multiple similar raw contacts , in which case it chooses the closest match . two raw contacts are considered to be a match if at least one of these conditions is met : they have matching names . their names consist of the same words but in different order ( for example , "Bob Parr" and "Parr, Bob" ) one of them has a common short name for the other ( for example , "Bob Parr" and "Robert Parr" ) one of them has just a first or last name and it matches the other raw contact . this rule is less reliable , so it only applies if the two raw contacts are also sharing some other data like a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , Helen ["elastigirl"] = Helen Parr ["elastigirl"] ) at least one of the two raw contacts is missing the name altogether and they are sharing a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , Bob Parr [incredible@android.com] = incredible@android.com ) . when comparing names , the system ignores upper/lower case differences (Bob=BOB=bob) and diacritical marks (H\xe9l\xe8ne=Helene) . when comparing two phone numbers the system ignores special characters such as "*" , "#" , "(", ")" , and whitespace . also if the only difference between two numbers is that one has a country code and the other does not , then the system considers those to be a match ( except for numbers in the japan country code ) automatic aggregation is not permanent ; any change of a constituent raw contact may create a new aggregate or break up an existing one . the article then goes on to explain the various modes that an application can assign to the raw contacts that it creates . depending on the mode , the system will either : automatically aggregate the contact as similarities are found with other contacts . where similarities no longer exist , these aggregations will be removed . never aggregate the contact with any other . perform no further aggregation on a contact , even if that contact changes such that it would be taken out of an aggregate group . aside from this automatic aggregation , applications are also allowed to manually set up aggregate contacts . in these cases , the algorithm depends on the application . finally , you may manually join contacts in the people app by editing one of a pair of contacts , and selecting Join from the overflow menu .
the second user will have to explicitly install the wanted app ( in your example : facebook ) – as otherwise all accounts ' app drawers would be cluttered with a bunch of apps not wanted by everybody , except for those who installed them . but if the app already had been installed before by another account , it will rather be a " fake install " ( i.e. . it appears as if the app would be installed anew , but it is not downloaded again from playstore , and thus does not consume " double space" ) . one side-effect to that is : whenever a user decides to update the app , that update applies to all other accounts of the device as well .
you can install facebook once and log in with different user/pwd to have different setting for different account
a couple of points for those swinging in from google . . uninstalling an app in one user account does not remove it from the other , unless you use titanium or similar , in which case it is gone . if you install an app at the play store web site , it installs into the primary user " desktop " , even if you are logged into another desktop using the exact same account on your android device . theoretically , it should quickly appear in your " my apps " list , so it is easy enough to install into the second user desktop . so if you installed an app and see no notification or icon , this is why . switch to the primary desktop and there it is !
if you have an unencrypted /sdcard ( this is usually true if you have removable sd card slot ) , you can install zip from sdcard as always . if your sdcard is encrypted , too , but you have relatively new device and software ( ice cream sandwich or newer ) , you may be able to use sideload . choose install zip from sideload option in your recovery run this command on your computer : adb sideload &lt;filename-of-update.zip&gt; then you can continue to flash the rom . ( in my case , the installation process started automatically . )
encryption is done on the /data partition ( where all app-data is stored ) . however , /sdcard is sometimes encrypted too ( if the sdcard is actually internal memory of the phone i.e. not removable ) . if the sdcard is also encrypted , then you will be unable to flash rom 's from within recovery ( recovery can not read encrypted sdcard ) .
worked for me : Setting &gt; Apps &gt; All &gt; Google play services &gt; Uninstall update and clear cache
in the " downloads " screen of the market , long click on the app that is stuck installing and you will get the option to delete or cancel ( i can not remember which option you will see but it'll be obvious ) .
my is working when i close the app when the downloading app is at 100% or it didnt start at all i open the app again and its started installing and my app is installed . it isnt a very effective way but its something . : )
i just had this problem , and somehow i got this solved . what i did : entered settings -> applications -> manage applications . selected the market app , and " uninstall updates " . after that , i entered the market app again , and i was able to reinstall the app who got stucked . ps : i am not sure if this was just a coincidence , or this procedure works always , but it worked for me . ps2: my android version is actually in portuguese language , so i am not sure the option names i referred to above are correct in english .
try to do the following : close the play store . go to settings select the apps option find the google play store , and select it select clear data then , try to download your app again .
i keep getting this , and it seems tied to my " application storage is low " message . i uninstalled several large , un-used apps , rebooted* , and the downloads downloaded . *maybe i did not reboot . check the download after uninstall and see if it is continuing . . . . since my file-browser says i am using less than 40% of available phone storage , this is a little irritating .
when you are chatting with someone , you already know that you are chatting . you can see messages as they come . you are already notified . so google talk behaves intelligently and reduces notification volume . - thats for your answer to get louder notification , the only way to fix this would be a custom rom with modified google talk app , where you can disable this feature .
google talk notifications are not always at low volume . they are loud when the chat screen is either inactive or when phone screen is locked/turned off . the only time when i see low notifications is when i am actually typing on the screen and the chat is active . i am running android 4.4 kitkat , so this might not be the case with other os versions , otherwise , the logic given in the above answer seems true . but if i receive a message in google talk while the application is not open , the notification sound is at full volume this is actually meaningful , is not it ? anyways , i have also used custom cm roms in the past , which has an app called dsp manager . setting the eq settings to a treble high gave me better ringtones and notifications volume .
the charger needs to output at least 2a to charge . while by default usb ports do not output that much , asus has a bit of software called ai charger that should let you charge off some usb ports . lifehacker reports it works on other motherboards and some android devices . however in the long run , getting the charger is a much better idea . you can use it on other devices ( like future tablets ! ) , and you are not tricking your desktop or laptop into doing something it normally does not do .
i ran into a similar situation , i just bought a usb wall charger . this way you can charge your ipod , tablet or whatever all from the same usb socket . as izzy stated in the comments , you can always just plug it into your computer as well . http://www.bestbuy.com/site/gopro---usb-wall-charger/6608113.p?id=1218767500831skuid=6608113 i would not buy one online , just go to walmart ( or your walmart equivalent ) . almost all cell phone stores carry them as well , but they sometimes charge more for them .
google play store says the pogo pins are 5v , digital audio and gnd . so i guess the middle pin is the digital audio and that the phone finds out it is connected to the dock because there is a 5v tension between 1st and 3rd pin .
someone over at androidcentral built their own charging dock . according to the post , . . . the pin closest to the bottom of the gn is the 5v and the pin closest to the power button in the gnd . it is assumed that the middle pin is for letting the phone know it is connected to the dock and launch the needed activities ( enable bluetooth , launch apps , etc . )
the app drawer is a part of the launcher app , so you can replace it simply by switching to a different launcher . just install a new launcher of your choice that works the way you like .
i have a similarly sized contact list and i have found that the voice dialer is both slow to load and slow to find responses on my moto droid ( on 2.0 , 2.1 and 2.2 ) . i stopped using the voice dialer and started using voice search ( aka . voice actions ) by saying " call jane smith mobile . " i have found voice search to open quickly and to find contacts quickly . both of those apps came preloaded on my phone and are from google . while i do not know the architecture of either app it would make sense to me that the voice dialer would be affected by the size of the contact list more directly than the voice search app .
rooting should not affect battery life , unless you have unlocked bootloader too and installed some mods/tweaks or whole custom rom . you can check the apps with root access , if they are not causing the problem .
have you flashed the phone before and do you have any new boot loaders on it ? what kind of recovery mode is it booting into ? clockworkmod ? or does samsung have its own recovery ? if possible i would suggest maybe downloading the correct rom for your handset from cyanogenmod and putting it on your sd card then try flashing that on . do a clean wipe and then set up your google account again so you have all the numbers on phone again . on my phone i have installed clockwork mod and new boot loader so i can flash the phone again if the rom ever gets broken . obviously i do not know exactly how your phone is set up so i would not be able to give exact instructions on how to do it . edit : i would suggest flashing a rom onto it from recovery if its not booting then what you have in the mobile world is probably a " brick " . dont see many other optuions to be honest . bill
usb and bt tethering are available , provided your carrier has not modified android to disable them - some carriers charge a premium for tethering . contact your carrier to find out for certain . desksms is a great remote sms app . you can view , send and receive sms from any web browser on any computer ; the app then receives the request on your phone and sends the sms from the phone itself .
the nice thing about android is that there are many geeky apps available . some of them are even open source and free . so there are many different apps for your task . here are the ones i am aware of : android remote notifier project page - play store forwards and send text messages via bluetooth gtalksms project page forward and send text messages via xmpp other can be found in the related questions on android enthusiasts : how do i send sms from pc through android phone or to android phone ? how can i be informed through my computer if a new sms is received ?
you need windroid htc one x toolkit htc one x ( at least 50% charge ) windows xp - 8.1 usb cable read this xda thread this can help you . .
do not panic . try this : on your computer , browse your rom . zip file , there should be a file named boot.img at top level . extract it somewhere on your computer . plug your phone into your computer via usb cable . boot your phone into bootloader mode . ( power + volume down button for 5 seconds . ) at bootloader screen your phone should say FASTBOOT USB . assuming you know where your fastboot.exe is on your computer , issue this command in cmd: path/to/your/fastboot.exe flash boot path/to/your/boot.img after that restart your phone and see if it can boot into your rom : fastboot reboot
i have gone to the store where i have bought the pad and they change for other so that the one with the problems can go to the de asus support for changing the graphics chipset .
as your computer is running windows , you need to install the appropriate device driver first . most manufacturers offer one for download on their resp . websites , specifically tailored for the device in question ; but that would also mean you had need multiple drivers if you had multiple devices . a good solution reported to work fine with multiple different devices , and also supporting windows 8 fine , is koushik dutta 's universal adb driver . this would hence free you from the hazzle of possible driver conflicts , if you one day decide to use a different/additional device .
you can check whether your device is affected using e.g. bluebox security scanner . to close the vulnerability , your device needs root access . if that pre-condition is given , there are different fixes available , e.g. master key dual fix ( a module for the xposed-framework ) master-key security patch ( again a module for xposed ) rekey ( a stand-alone app )
it is impossible , because fs has huge corruptions at different places . you can to use file repare utilities to try repare some data , but mostly it is broken by write to fs at the same moment , as dump process .
yes , but you may need to flash a custom rom , i think that google chrome requires ics or better , but i am not sure , it may be specifically unavailable to your device or your devices stock firmware . if you would like a custom rom , then you will need to start by rooting your phone .
yes . according to the guide here on sideloading apps onto your kindle fire hd it should work fine . you will need to allow the installation of apps from unknown sources which can be done in the device menu . note that for certain apps , including chrome , that need a google account you will need to download and install the google framework and to reboot your device . i will provide a quick summary of the link that explains side loading : the first thing you need to do is install a file manager app . i personally use file expert , but you can use whatever works for you . next you need to get the app file . you can find it by searching on google : ( app name ) apk . so in this case you would search ' chrome apk ' , there is plenty of links from that . once you have those , navigate to the downloads folder with the file manager , and tap the . apk file . click install , and you are set ! you can find the app in apps> device , it will not be in cloud .
you should configure smtp authentication ( login and password ) when sending outgoing mail .
i think that the ip in question is the ip of your mobile device or the nat router that your carrier uses . de-listing will not help here and would in fact just be counter-productive . anyway , if you use smtp with authentication you should never see this message with an smtp server that is configured proper . assuming that anonymous smtp is not practicable or even possible with android devices , there is nothing you can do .
there are some ways to pin down your problem . the easiest way should be reading out the last_kmsg which is normally stored under /proc/last_kmsg . the kernel logs everything in there and it can be read until the next reboot . so reading last_kmsg always shows things that happened before the device rebooted the last time . another way would be using " adb logcat " or - more comfortable - the app catlog which can record your logcat into a . txt file on the sd-card . be advised that logcat is not the same as a kernel message but it also includes messages from user space apps and ui stuff . if i am allowed to make a wild guess , i would say that it is the rom 's fault ( e . g . undervolting or something else going wrong ) . best regards !
you have to turn off the keyboard trace . unfortunately through a very poor design , you can not have trace without the autocomplete .
if using the stock keyboard : Settings &gt; Language &amp; Keyboard &gt; HTC Sense Input &gt; Advanced &gt; Word prediction . uncheck the box .
galaxy nexus goes by variants such as yakju , yakjuxw , and takju . however yakju and takju will receive updates directly from google . while the rest will be receiving from samsung or probably network provider . the difference between yakju and takju is that takju has google wallet while yakju does not . takju can only be purchased from play store . i assume the one being sold directly from google in the uk is the same one offered at play store which runs takju while the one on amazon runs yakju . in term of phone hardware they are exactly the same .
the problem was with the selection mode . apparently mtp does not work too well with ubuntu . when i switched to ptp the usb debugging started working .
that does not exist on your device . it does not on my vibrant either , though i can get somewhat similar info via cat /proc/partitions .
it looks like it is google 's pinyin ime . the icon has since changed to use squares instead of circles , but you can still see that it is generally the same , and you can find examples of the old round icon on the internet still . it is still on the page for google 's windows variant , in fact : google must evidently ship this in their vanilla android builds for nexus devices , which would explain why it cannot be uninstalled . this seems to be verified by various sites around the web ( one , two , three ) .
i have a targus bluetooth keypad that i can connect to my tablet/phone and use it as a number pad . it has a num lock switch so it can also be used to input up/down/right/left and pageup/pagedown . it however depends on your device if your onscreen keyboard vanishes when you connect to a bluetooth device or not ( my ics cyanogenmod9 does hide the onscreen keyboard ) . price is ok , i got that for around 15euro . not sure how the availability is at your place . just search amazon , et al . but be sure you get a bluetooth model and not one with a usb wireless adapter ( like most logitech accessory ) . ps : the media keys also work nicely .
you have not mentioned you vizio table version , but assuming that it is vizio 8 ( vtab1008 ) , i have contacted their support team , through the live chat : conversation log : evan : thank you for contacting vizio live chat , the home of entertainment freedom for all . this is evan in south dakota . have you ever contacted us before ? salustiano silva : nope ! evan : to better assist you , i would like to get you registered for technical support so i can log this case . could i start off by first getting your full address including city , state and zip code ( physical address , not po box ) , and then could you give me your serial number , date of purchase , purchase location , and price please ? salustiano silva : i do not know if my message was clear , but the vtab1008 is not mine , i am just trying to help out be asking you is such device support any sort of usb keypad devices . . . evan : there is a wireless android based keyboard that walmart carries salustiano silva : nice , a light at the end of the tunnel , can you point me in the right direction ? salustiano silva : i mean , there is many there . . . do not know the right one that actually works with the vtab1008 ! evan : let me check on this for you . salustiano silva : thank you very much ! evan : you are welcome evan : logitech bluetooth tablet keyboard for android model#: 920-003390 salustiano silva : checking it now . . . as per a more technical issue , using the wireless keyboard , the on-screen keyboard does not appear right ? also , ussing arrow keys , we can scroll what is on-screen , am i correct ? evan : that is correct . salustiano silva : thank you for your help ! i will go along and pass the message . evan : is there anything else that i can assist you with today ? salustiano silva : believe not ! if this works , its all good : ) tks ! evan : thank you for contacting vizio chat support ! if you need our assistance again in the future you can contact us by chat , email , and phone service . that information is found on http://www.vizio.com . case number is 2293020 . have a great day ! evan has disconnected . the product recommended is the logitech bluetooth tablet keyboard for android : can be found at : amazon - logitech tablet keyboard for android 3.0+ ( 920-003390 ) walmart - logitech bluetooth tablet keyboard for android reviews : android central | bluetooth keyboard review : logitech keyboard for android 3.0 tablets androidguys | logitech bluetooth keyboard for android 3.0+ - review as per the chat i am told that : the arrow keys can be used to scroll documents , web pages , etc ; the suggested wireless keyboard replaces the on-screen keyboard , thus allowing you to work with it on all the necessary input actions . i hope this helps you out !
what you are looking for is an overlay with buttons to do the job , from what i can find here , is this , over on xda . button key saviour . ( one caveat emptor - you need root - but that is xda for you ) if this does not do the job for you - please do let me know and i can program up an app that will show the page up/page down keys . so feel free to contact me anytime : ) edit : i have amended this answer to include the github linky to the source .
some keyboards like swiftkey have the option to place arrow keys on the keyboard , which will then allow for scrolling on web pages and such . they also have a free one month trial if you want to try it before you spend money : )
that is the " recent apps " button . it is alternative of long-press physical home button . if you tap this , a scrollable screen appears containing thumbnails of suspended or closed recent apps . you can tap thumbnails to switch to apps or swipe it to discard .
i was able to copy the data by first rooting the phone . after routing , i can boot up the phone in recovery mode , connect via adb shell , and use cat /dev/mmcblk0 / cat /dev/block/stl10 to get the interesting data from the phone .
you can block pop ups for all sites in the chrome setting however i still get those spammy pop ups even after blocking pop ups for all sites in chrome beta . . all those pop ups you get saying that " your device has virus " or " your device is running slow " are absolutely spam . those have no relation with your device . their main motto is to mislead audience and make them install malicious apps that can compromise the security of device . . but if you need some good security you can find plenty of them on the play store . you can go for 360mobile security which has a great detection rate and is free to download . or you can go for lookout that has a good anti-theft feature that is also free .
i can assure you there is no virus in your device . those pop-ups will just lead you to any application and games sites , dating sites , etc . internal pop-blocker of chrome will not help you in this case . i would advice normal browsers like uc browser mini and opera mini to get rid of the pop-ups . try them and you will see the difference .
the prime uses a proprietary cable , but it supports a usb connection to a computer via that cable ( which you can see in this image from engadget which i posted in another question ) . the fact that the connector is not a micro usb port has no bearing on whether or not you can connect over usb ( see : every samsung tablet ) .
hoping that it is the same radio station and i did not took a wrong stream url . . . aac stream : http://icecastsource2.amri.ca/cjab-aac mp3 stream : http://icecastsource2.amri.ca/cjab-mp3 i tested this in vlc and it worked .
try enabling airplane mode . it will shut down all the radios on your device - cell , wifi , bluetooth . then try explicitly turning the wifi back on . not all devices support this - driver issues , i think - but in many you will wind up with the cell radio disabled and the wifi on .
if you have no reason to why the wifi drops , you might try changing the wifi sleep policy . the wifi sleep policy handles when or if the wifi connection shall switch to mobile data . if this option is set to the default value , when screen turns off , wifi connection automatically switches off when the phone has been idle for a while . you can try setting this to never , which will keep the connection on , even when the phone is not used . to change this setting , navigate to settings -> wireless and networks -> wi-fi settings -> [ menu ] -> advanced -> wi-fi sleep policy .
turn off mobile data usage . go to Settings-> Wireless and networks-> Mobile network ( you should uncheck this ) . some manufacturers may have a widget for this , such as htc did for my incredible ( v1 ) .
the steps below will walk you through clearing the partition on your device . this process will not delete any information from your device . 1 . power up the phone by pressing the vol up + vol down key together + power key . 2 . the device will enumerate with different boot options 3 . use the vol down key to scroll and vol up key to select 4 . select recovery 5 . the device will start up , now power up to a little android man logo with exclamation mark 6 . press the vol up and vol down key together at this screen 7 . the device will display blue text on a black background . use the vol down key to scroll down and the power key to select the option desired . in this case , press the vol down key till the cache partition wipe is selected and press the power key to confirm the selection . use the vol down key again to select yes - delete all user data and press the power key to confirm . the device will then start performing the partition wipe once the formatting is complete , press the power key to confirm a reboot the message rebooting is displayed on the phone . the device will reboot and start the normal power up sequence .
may be it got stuck in boot loop . you can recover your phone . search the internet , preferably xda forum , for your phone model . they will surely help you .
there is no setting to do this . it would appear there is also no supported method for a keyboard developer to set where their keyboard is drawn ( see keyboardview on android . com ) .
no , the data should not pass through google servers unless you are viewing a site hosted by goolge .
actually the predictive search from the address bar sends the text you enter to google to provide the search predictions . for example , if you start to type " search " and get to " sea " it suggests " sears " , " seattle times " , " sean parker " etc . . .
solved : the android system is likely connected to the headset for phone calls , and some other device for a2dp ( media ) . some other device is still using the audio connection , even though the sound comes from android 's speaker ! what this means is that if you have any other a2dp devices that you have paired your android with ( laptop/stereo/etc ) then you will have to disconnect via the other device , not android . however under android 's " paired devices " list ( see image ) , the other device is not always listed as connected , even though it is ! if you manually try to un-check the " media audio " profile for the other device , it will not disconnect ! you must manually disconnect the other device outside of android . for example : if the other device is a laptop , you must disconnect the audio connection using the laptop . if the other device has no way to manually disconnect ( no buttons ) , just turn it off and use your android to connect to the correct device .
i do not know anything about this phone , but this thread on xda has dump of the stock rom . i am not sure if it includes the boot . img or not . the dump seems to be android 1.6 , the original thread is here and is huge . there is also a 2.2 thread here and it does look like the zio has its own section on xda as well . in the development section , i found this thread . it has the boot . img , but someone posted saying they were unable to use them . i would suggest sending a pm to the person that pulled the boot . img off the device in that thread . i hope this helps you in some way . . . i know what it is like to brick a phone , good luck .
it is up to the app ( developer ) to set when the notification is dismissed ( automatically when you touch it , or at some other time ) , so it sounds like the difference here is not between the two android versions , but between the calendar app you were using on your old phone , and the one on your new phone . because it is up to the app , it means you just need to find a calendar app where the event notifications behave the way you want ( or where there is an option to control it ) .
ok , so i had a look at this thread and , as it suggests , i took the microsd out and put it back in again . now it works as before . smells like a bug to me ?
you could try this app : buttonremapper ( xda thread ) it takes a little reading to figure out how to properly configure this to your needs but once it is done it should solve your problem .
you could flash an incorrect baseband into the phone . it will knock out the phone radio part completely until a correct baseband is flashed . at least this is true on my verizon droid ( sholes ) .
why do not you simply remove the sim module from that phone ? android can work well without sim . the only thing that you miss is the ability to protect the market ( or any other apps ) with a password . one of the following apps could help you achieve the desired result : protector smart app protector
re : 1,2,3 removing sim card is the safest option , but you could try enabling modified airplane mode in the system settings : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/provider/settings.system.html in adb shell you could try : re . 4 have you tried apps like https://market.android.com/details?id=com.vlobe.smartappcloud.android.parentalcontrol you could also remove the market app completely and only install apks via adb .
google voice is responsible for these ; they are sent by default . see in the settings : you can uncheck this box and google voice will refrain from sending you sms transcripts of your voicemails from then on . also note , unchecking the box above titled Email the message to: only prevents email transcripts , not sms ones .
have you installed usb otg helper just recently ? did it " coincide " with windows refusing to recognize your device ? if so - that is your answer . go ahead and disable the application . and do not re-enable it until you actually need it . and then disable it again when you want to connect back to your pc .
as the question already is answered with the line of comments to it , i will take the freedom to sum up the details to make them easier to find : what is dban ? my first point was that i never heard of dban before , so i had to look it up . luckily , my first hit was wikipedia ( which article i linked here ) , and it answered this question quite compactly : the program is designed to securely erase a hard disk until data is permanently removed and no longer recoverable , which is achieved by overwriting the data with pseudorandom numbers generated by mersenne twister or isaac . so we are not talking about some " remote attack " destroying your device , but a willful wiping of the " drives " . what could dban wipe on an android device ? this question was answered by eldarerathis and gathrawn in the comments : unless there is an android version of dban which can be executed directly on the device , dban is limited to the sd-card and internal storage ( the storage devices offered to the computer via ums ) . it cannot access e.g. the /system partition for two reasons : 1 ) it is not made available via ums , and 2 ) it is mounted read-only ( unless the device is rooted , and you explicitely mounted it read-write -- which cannot be done without rooting ) . similar reason ( not made available via ums ) applies to all other partitions . so what about restoring the android system ? nothing . no need for this . as described in the previous section , dban at maximum can access two of the data partitions . but it cannot access /system ( where the android system resides ) , /boot ( where android is bootet from ) , or even /data ( where your apps and their data reside ) . since nothing is lost from the android system itself -- there simply is nothing to restore , it is all still there .
a quick bit of experimentation shows that they will be able to view your cached gmail , but will not be able to download new mail .
i think you are asking about an application which supports this function . there are so many apps in play store . my favourite is shareit developed by lenovo . you can tap on similar button in store to see related apps .
UnifiedEmail is a library shared by both email and gmail applications . " email " here being the aosp email client . an example would be enter subject in an email and here is an example of someone importing that functionality into a project . this is the actual wording of the readme , which to be honest , is not the most helpful ( hightlighting my own ) . it is ambiguous ( to me at least ) whether it is an actual application you install with a shortcut , as the manifest appears not to add it to the launcher , i can only assume it is for testing , not to be used as an actual app in the traditional sense . this is a temporary directory that is being used to enable email and gmail content to be shown in the unifiedemail application this code should only be used for development . for shipping , this code ( or something similar ) should go in the gmail/email overlay of unifiedemail . but for now , this allows us to use a single application to test multiple content sources this code is just a shim to register existing accounts ( gmail and email ) from the device with the accountcacheprovider . all subsequent uris will actually be handled by the appropriate application .
any recovery , be it clockworkmod or twrp , or others , must be specifically created for each device ( or sometimes device family , if their hardware is similar enough ) separately . picking a random device off a list in rom manager will not work , and may even damage your phone . quick google , xda , and rootzwiki searches do not bring up any relevant hits for " innos a35" at all , so it is safe to assume that this device is not supported by any well-known recovery makers . this may be because the device is too new , or there simply is not enough interest in it from the android developer community .
you need to remount the system partition as read-write , it is read-only by default . mount -o remount,rw /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system 
i highly recommend checking out qtadb . it is a very useful program with a file manager ; you can just drag and drop across . if you have an apk on your local machine , you can install it right in the file manager . plus there is an adb shell built in , an app list with back up options , and a ton of other stuff . i would say this is a must-have for an android developer . it is just extremely useful . i hope that helps you out .
if you are usually home at 7pm , you could make it conditional on the presence of your home wifi network ( using " wifi near" ) or a cell tower near you ( using " cell near" ) ; if you use a dock at home , you could make it only fire when docked instead . you could also make it dependent on a calendar and just set the dates for your trip now .
there is a locale plugin ( that you can use in tasker ) that might handle your needs . and here is another plugin for locale .
try this : profile context triggers on set variable cellid with task check if roam matches off . set a variable roaming accordingly . now you can have other profiles use the roaming variable to change settings like calls to accept or limiting data . tasker may not update cellid instantly so you nasty be roaming a little while before it fires . maybe a minute . try and let me know . here is an export :
each slot refers to a specific clock speed that your phone 's kernel allows ( in your case , 400mhz to 1.1 ghz ) . therefore , these clock speeds can vary between different kernels ( different values or even more slots ) . in the case of the droid x or droid 2 , you are stuck with the stock kernel due to the locked bootloader . i am more familiar with using setcpu . setcpu lets you manually choose which clock speeds you want your phone to run at . you choose a min clock speed , a max clock speed , and how you want it to scale ( ondemand , performance , etc . ) . you can also setup profiles with setcpu that allows your phone to run at certain clock speeds under certain conditions . for example , you would want to lower you clock speed when the phone 's screen is turned off . you may also want to lower the clock speed when your battery is below a certain battery % to try and pro long battery life as long as possible . if you are wanting to conserve more power , set the clock min and max clock speeds low . if you are wanting better performance , then set them higher . on my phone ( droid 1 ) , i use an undervolted kernel and typically run at a 250mhz min , 600 mhz max clock speed to conserve battery . if my answer does not fully answer your questions , leave a comment and i will try to help you further .
black is the default plot color for android , so this is the placeholder until the app completes it is layout operation . there are a number of things that can cause an app to have a delay here : performing a network call ( s ) . loading data from disk . garbage collection from other tasks . restoring a complex drawing . you can check to see if it is related to network latency by putting your phone in airplane mode and opening the app . if the app pops right up , the long delay is likely due to a network call that takes a while to complete ( and completes immediately as an error when there is no connection ) . the other three are trickier to test for . if it is garbage collection , you will likely only see the delay when other apps have been recently running and then switching immediately the misbehaving app . you can completely uninstall an app , including user data , and then re-install to see if it has something to do with your personal settings .
the black screen is probably related to ' lag ' . this lag can be caused by a number of things . on the samsung galaxy s its a ' known ' problem that the memory used for main storage is pretty slow . especially when another app is writing a lot of data ( mostly big downloads and marketplace updates ) when i am updating applications or creating a lot of data traffic i generally just do not use my device for anything while those apps are busy , this should help you too prevent the ' black screen of lag ' on your device .
i have seen this before , it seems to be when the application is loading or switching back into the foreground while the os is busy doing something else . seems more likely to occur when in the middle of a sync or while happening to receive a text message or some other notification causing event .
no , not all apps have demo or trail versions . though amazon 's android app store has an on-line emulator that lets you try out thousands of different apps in your browser before purchasing .
you get 15 minutes trial of all paid apps listed in play store . its google 's policy to refund money if you are not satisfied but you will have to claim refund within 15 minutes . after purchasing an app , just look for Refund button on app page in play store app .
android has different ways for apps to give you information or get your attention , and they all have different names . app developers need to know the differences , and when to use each one , so they can code the correct behaviour in their apps . even as an end user , if you want to troubleshoot a problem , find which app is giving you messages , or describe some behaviour ( for example , when reporting a bug to a developer ) , it saves you time and confusion if you can call each thing by its correct name . notifications notifications are the most common feedback mechanism on android . they look like icons in the top-left of the screen ( the notification bar ) . on honeycomb and ics tablets , they instead show up in the system bar , in the bottom-right next to the clock . in jellybean and above , once you have expanded the notification drawer ( like in the screenshot ) , you can long-tap a notification to get a menu with one item , app info . clicking this item tells you which app is responsible for the notification . you can also stop this app showing any further notifications from that screen . some apps create notifications to advertise things at you . this is now ( since september 2013 ) banned under google play 's rules , so you should report as malicious any apps that do this , from the app 's page in the play store app . often your phone will play a sound or will vibrate with a notification , but not always : it is up to the app which created it . toasts a toast is a small message that shows up in its own box near the bottom of the screen , and disappears on its own after a few seconds . it is usually a response to an action you have just performed , but in fact a toast can come from any app , not just the one in the foreground . a toast can not interact with you ( you can not click on it or type into it ) , so there is no need to worry about it " stealing focus " like on a pc . there is no indication of which app created the toast . dialogs a window that appears , with buttons you can click or a list of options to choose from , is called a dialog box , or dialog for short . ( it is spelt the american way even in british english . ) they almost always relate to the foreground app . strictly speaking , from a developer 's point of view a " dialog " is any non-fullscreen activity window , but they are usually used for simple confirmations or choices , like in the screenshot . interstitials in the marketing world , an interstitial is a page or screen that comes in between two others . they are commonly used to show large-format ads in ad-supported apps and games : you click a button in the app , and an interstitial shows for a few seconds before you get to the next screen . summary next time you want to discuss or troubleshoot some kind of message that pops up on the screen , you will know what to call it , and you can make it easier for others to help you .
you are basically having a " no permissions " error , where your pc 's adb is not able to identify the device that you are connecting . as you said , you have a htc explorer , which i do too , with kitkat ; ) so here 's how you had be fixing this " no permissions " error : first , you had need to create ( if inexistent ) , the 51-android.rules file . since you have a htc device , we will just be adding the " rules " for a htc device , so that your adb can identify your device correctly . first , obtain superuser permissions using : sudo su  and type in your password . note that you can not see the password being typed , but its still being typed . then , create the file , if not exists , using the following command : touch /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules  this basically creates a 51-android . rules file in the appropriate place , if it does not exist . now , for adding the rules , we will just append some text to the file , a correct config , which can be done using the following command : echo "SUBSYSTEM==\"usb\", ATTR{idVendor}==\"0bb4\", MODE=\"0666\", GROUP=\"plugdev\"" &gt;&gt; /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules  this basically appends the following text , to the 51-android . rules file . SUBSYSTEM=="usb", ATTR{idVendor}=="0bb4", MODE="0666", GROUP="plugdev"  what the above text is , is the appropriate permissions for a htc device . now , disconnect your device , kill your adb-server , if running , using adb kill-server  and , reconnect device . now , try running the following command , to see if your device 's actually connected : ) adb devices  you should see an output similar to : List of devices attached XXXXXXXXXXXX device  hope this helps : ) p.s. in case you are searching for rules for other android devices , this link at source . android . com might help : initializing a build environment . look for the " configuring usb access " section : ) also note : a better option would be to install the " android-tools-adb " and " android-tools-fastboot " packages available in the ubuntu repositories . this can be done using the following commands : sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb android-tools-fastboot 
this is normal if you are using a cdma carrier , such as verizon or sprint . gsm carriers like at and t and t-mobile can allow simultaneous voice and data , but cdma cannot . this is supposed to change with lte devices , although last a checked it was not working with all of them on verizon . if you have a cdma 3g only device it will not work . i am not positive but i think even with an lte device on verizon that supports simultaneous voice and data it still will not work if you are out of lte coverage area . i used to work for verizon until a few months ago and this seemed to be the case .
if you are rooted and have a custom rom , you can try this . basically mounts your external sd card as the internal sd card , and the internal as the external .
android lets you backup settings and data for installed apps , but does not have a straightforward way to sync the actual installation of them . if you prefer not to manually search/install each app from the device itself ( it gets really tedious ) you can do what i do : 1 ) go to https://play.google.com/apps to view the apps which are already installed on one device . select the app you want to transfer over to view it is details page . 2 ) if the app is compatible with both devices ( most probably will be but not all ) click the button that says installed . 3 ) select the other device where you want to install it and click install . you will still have to repeat this for each app you want to carry across , but i have found it to be much easier to do it with a mouse in a web browser than searching/installing
i am not sure about doing this on a mac , but if you have a windows pc , preferably a windows 7 , try the following:- connect your phone via usb to the pc with the sd card . turn on file sharing . go to my computer , find your sd card " drive " , right click > properties . go to tools tab , under " error checking " , click on " check now " . any sd card related file system errors should get automatically fixed .
you can solve this issue either from the android side or from the windows side : from the android side tap your device " menu " button , and select " settings" ; tap " wireless and networks" ; tap " wi-fi settings" ; tap your device " menu " to bring up extra options and select " advanced" ; tap " use static ip" ; fill in your local network static ip details and dns server details ; tap your device " menu " to bring up extra options and select " save " . from the windows side open the dns management ; add a new forward lookup zone for the google dns and set a host a record to your local ip .
this is really a continuation of @zuul 's answer , to cover the dns settings in android 4.0+ ( ics ) , which is a little harder to find imo . afaik zuul 's answer covers android &lt ; 2.3 settings . from the android side ( android 4.0+ ics ) settings wifi ( click on word " wifi " , not on/off switch ) press and hold ( long tap ) your wireless network until dialog pops up select " modify network " check " show advanced options " checkbox at the bottom switch " ip settings " to " static " fill in your local network static ip details and dns server details tap " save " ( whoever made long-taps a standard interface feature is a dummy ! )
well okay instead of using recovery , i just followed the command line instructions in the rom zip file which goes as and the new system was installed suprisingly .
just followed step 3 from this link . this help to recover my xperia p .
as you described the app icons are placed at the end of the list , the most likely reason lies in the order of things done during the boot process : the sdcard is mounted after the system broadcasts its BOOT_COMPLETED event , so apps moved to the card become visible later than those installed on device storage . with a little unlucky timing , the app drawer is already initialized before mounting of the sdcard is completed , so those apps are added afterwards , and thus to the end of the list ( as it , btw , is probably done as well with apps you install ) . there are multiple solutions to this : of course , you can move those sdcard-installed apps back to device storage , but that is not always an option ( especially with only little device storage available on some devices ) . alternatively , you could simply check a different launcher , as not all launchers behave the way described . many launchers i have tried automatically sort the app drawer , so even when i have just installed a new app it appears normally in alphabetical order .
no . however , you can use an app like widgetsoid and then create a custom widget which when pressed will toggle a number of options like brightness , wifi , bluetooth , 2g/3g and of course mobile data . this will happen without any confirmation dialog popping up .
you might be able to get a replacement battery . that is much cheaper than buying a new smartphone . try here : http://www.shopandroid.com/device-selector-lg.htm
was your phone rooted ? i do not think whatever the problem was you are going to be able to get the app 's data back . you can re-download them , but that is all , i think .
are you sure you had your apps in internal memory not memory card ? go to setting -> storage option and check if there is any space allocated for apps . if no space then your phone must have been formatted
you can access a memory stick via otg cable if your phone supports it . see compro1 's answer to check if your phone supports otg ; you may need to specify the correct code / model in the usb host diagnostics site . in case your phone supports otg but does not support it directly , check out my answer which involves using usb otg helper . as to your last question , yes . you can watch videos from the memory stick .
as noted in the comments - this is just the launcher you are running . there are many different launchers you can try which may look slightly or completely different . some good launchers to try are : chameleon go launcher nova launcher tsf shell
essentially , you can not . this feature was removed from the 4.0 version of google talk , and is discussed somewhat in the android police review of the changes from 2.3 to 4.0 . there is no setting that will bring back the icons . however , when you have a chat open with someone ( provided that they do not have a custom status message set ) it will inform you at the top if they are on a mobile device : my hunch would be that google does not really want you to care about this when you are on your phone . they want the google talk app to be as seamless and integrated as possible , and they want you to use it regardless of what device the other person happens to be connected with at the time .
check what input methods your device has by following the screen shots- you should be able to see all installed keyboards by following the guide , and select the one which suits you . or if you do not have much options there , install a new keyboard input method from market or install swype beta by registering here .
you could use other app stores like amazon app store or getjar , but you would also need accounts on those . you can side-load apps via downloading apk files on pc and then installing them from your sd card . just try opening the apk files with a file manager like es file explorer or astro file manager which would give a option to open it with package manager or install . but i assume from your question that you do not want to enable installation of non-market apps , then you do not get much choice . even amazon app store requires that feature enabled .
use adb to install the applications . install the adnroid sdk ( https://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html ) . enable usb debugging in settings> applications> development . this process can be done even without enabling side-loading of apps . open a command prompt window and type : adb install app_name.apk 
you are absolutely correct with your assumption a factory-reset will delete all your apps and data ( as you also can find in the factory-reset tag-wiki ) . if you want to backup your contacts and sms , i am afraid there is no native way . while the contacts you could sync with google , the same cannot be said for sms . but if you take a look at google play , searching for the string " sms backup " you will find a lot of helpful apps . depending on your preferences , they can backup to your gmail account , or do it locally . putting both things together , a good choice seems to be super backup : sms and contacts , which cares for both and can save the backup to either gmail or your sdcard . and of course it has a restore function as well . btw : on most devices , you easily can backup your contacts with the native contacts app . it supports export to/import from vcard ( .vcf ) files ( just open its menu from its main screen ) . no cloud involved . so you had only need to check for something similar for your sms , if you are concerned about privacy and want to avoid having them in the cloud .
i had the same problem in my motorola moto g . try going to configuration -> apps , then touch the menu button at the right top and select " reset apps configuration " . this solved my problem . i hope this help ! .
this can be dependant on the app itself being compatible with your version of android , or the phone itself . without more information , this is a hard question to answer . i have heard that whatsapp doesnt like android 4.4 ( kitkat ) just yet , or it could be a simple problem with the app that the developer has not fixed yet . if all else fails , give it time for the devs to fix the app , make sure settings on your phone allow it the app to work right , or just try reinstalling the app and restarting your phone .
after some tests . . i realized that a temporary solution could be remove the google play music application updates .
you need to install a third party music player that will allow to send audio files through whatsapp . one such application is android music player by jrt studio .
aha ! ok i am no where near a cellular expert but based on a wild guess i searched for carrier apns and found here a list of apns per carrier per country . i guess these are always required but somehow cyanogenmod is not configured to determine these codes automatically . while this may help others facing the same problem , i hope someone with real insight shares the knowledge
i answered a similar question the other day - basically you are referring to side loading which most developers do not actively support , but if you email them and ask for an apk , i suspect most will be cool with it .
i also have a kindle fire and i install non-amazon apps all the time . you can download free apps , including trello from aptoide : it is a market like google play but it works on kindle fire . it has almost every free app you can find in google play .
aptoide says to install applications from aptoide you need to install aptoide client to your phone . do not seem to have a way - that i can see - to download it to kindle . only then can you download trello . this guy on youtube has a video for sideloading android apps on kindle fire without needing /using apk . actually quite simple . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5gcmcmppd8
it looks like the developers were thinking about putting this app on the amazon app store back in august but have not actually done it yet . in the meantime there is an unofficial trello client available on the amazon store , called " hojoki " . or the web interface should also work .
i do not know why should this happen , but i guess it is a problem with your dial-launcher . you can try some other apps with dialing function , and see if the problem still exists . i need further information to help you . : )
at android 2.3.3 you have to slide up/down the bar trying to move out of the screen . if you update the phone to android 2.3.5 given by htc the lock screen changes to were you have to move the green/red phone in the down grey ring , which may solve your problem .
you are correct . the external storage directory is classed as an ' external sdcard ' . anything with sdcard in the title is not wiped during a factory reset . when you go to factory reset , you will be given the option to wipe your sdcard as well as the internal storage data directory .
i have been using the touchdown client for the past month and have been very pleased with how will it works with our exchange server . not free , but worth a look imho .
i really like enhanced email . it is a paid app ( though i got it free from one of the amazon app of the day promotions ) , and i have used it as my main client for over a year . i really like all the options and customizations you can set , and it syncs with exchange as well as standard pop and imap protocols .
here are 4 free options . . . 1 ) the pindroid app : it is a port from deliciousdroid and was just added to the market yesterday . it looks pretty sweet . here 's some screenshots . 2 ) save the pinboard . in bookmarklet as a bookmark : ( this is still my favorite option ) this works particularly well in dolphin browser hd ( but it'll also work in other browswers ) . just create new bookmark , name it pinboard share and paste the above text in as the location . when you are on a site you want to save , slide open the bookmarks toolbar and click your pinboard share and it'll bring up the popup share window with the url and title already filled in . personally , i like saving it as a gesture in dolphin to make it even easier . if you do not want to have to enter anything in , here 's the code for the " read later " pinboard bookmarklet that'll just save the url automatically to your " read later " list without prompting you to enter tags , or a description . i find this easy to do in a hurry then go back an organize later on my pc : 3 ) download bookmarklet free go to " custom services " and add your own . name it pinboard or whatever you want . in the " base url " field enter http://pinboard.in/add? then in the " title parameter " field enter title and in the " url parameter " field enter url . now when you choose to " share " from your browser , you will have all the regular options like email , twitter and any of the options you chose in bookmarklet free , including your new pinboard bookmarklet . ( note : it actually took a little while for the name to take for me , it was listed as " my service " for a while in my share menu . ) 4 ) post by email with your formatted pinboard email you can choose the share option on any page and email to to our pinboard account . the instructions to do this are on the pinboard how-to section . i prefer the first option i shared but this is a decent last resort .
save to pinboard .
i took a chance and bought a 32 gb card , class 4 . it works . i believe it is a zap or something . this post suggests 32 gb cards work . i would rather someone on this site said so though .
acording to the specs here gsm arena : sony ericsson xperia x10 the x10 can take up to a 32gb microsd card .
system apps are always installed in /system but when system apps get updates , they are downloaded to /data as an update to the /system app . if you download an app from the market that its already installed in /system , it will upgrade the one you already have , but it will not install it as a duplicate . in your specific case , if you find an updated version of adw launcher in the market and you download it , you will be able to use the updated version of adw launcher if its the same app as the one in /system . if cyanogenmod has a modified adw launcher on /system and you install the original in the market , you might end with two different launchers ( i have not tested this part , so i do not really know if it will be an update or another app the one it installs ) .
if its totally un responsive then you need verify once your harware whether its an exact replacement or not as htc wildfire s digitizer comes in two variants with chip without chip so match it with old damaged one and if they are same then the hardware will be faulty and you will need one more replacement .
finally managed to fix this problem . seems like performing the calibration with the use of a goldcard solved it . i will leave the link to the instruction here for anyone who may have the same issue . please leave a message if you encounter any problems when going through the instructions provided in the link above .
try using " unlockroot " software it roots and also unroots easily probably any phone i think
there is a post on droid x forums that links to this video that provides a seemingly simpler way to root your droid x with 4.5.621 . see those pages for downloads !
most tablets that comes with the Bluetooth share app installed , and have a bluetooth option in settings , while not having a built-in bluetooth , typically indicates support for such dongles . i have used generic android tv box ( cdr-king brand ) with no bluetooth built-in but has a menu for it . plugging a bluetooth dongle to a usb port activated it . based on this , your tablet 's rom does not support bluetooth . my advice is to root it , and flash a custom rom with bluetooth support if applicable .
i would recommend another way of fetching rss feeds to your cell phone : synchronize news reader to your google account ( to read news from google reader - it should be available there ) from your ' big ' computer add this url ( stackexchange-url to your subscription in google reader . you should see news from android . se in your news reader after its next sync with google reader .
you may have already done all this but i will detail the steps i just took to add this to my htc evo . it worked so maybe there is something different i am doing . first off i have never used the news app before . opened the news app deleted all default feeds clicked " add feed " clicked " add from url " entered in the url you have above clicked " done " feed appeared with 30 unread . then to see if maybe you had typed the url incorrectly on your device , i entered almost the exact same url with one letter off and i got a warning that the feed was incorrect . so since you did not mention this i am guessing thats not your issue . if none of this helped - can you add any other feeds or its just the android . stackexchange feed that is not working ?
if you look at your manage your kindle page on amazon ( the same page where you set the email address up ) you can see that the kindle email address is specifically assigned to one kindle device . if you had more than one kindle device , then you can assign different email addresses to each . the upside of this for kindle owners is that you and other family members can both have kindle 's on the same account ( and thus share books ) but you can avoid bombarding anyone else with your documents ( if you did want to send to both at the same time , you just list both addresses in the " to " box when you send the email ) . the fact that amazon do not allow you to set up an email address for any non-kindle device ( and i have the kindle app installed on my laptop as well as my phone ) suggests to me that they are keeping the conversion service as a " value-add " incentive for people who've bought a kindle device . it is also worth bearing in mind that the conversion process will use some of their computing resources and cost them ( albeit a tiny amount compared to the rest of their business ) this could be the reason that it is only open to paying customers .
there is a folder on your sd card called kindle . just move the book there . if you are having trouble downloading it , try dropbox . worked for me .
or you could use calibre from calibre-ebook . com tho convert your .mobi files to .epub files ( it does .epub to .mobi as well ) either singly or en mass , so you can read your books on all devices . hope this helps .
it currently does not sync outside content with your phone , no pdfs , txts , emails . . . only kindle books you get from amazon . i have tried to manually load pdfs with no luck . i believe the functionality is planned but not yet implemented .
it seems somewhat buried , but on my htc droid incredible i navigate to settings > language and keyboard > touch input > text input . under other settings i can set " vibrate when typing . "
i think gary 's answer is correct for the ordinary keyboard , but on my phone , other haptic feedback is controlled by another setting , equally hidden away at : settings > sound > vibrate feedback ( right at the bottom ) for me ( htc desire hd ) , this enables haptic feedback on the dialler keypad , as well as on the touch-sensitive home , menu , back and search buttons .
your three options are probably : downgrade maps use the browser-based google maps ( perhaps in incognito mode if you are paranoid ) use some other map application regarding osm , i think they do not have an official app , so you could also try to use an app that uses their data . the osm web site allows address searches , so that may just not be implemented in the app you are using . there is a bunch of osm compatible apps and their features listed here .
a phone connected through the usb , no . but if the phone is instead connected through bluetooth to the pc , you can try to turn on hfp ( hands free profile ) bluetooth profile service from your pc 's bluetooth stack . the only way i found this possible was from the bluesoleil bluetooth stack software where you can set the bluetooth to parade as a " headset " instead of " laptop/desktop " and hence your phone can connect to the pc thinking it is a headset . however , bluesoleil is not free and the evaluation version allows only 2mb worth of voice data packets in one connection after which the connection is automatically interrupted .
your screenshot suggests you simply uninstalled those apps . in tb , hit the menu button , select " batch processing " , scroll to the end of the list . there you will find " delete backups " . second item in that section should read " delete backups of uninstalled apps " ( or the like -- i run a localized version , was just back-translating ) . that should get you rid of those " striked " entries . for more details ( as well as solution to other tb-related issues ) , you might want to visit the titanium backup knowledge base , which provides you with a user 's guide , faq , troubleshooting tips , how-tos , and more . as for the one circled entry , the linked knowledge-base a.o. states : you can easily remove orphan data by running the “remove orphan data” batch job .
it is not solution via bluetooth , but you can try application airdroid : airdroid on google play it has a lot features to synchronize your phone with your computer . you can play the music from your phone on laptop , just install this app on computer and on phone and sync them . edit : if you need to play music from laptop on your phone then try this app : soundwire
your laptop and your have to be in the same network . install mediahouse upnp/dlna on your phone . laptop needs to be on and run the app . that is it .
in pc : open windows media player switch to libraries view . then click the organize drop-down menu , select manage libraries , and choose music , pictures , or videos . a library locations window will open , in which you can add other folders simply by clicking the add button and browsing to the folders . now click stream select the option automatically allow devices to play my media click turn on media streaming [ if u get error " windows media stream is not turned on " click " windows service administrative tool " goto " windows media player network sharing service " double click on it in start type select automatic ] connect your android via bluetooth in android : launch bubbleupnp when it opens , tap the devices tab at the bottom of the main interface . assuming that your pc is on and connected to the network , and that streaming is enabled in wmp , your pc should show up in the select library list in the bottom half of the devices menu . select your pc in the list , and tap the library tab at the bottom ; you’ll then be able to choose from the music , videos , pictures , and playlists folders available on the pc
why not use a usb cable to connect the laptop with the phone ?
once you pair the phone to your pc , you should be able to playback audio from you pc to the phone if your phone supports a2dp .
how to find the activity ? activities are listed in the .apk file 's Manifest . this is e.g. explained in run android application from command line . the linked page gives a short example : the activity is listed in the &lt;activity&gt; element , which also holds the intent to be called ( in the contained &lt;action&gt; element ) . how to investigate the Manifest ? now for the tricky part , as we are no developers : how to view the Manifest ? luckily , we can get some help from the playstore for this -- e.g. in the form of an app called app detective : app detective and appexplore ( source : google playstore ; click images to enlarge ) as you can see in above screenshot , this app allows the user to investigate the Manifest files of installed apps , but does not stop at this . ressources , libraries , signatures , and more can be looked up . alternatives worth mentioning are the manifestviewer and the appexplore . pick your choice : ) so what is the main activity of google keep ? using above " investigation methods " , kevin figured out it is com.google.android.keep.BrowserActivity ( see below comment if you do not believe me ; )
yes , you can see here that the htc 's rom is referred to as " internal storage " ( although it says 1.1 gb ) : http://www.htc.com/www/product/incredibles/specification.html .
it is possible that the actual screen is malfunctioning and you will need to take it back to your retailer to get fixed
most phone/contacts apps list all contacts , from all added accounts by default . there are several system and application options that could resolve this confusion : from the home screen , press the menu key and go to settings -> accounts and sync . under the Manage account section go through each account ( by tapping on them , ) and verify that the Sync Contacts option is only checked for accounts that you really want to have synchronized with the phone . open the phone app and go to the " contacts " tab . press the menu button and tap the Display options button . check the box next to Only contacts with phones option to hide any contacts that do not have a phone number associated with them . under the Choose contacts to display section , expand any accounts that you have chosen to keep in sync in step 2 , and select the groups you wish displayed in the phone app by marking their check-box . keep in mind that some manufacturers have their own versions of phone and contacts apps , so the menu choices might be slightly different ( or even missing altogether . )
i second chahk 's answer . also , if you sync your contacts with your google account , you can easily manage them online , including merging duplicates .
there is a " beta " version of cyanogenmod 7 for the optimus one over at the xda forums which you could try out . there also appear to be a couple of builds that are derived from cm but mix in different tweaks and patches to the kernel and whatnot ( one such build here , also gingerbread ) . cyanogenmod - if you are not already familiar with it - is essentially a vanilla android experience but with some nice additional settings and improvements . they build from the android source code and then add some patches of their own . i think one of the few plainly noticeable differences is that they use adw launcher as a home app instead of the stock gingerbread one , but i think the gb launcher is floating around on the market somewhere . adw is nice anyway , though .
not sure if this will answer your question , but there is a settings ( button ) called " contacts account " which lets you show or hide the following contacts : - phone - google - sim - facebook - twitter - show contacts with phone numbers only
it seems to be a driver issue . for windows , you will have to find the device driver from somewhere . seeing as its a generic device , that might be hard . you could try google 's generic usb driver which may work but is designed specifically for nexus devices . the other option would be to see if you can get yourself on a linux box since no device drivers are required on there . that probably has better odds of working in your case . if you need help setting this up , i would be happy to do so .
according to linux-sunxi : android adb access standard adb does not work out of the box . you need to provide a config file containing the usb vendor id : mkdir ~/.android/ echo "0x1F3A" &gt; ~/.android/adb_usb.ini  i dont know how this works with windows , though .
you should not worry about art or dalvik since you have no control over which one they are using . assume they are using the slower one and go from there . art is far off anyway and even after its out as the default for android it will still probably be years before its the biggest chunk of the market . and art is still in beta so who knows how good or bad it will be after they optimize/fix all bugs , etc . do not worry about art right now unless it causes your app to crash . scala can be slower but if it decreases your overall development time then just use it . scala 's compiler is still evolving and the possible gap in equivalent code is shrinking .
not in the internal filesystem , but it may leave files on the sd card . apps on android are only able to write on two places within the filesystem /data/data/&lt;packagename&gt; /mnt/sdcard/ or /sdcard the /data/data/&lt;packagename&gt; directory gets deleted when you delete the app , so the only place where file cruft can be found is the sd card .
that depends , a lot of developers do not properly take care of their associated application 's data and may leave them lying around . the package manager uninstalls the apps from /data/data/..../ depending on the package name . for example , application myfoobarapp whose package name is org.foo.bar.app then this would be the spot - /data/data/org.foo.bar.app/ which would have the following : those five sub-directories are standard placeholders for the apps to function . and package manager will only remove those files and sub-directories upon un-install of said application . all too often , out of hindsight or bad code , the apps would not automatically clean up after themselves , such as placing temporary files on the /sdcard or heavens-forbid , in /data/local/tmp which incidentally , is the worst abuse of it as it is world writeable !
if i had to guess , i would guess it runs fsck . on linux and ext3/fat filesystems there is no way to check the file system when it is being used , so it is usually checked on boot . however , it taking 5 minutes on such small disk sounds abnormal . be sure to have backups of all data you have on your phone , it is possible that the hardware is failing . if you have a memory card in it , it might make sense to take it out and run some diagnostics for it on a real computer . if the problem is in internal memory of the phone , then , well , apart from rooting the device it is hard to know .
download and install the android sdk . on your handset 's manufacturer website find and download usb drivers for your device , and install them . on your phone go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development and enable the USB debugging option . now when connect the phone to your pc via usb , you should see the " usb debugging connected " ongoing notification . on your pc ( i am assuming windows ) start command prompt by going to start -> run , typing " cmd " and pressing enter . navigate to the " platrofm-tools " sub-folder of where you installed the android sdk ( e . g . " c:\androidsdk" ) by typing the following : cd c:\androidsdk\platform-tools and press enter . now issue the following command : adb devices and press enter . if everything was installed correctly , the adb service will start and show your connected handset 's serial number : * daemon not running . starting it now on port 5037 * * daemon started successfully * list of devices attached ht035xxxxxxxx device you can now issue the adb logcat command to review your handset 's logs in real-time . reboot while your handset is still plugged into usb ( you will need to re-issue the adb logcat command when the phone restarts ) and you will be able to see what your phone is doing during those long boot-up sequences .
you can use apps like quick boot or rebooter or some root apps have this feature to go to recovery mode . . use them
app permissions are defined in the code of the application ( the manifest to be exact ) and cannot be changed without actually " un-building " , changing and then rebuilding the apk again . the solution you are looking for is using permissions controlling/restricting applications . here are some examples for these kind of apps : lbe privacy guard pdroid app ops - permission manager
maybe you can install new keyboard via recovery . i do not know what your device is , but you could try install this keyboard . you could use this " get the flashable zip here " go to recovery and install it . good luck .
it is possible to connect your device via usb to push an apk from the computer . there are a number of sites that allow apk files to be downloaded to a pc and file transferred this way . search google for " android keyboard apk download " for an acceptable one . once the file has been placed in a folder on the device , double click it to run " package installer " to install . you will have to enable the setting " unknown sources " in the security panel to install this way .
to provide some background on this question , google talk uses xmpp ( aka jabber ) which is an open instant messaging standard . as a part of this standard , every instant messaging client ( chat in gmail and the android talk app ) is assigned a resource . the server then uses the resource to know which client is communicating . this is how the interaction works : say your gmail account is bob@gmail . com . then gmail chat might be bob@gmail.com/gchat and the talk app bob@gmail.com/talk when your friend sue ( sue@gmail . com ) wants to send you a message , she simply sends it to bob@gmail . com . at this point , the server either sends the message to whichever client you used last , or sends the message to all currently connected clients ( google does the latter ) . when you reply to sue using the talk app , she receives the message from bob@gmail.com/talk . now , instead of sending further messages to bob@gmail . com , sue 's client now sends messages directly to bob@gmail.com/talk and will continue doing so until a message is received from some other client . this means that what saiboogu said should work . that is , to switch between clients , send a message to the person you are chatting with from the desired client . tl ; dr : this happens by design , saiboogu 's workaround works .
i do not know if what you propose is under consideration -- it would be nice . your summary of how it all works sounds accurate . i handle the transition by sending a new message from whatever new location i am continuing the conversation in , to manually force it to redirect . as you say , you will not get the history but it is the simplest method .
done : i backed up all my contents of my old emulator , created a fresh emulator using android create avd -t &lt;TargetID&gt; -n &lt;EmulatorName&gt; -a --abi &lt;CPU/ABI-Used&gt; to aid finding out the correct value of &lt;TargetID&gt; and the admissible values &lt;CPU/ABI-Used&gt; corresponding the same as per your choice of the api level , i used android list targets you will then find that the snapshot option is available , when you edit the same avd from the android virtual device manager . so check the snapshot . and when you launch , be sure you have checked " launch from snapshot " and " save to snapshot " options . now use the rm commands in the adb shell to remove the imes . ( i will make it clear soon how one does that ) you close and next time you open it through emulator command , it loads from snapshot and the permanence of the ime settings ( or for that matter any system settings ) is achieved ! ( p . s . : only when you change the hardware configuration will you need to actually reboot , in which case you cannot launch from snapshot as it was saved for a different hardware configuration ! ) as the question indicates , all i want is that my hardware keyboard is active and i really do not care about the 4 input methods there . it never occurred to me that i could simply remove all imes : here 's how : mount the /system folder . retrieve the apk names of the imes by going into /system/app and displaying its contents : next just do rm &lt;IMEapkname&gt;.apk  for instance in case of the japanese ime one executes rm /system/app/PinyinIME.apk  since this trick , for me , did not work thus far for the sample soft keyboard : i came out of the adb shell and did : adb uninstall com.example.android.softkeyboard  update : once you ensure that the snapshot has saved properly ( try launching from snapshot via terminal/avd manager , it must not produce errors ) and do not want to make further changes to the system applications or hardware configurations , do launch the emulator with the -no-snapshot-save option : emulator -no-snapshot-save -avd Andreud  so that you can launch from snapshot like before and avoid aberrations that occur while saving to snapshot ( lest it should produce error saying it was saved for a different hardware configuration ) . moreover you can save some valuable seconds it takes to save the snapshot . so this way your overall android emulator experience improves !
it finally updated . not sure what the hang up was before .
easy peasy : i was using adaway ( an app that blocks ads ) and somehow its tweaking of my hosts file was not accepted by python . yay ! :d
vpn capabilities ( pptp , l2tp and ipsec ) for android were included from version 1.6 ( donut ) onwards .
the trouble i encountered was that the fastboot program could not find my phone even though it was in bootloader mode . the solution was to run fastboot as sudo , but then the problem changed to be that sudo didn’t have the path to fastboot so i needed to give the explicit path to that as well : sudo ./fastboot devices worked ( when i was in the directory android-sdk-linux/platform-tools ) . so i figured that i needed to change two things in the setup instructions : run fastboot as sudo , and add explicit paths in the flash script . i have written a blog post that gives step-by-step instructions if anyone else needs this : how to update your nexus 4 to android 4.4
that is not how nfc works . the n stands for " near " , and it really means that : the tag has to be touching the back of the phone for it to be read . sometimes even putting a case on the phone stops it reading nfc tags . if you want something like this , you could buy a samsung galaxy note 2 or later . these phones have a special feature using the phone 's stylus ( s pen ) , where if the phone gets more than about a metre from the stylus , it will start to bleep . it is mainly intended to stop you forgetting the stylus , but it works just as well the other way around . some newer bluetooth headsets have this feature too : the headset alerts you if it goes out of range of the phone .
downolad any rom and flesh via cwm recuvery ( http://www.techtuple.com/919/list-of-best-custom-rom-for-htc-desire-bravo/ ) this site and copy zip file and flesh ur htc desire a8181 . . . . . .
you can follow this link depending on your htc , your phone model is htc bravo you can download your roms here your edit : official ruu 3.14 desire gingerbread--- [ v1.2/1st/august/2012 ] this is best rom it also give you more then 100mb free space . i used it for my device too
short answer with two letters : no . tl ; dr whatever app you use to work with your contacts , sms , and phone – they will need to access your contacts , sms , and phone ( how else should that work ? ) , so alternative apps for that will not be much help . with the exception of those few which use own databases ( i know of some calendar apps that do this , but did not yet encounter any such contacts/dialer/sms app ) , which would not work with contacts ( how shall the dialer or messages app then access them , except it is built into the very same app ? ) . let 's assume you find such an all-in-one contacts app using its own storage : you had to trust it as well that it does not initiate calls to some premium numbers ( or send sms there ) in the background , and ( in case it has the INTERNET permission ) send all your private data " to some cloud " . so as dan pointed out in his comment on your question : if you have concerns about an app that asks for permission to access something , do not install it . with root if , on the other hand , you decide to root your device , there are several solutions available to restrict apps . just to name some : lbe , pdroid , xprivacy . for details , please check with what information does stock android send to google by default , and how do i opt-out ? and how to fake my personal information .
when you get the small white dialog with the green buy button , press the down-arrow in the top-right corner ( next to the price ) . then click on payment options and add credit or debit card .
as dan has detailed in his answer you can change it via the play store on your phone or you can manage your payment methods via the google wallet site . this should allow you to remove your old/damaged card and add a new payment method .
do you not get a pop-up notification saying " allow this transfer " when sending executable ( apk ) files ? that happened to me but you can also try to play around in bluetooth settings in regards to file receiving . if you cannot get it to work , i often use airdroid which works flawlessly .
try this : rename the .apk to something legitimate like .png or .jpg and send it across via bluetooth . this should get around the in-built filter of what files can be transferred . some , if not all , roms have the .apk extension blacklisted for obvious reasons when bluetooth is activated . use a filemanager of any kind , to do this for you , send the " png " or " jpg " across , on the other end , it will be saved , use the same filemanager on the other end to rename it back to .apk and you are good to go .
it looks like there is an issue with the byte alignment . i found this post : http://www.mail-archive.com/linux-omap@vger.kernel.org/msg20797.html and based on that made the following changes to drivers/usb/gadget/u_ether . c : i can now ping in both directions over the usb . if anyone knows of a better way to address this , please let me know otherwise i will go with this .
when you set the alarm , select the alarm sound that you like best , at the same time activate the volume control . i had a similar problem with my htc hero before i realised that the volume control had someohow been set to its minimum . i must stress that the volume must be activated whilst selecting the required sound . hope this helps .
i had lots of problems with this myself , as you suggest my taskkiller was closing it down , on changing an alarm setting it would start back up . you should be able to press and hold on a task in advanced task killer and tell it to ignore the alarm task . this seems to have done the trick for me anyway .
you are certainly not the only one with alarm issues . check out this list of defects related to the alarm on the issue tracker for android os . unfortunately it seems like the symptoms vary depending on a lot of factors or do not seem to be consistent at a glance . the symptoms you described for the htc desire running 2.1 are exactly what i experience . funny thing is . . . i have an htc hero running 2.1 ( same as your wife 's ) ! i can also tell you that the alarm used to work on my htc hero before upgrading from 1.5 to eclair . i do have a workaround that worked in my case that you might want to try : i found that the alarm was not going off if the phone is not plugged into a charger . once i started leaving it on the charger at night it works 100% of the time for me . if this does not work for you , or perhaps you already leave it on the charger and it still does not work , i would suggest doing some research on the issue tracker . if nothing there seems to help maybe enter a new issue to bring it to the android team 's attention .
yes , you can do this . here 's how : note : i am on froyo ( android 2.2 ) , so if you are on a different version it may be slightly different . go to your home screen . choose settings from the menu choose language and keyboard choose android keyboard choose input languages select the english and german languages exit out by pressing the home key you are now set up for german and english . here 's how to test it : open the browser tap the address bar to bring up the keyboard long press the address bar ( or text field , whatever you want to call it ) look at the the space bar : it will have the following : &lt ; english > now swipe/slide your finger over the space bar , you will see it change to &lt ; german > once &lt ; german > is selected , you are now using the german keyboard . swipe again to return to english . enjoy .
what about installing an alternative keyboard , like anysoftkeyboard with appropriate language packs . ( it is free/libre/open-source software , and it is available from http://f-droid.org , which means that it was independently rebuilt from the sources . so you have another guarantee that it does not spy , by the way . ) configure it for multiple languages , and choose it as your default one .
as bryan has rightly said by installing third party keyboard apps will be helpful . try an app like the swiftkey keyboard . it has a multilingual keyboard support and is much better in typing when compared to the stock keyboard provided .
flash stock rom for samsung sl gt-i9003 in odin . here are some stock roms : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1004647
check whether the hardware supports otg functionality . if hardware supports , check for any custom rom ( such as cyanogenmod ) is released for your device . follow their procedure to flash the custom rom .
if you run xposed framework , nfc lockscreenoff enabler is your method of choice .
@damryfbfnetsi . . . seems you can offer a solution to my question . how can i unlock blank screenlock enabled on my andriod device by mistakenly used andriod device manager on my itel it1401 mobile phone ? it is all black blank screen and nothing seems to respond pressing keys , but only the power keys seems to switch on/off ! help plesse !
that is weird . i could stream this perfectly on my android 2.3 stock browser . for you , i would suggest you do the following :- download mx video player free ( and a suitable codec for your phone ) enter the url rtsp://128.112.131.181:554/blackboard/cs/additive_combinatorics/1_luca_trevisan_350k.rm in your stock browser . you will see something like : the above url for lazy beans : click on the mx video player and your video should load properly . duh ! :d
no , they are run completely separate and exclusive from each other , not something that'll completely replace the data within your existing contacts . . . although they can be merged so that it displays one contact instead of two ( again , it still will not physically combine the data ) . that way , you can have their profile pic as a contact icon and even their birthday , phone number , email in one place if they have it on their profile . it'll try to merge automatically if the name + phone number or email from your google contact matches what they have in facebook , but it'll have to be manually merged if it does not .
there is a very useful way to bypass the activation on this model of phone . when you are presented with the activation screen ( the little android ) , press the following corners of the screen in this order : top left top right bottom right bottom left you now have the option to completely bypass activation .
you can use the dashclock widget and the dashclock whatsapp extension from google play and place the widget on your lock screen . dashclock widget : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.nurik.roman.dashclock whatsapp extension : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.stallware.dashclock.whatsapp
i opted factory reset and started all over again but without signing in gmail account and it worked the nagging voice tutorial is gone
i faced the same problem , which nearly drove me crazy . system : win7 64bit , eclipse/adk 64 bit , jre7 64 bit - latter copied from c:programs\java\ as " jre " under the eclipse folder . . . ( finally eclipse started ) . how i solved the lacking start of the emulator with an android virtual device : look under c:users\yourusername\ . android if you can find there a folder named \avd containing subfolders named after the android virtual devices you created . if that is not the case ( as it was on my machine ) then you probably have moved long ago your account 's user data via a symbolic link to some different location , as it was the case in my system . eclipse ( the virtual device manager of the adk ) will create the virtual devices there , but will search for them in the windows default c:users\yourusername\ . android path . locate the real folder with your user data , in my case it was : d:\win\users\yourusername where i finally found the avd-folders needed for eclipse : d:\win\users\yourusername\ . android\avd . . . ( 2 subfolders with the avd 's ) just copy the avd-folder ( in my example ) d:\win\users\yourusername\ . android\avd to the " usual " location , where eclipse looks for it , to c:\users\yourusername\ . android this enabled me to : start the virtual device and to load the hello world example from eclipse into it . what did not help : create an environment variable named android_sdk_home with the value d:\win\yourusername\ . android and add it to the environment variable paths list : path= . . . . ; %android_sdk_home% ; . . . . eclipse does not seem to search for such environment variables , but obviously rather relies on the presence of all of the files in the windows default locations of the user 's personal data . cheers
uncheck scale display to real size , it will work for you , or try to lower the screen size column .
try these steps create a environment variable called : ANDROID_SDK_HOME and set it to C:\Users\&lt;&lt;Administrator&gt;&gt; open Eclipse &gt; Window &gt; Preferences , click in Run/Debug and String Substitution . add a new variable called user.home and set it to C:\Users\&lt;&lt;Administrator&gt;&gt; create an avd and run it . note the &lt;&lt;Administrator&gt;&gt; means the name of your windows account ; it is where resides the folder which contains your .android directory an android project member says here : as a work-around , you can define the environment variable android_sdk_home to point to the directory containing your . android directory . the emulator and sdk manager will pick it up properly . also you should check that the avd is created in the location d:\nn\ . android\avd ( check in your screenshoots , just above the list of avd , the path in list of existin android virtual devices ) .
dalvik vm ( virtual machine ) is google 's version of a java vm ( on which apps run ) . vms keep apps isolated and independent from actual hardware and other apps . but , for this to work , dalvik needs to convert so called bytecode ( designed for virtual machine ) to native machine code . in order to minimize the performance penalty that the bytecode to native code conversion introduces , a process called just-in-time ( jit ) compilation is performed , which converts hot , i.e. often used , bytecode to native code . 1 art ( android runtime ) is a replacement for dalvik that uses ahead-of-time ( aot ) compilation , meaning your apps are compiled to a ready-to-run state before you even launch them . this is usually done , at the time of app installation , making the process of launching and using them much faster and smoother . and since this means that compilation is only done once , you may also see better battery life , too . if art is better on performance and battery life perspective , should i start using it ? no . if you do that , you may break third-party apps . google has shipped this art preview with android 4.4 for developers to test their apps on it . side note : google 's approach with art is to beat ios ( ios apps are native so performs better even on low-end hardware specs ) , but i do not know where it is heading . . . another fragmentation ? see oems are free to build devices using either one or both . while final version should not affect most of apps , but its not 100% cross-platform thing . 1 note that jit was added to dalvik in android 2.2
it appears to be a touchwiz/sgs3 feature . a post on xda developers suggests freezing contextawareservice . apk if you had like to disable it , but no way to edit the list . another post suggests that a more recent release ( lfb ) has options related to this ( settings -> accessory -> audio applications ) , but does not expand on whether or not you can edit from there .
download wireless_tools . 30 . pre9 . tar . gz . this version supports non-ascii char in essid . unpack it into mydroid/external/wireless-tools directory . create android . mk file with the following content : modify it as follows : change wireless . 22 . h to be wireless . h ; modify ifrename . c , add getline ( ) function . you can get the code from external/genext2fs/genext2fs . c ; notice that this file uses macro to pass another function to getline ( ) . modify iwlib . h , change #include to be #include . [ you might need to check the original file to know what the author means ] compile ~/eclair-21/external/wireless-tools$ . ../../build/envsetup.sh ~/eclair-21/external/wireless-tools/wireless-tools$ mm  copy files to the system test after starting android : done . ref : http://anemospring.blogspot.com.es/2011/03/android-wireless-tools.html
it sounds like you may need to reset your apn settings , your phone will be slightly different than mine , i am using a nexus 4 . try locating the following : settings -> wireless and networks -> mobile networks -> access point names -> and from there locate the " reset to default " option . if that does not work , you can backup your device , and factory reset it .
yes there was issue with battery drain but they had solved the issue and you can go for 4.1.2 and performance is good .
maybe you try two avenues : dolphin browser ( which does prompt for to clear cache , etc on exit ) , there is the mini version , this version as linked to the play store , and the hd version . history eraser - this clears all the history of sms , calls , browser history etc in one swell foop .
the pc / desktop opera version has that feature . unfortunately , it is not available in mobile versions . you can try the following browsers instead : dolphin Settings &gt; Exit Settings &gt; Clear Cache When Exiting Settings &gt; Exit Settings &gt; Clear History When Exiting Settings &gt; Exit Settings &gt; Clear Cookies When Exiting uc browser Settings &gt; Clear Data &gt; Clear data on exit Settings &gt; Clear Data &gt; Cookies Settings &gt; Clear Data &gt; Form Settings &gt; Clear Data &gt; History Settings &gt; Clear Data &gt; Cache as of this time , i prefer to use uc browser , because dolphin is giving me a lot of issues on my samsung galaxy s2 , running cm10.1 .
here 's how to do root prestigio multipad pmp3670b : -download application " motochopper " , after extracted , just run the file " run . bat " -i think you know the rest : to have installed the usb drivers to have enable " usb debugging " etc . . : ) ) i searched for two weeks , every day , after i found a forum rusia . daca .
the jack is probably dirty , or the wires could have loose connections in the phone . try cleaning the headphone jack .
format the sd card and flash the stock rom again . this would guarantee clearing out any spyware . here is a tutorial describing how to take it back to stock . "…i say we take off and nuke the entire site from orbit . it’s the only way to be sure . "
i would suspect that there is no spyware on her phone . whatsapp shows when a contact is online or has last been online , so it is possible that the person assumes that when she is online , she is chatting with you . you can prevent this by opening whatsapp and going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Contacts -&gt; Blocked contacts and adding the stalker to the block list on her whatsapp account . this should prevent him from seeing her whatsapp activity . otherwise , designerwhocodes 's answer is the only certain way of removing spyware .
no , it does not matter at all for recovery . just make sure that if the odin package contains anything beside cwm ( e . g . , a kernel ) that the versions match . i have used a voodoo kernel with built in cwm for replacing 3e recovery , and the kernel had to be 2.2 to match my 2.2 os . that said , you could actually flash a mismatching kernel with cwm as long as you already had the cyanogen package on your device and ready to install . you had be able to get into recovery and flash the package even if your os would not boot .
i have had the exact problem on galaxy s3 . did eveything i read on the forums from rebooting phone , router , modify router settings e.t.c. i will cut to the chase i simply went on playstore and installed an app called wifi fixer which resolved the problem straight away and i have'nt had any problems since . hope this helps
alternatively , replace the stock text/messaging app with something like " textra " from the play store . this will bring back the return key as standard .
i updated my rom to a cm variant ( slimbean to be specific ) and found this in the settings this worked for me . thanks bassmadrigal for the comment . from that i came to know of cm . my friend usually takes care of my rom , but now i see that cyanogenmod is an awesome fork of android custom rom . can i go ahead and accept my own answer therefore ? : )
press the shift key and see the change in the icon for the smiley . it changes to the enter key .
mugen power batteries released a usb desktop cradle with hdmi support for the s4 . unfortunately , it seems to be out of stock right now . you can try and tweet @mugenbatteries when they will restock . i bought extended batteries from them , and will usually give you a discount code if you ask . : )
a solution is a dock or mhl ( micro-usb form factor ) to hdmi adapter . a quick google or amazon search should find what you need under $20 usd if you go with a 3rd party and not samsung . note : some roms on some models of phones do not support hdmi out ( e . g . cm10 on the i9100 i have ) probably not be an issue on your s4 but if you have flashed a non-samsung rom you might want to double check .
you mentioned in your question that you do not want to buy any additional connectors . any reason in particular ? how unwilling are you to spend money ? resolution is not going to be the problem , it is latency . if you are absolutely adverse to paying , try running a vnc server on your phone then connect to it using a vnc viewer program on your computer . laptop magazine has a very good walkthrough here : how to control an android device from your pc . they reference vmlite vnc server which is $9.99 but you can find other vnc server programs that are free ( though several do not look terribly trustworthy , imo ) . you are getting what you pay for , however ; a cheap wireless solution means input lag . your games are going to be very hard to play and the experience will be generally poor . if you can manage a few dollars , then an micro usb to hdmi mhl adapter ( with 5pin to 11pin micro usb adapter for your s4 - be sure to read the fine print ! ) as referenced in gt7599a 's answer is the way to go . $15 ( ish ) plus an hdmi cable gets you a wired solution with very low latency . if you want something wireless but are also wanting to be able to actually play games , your best bet is an adapter that takes advantage of the s4 's wifi direct/miracast capabilities . that means a samsung wi-fi all-share cast hub ( $55 ) , netgear push2tv ( $60 ) , or similar . how much is it worth to you ?
maybe this is not what you are looking for , but if you have installed busybox and a terminal application , you can continue your download with : wget --continue --output-document file.part URL 
if you are using google two step authorisation , then you can revoke the one-time password that you assigned to the phone remotely from your google account 's settings , i do not think that this is possible unless you are using the two step authorisation . go to your google account settings page , click the edit link beside "2 step verification " , click " manage application-specific passwords " , look down the list for the password assigned to your old phone and click the " revoke " link . next time the phone tries to access your google account , it should be denied access and your sister will see a warning asking her to enter the new password . if you have not set up the two step authorisation then , to do it directly on the phone , as long as the phone is running android 2.1 ( eclair ) or newer , then you can go into settings -> accounts and sync -> then select the account and you should have a remove account button at the bottom of the screen . once you have done this switch the phone off and on again ( just to make sure that no apps are running that have already logged in ) , and it should be removed . note that this will not remove all of your old data from the phone , it will just remove some of the google synced data , and stop anything new from coming down from ( or going up to ) your google account . to be sure that all of your old data is removed from the phone , you will need to wipe the phone with a factory reset .
if the account is the one you used to set up the phone originally , you will not be able to remove it without a factory reset . you will not be able to save the phone settings , but you can at least back up the apps and data using titanium backup .
in the app 's settings try changing the default locale . different ones ( even " china" ) will change the interval by which the tuner seeks .
after a lot of reading and trying various things i have managed to get control over my phone again . this guide sounds good , but it did not work for me as i have encountered an error because of my specific device . this might work with others though . what worked was this guide ( which has problems rendering images sometimes ) . i have tried first to unlock the bootloader ( blu button in flashtool ) and used the these instructions to obtain the unlock code based on the imei . after that i have downloaded a stock ftf image ( from goo . im ) , placed in the firmware folder of flashtool . then i could flash the ftf to the phone . also , because i was using windows 8 , had to reboot into trouble shoot more to change an option to allow non signed drivers . hope this helps others with similar issues .
android app gmd speed time claims to speed up games by accelerating device time . the free version accelerates time up to 10x . it requires root access on the device and does not work on all devices .
download cheat engine for android here : www.cheatengineandroid.com
you can use no-frills cpu control classic app . get no-frills cpu control classic from google play . or the app page in f-droid description : no-frills cpu control classic is a trimmed down version of the popular no-frills cpu control . it is meant for older devices running android 1.6 " donut " or android 2.0 " eclair " or for people who want an app as small as possible : just around 400kb ! all the features of the standard no-frills cpu control are available in the classic version . the only difference is in the user interface ( "the looks" ) .
gamecih ( cheating hacker ) can change the game speed .
i think that moving apps from internal to external does not affect the performance . but it does add on an extra few milliseconds to open the app from external storage instead of in internal storage . mileage will vary from device to device , depending on speed , android version etc
apps that have a service that is constantly open , like for example viber , whatsapp , facebook messenger , etcetera can slow down the ui a lot if there are a lot of these running , so its preferable to keep apps with a constant service on the phone memory , since the impact there is non noticeable by comparison .
in my experience there has been little or any perceptible performance problem . i was having a really annoying experience managing my memory with my nexus one . i used s2e to migrate and have not looked back . amazing to be able to not have to delete apps just to install new ones .
quoting from @chahk 's answer to another question : longer boot-up and shut-down times when the system mounts/un-mounts all of the apps stored on sd card . apps that were moved to sd card are not stored in plain sight to prevent rampant piracy . instead , android sets aside some space and creates a virtual partition for each app that you move . this means that at the initial boot-up , all these virtual partitions need to be mounted before apps stored on them can be accessed . the same holds true when you turn the handset off - each virtual partition is un-mounted before other shutdown processes can happen . depending on the number of installed apps this can take an extra minute or even longer for the system to " stabilize " upon boot-up ( and about 20 extra seconds for shutting down . ) once this happens though , launching these apps does not take any longer than those on internal memory .
security and performance implications the application resources stored on external storage are read-only and hence there are no performance issues with loading or launching applications on sd card . from : http://android-developers.blogspot.co.uk/2010/07/apps-on-sd-card-details.html the post is written by a ' suchi amalapurapu , an engineer who worked on this feature . ' the feature being the ability to put apps onto the sd card .
one solution would be to use an app like auto mount your sd card , which would automatically switch to ums ( usb mass storage ) mode when your device gets connected to a computer via usb . if you still want to manually decide , this seems to be provided by mountusb widget ( which is not free , but costs ~eur 1 ) .
a possible cause would be using a custom launcher ( adw , go launcher , apex , nova , launcher pro , etc . . ) . some of these launchers allow you to hide the status bar at the top , and trigger it with actions like double tapping the home screen , swiping up or down , swiping with two fingers , etc . . what might be happening is that you are unintentionally triggering the show/hide status bar . when hidden , you can no longer pull it down . if you are using a custom launcher , go to the launcher settings , there you will find an option that allows you to customize behavior . i can also tell you if the issue is with the status bar , it is most definitely not a hardware issue .
when you are done transferring these files , it is more important that you eject the device from the computer than it is for you to unmount the sd from the statusbar . once your computer says the device is ejected , the problem should be resolved after you unplug the phone-- if not-- you can transfer files via adb without ' mounting ' the sdcard . in this case , you would not disable the debugging option ( which you do not really need to do in the first place , btw ) . =d
source : samsung faqs : cell phones : what is kies lite mode , and what can i do when using it ? kies lite mode launches the application with a reduced set of features . this uses fewer system resources and lets some key features of kies run more efficiently . using kies lite mode , you can access and use these features more quickly : firmware upgrade , sync data , backup , and restore . you can switch to kies lite mode by clicking kies lite mode icon in the top-right corner of the screen . if you switch to kies lite and you close the application , kies will open in lite mode next time you run the application . to switch back to " normal " kies mode , simply click the icon again . or open kies in lite mode by double-clicking kies lite icon on your windows® desktop . so it would seem that the functionality is limited to : firmware upgrade , sync data , backup , and restore .
kies for samsung phones and tablets is more or less similar to what itunes is for iphones , ipods , and ipads . it allows you to synchronize your music and video collections , synchronize your schedule and contacts from outlook or yahoo , perform and restore backups , and perform updates to the android os . kies light is just an alternate , somewhat less featureful , gui for kies it does not allow for remote control capabilities . for that , you want another app , such as airdroid .
i rebooted my phone and the problem went away ( i can now see and choose from all installed apps ) . must be a a bug .
on my nexus one ( 2.3.4 ) the “other applications” list has the usual list of everything .
it is up to the app to fetch the proxy settings from the system prior to making the first connection . if a app does not do this and your local firewall prevents outgoing connections without the proxy , it will not work . you should contact your app developer about this problem and ask him to fix this .
i assume that you used adb push for uploading your executable to the sd-card . unfortunately the sd-card is always mounted with " noexec " which means that you can not execute anything from here . therefore you have to copy the executable to the local filesystem , e.g. to /data/local . in case the device is not rooted or you do not have busybox installed there will be no " cp " command . you can simply use cat : cat /sdcard/myprog &gt; /data/local/myprog . then you have to set the executable permission on the executable . chmod on android usually does not support the " u+x " syntax . therefore you have to call chmod 555 /data/local/myprog . afterwards you can execute your executable : /data/local/myprog .
did you check if you card in working on your computer . if your card is detected on your computer without any messages then there must be something wrong with your mobile . else if your computer detects your sd card and gives you any message to scan/format before using it . . . then consider running scandisk on your card once your computer detects it . . . hope this helps . . .
you can try out any of the backup app , that would let you have fun ! the thing that you are saying i recently lost all the emails on my laptop computer . and they were important business emails . many of those emails still exist on my android phone . as the mails on your device might get removed as soon as you connect it to the internet ( sync might do that ) , if you need to install a backup app better download its .apk file to your computer , and sideload it ( e . g . copy it to your sdcard , and start the .apk using any file manager , which would trigger the installation ; make sure to have unknown-sources activated for this ) . a good choice would be helium backup : it creates .ab ( android backup ) files compatible with adb backup , and there are solutions available to extract those on your pc . is there any way to pull the emails off and then drop them in to my mail program ? no , there is no direct way to do that – you could only forward them , which you do not want . then i do not think there is any other way to do this . you can either create a backup file to just save the emails , then forward them . that is the only way to get back your emails , but still you will lose the time , sender name and other ! and it will be replaced with sender as : you , time : current time , body : body will have the email included as signature or something like that . that is it ! good luck , cheers .
the important part looks to be this : it is worth mentioning that i have data encryption turned on . i do not believe clockworkmod can handle encrypted devices as of yet , which is problematic for devices that lack true external storage support ( e . g . sd cards ) . the reason it is a problem is that /sdcard on these devices is not a separate partition , it is a fuse mount point for the /data/media directory . therefore , when you boot into recovery , it can not access your internal /sdcard directory because it is encrypted . teamwin recovery , as of version 2.2.0 , does support decrypting your device when booting into recovery . they actually specifically noted the galaxy nexus in the release notes , possibly because they had to implement the decryption differently on non-aosp devices ( e . g . support for encrypted touchwiz devices is listed in version 2.4.0.0 ) : what is new in version 2.2.0 support decrypting an encrypted data partition on galaxy nexus ( enter password using keyboard ) realistically , the best bet if you want to encrypt your device would probably be to use twrp instead of cwm . otherwise you will have to continue jumping through some hoops when trying to use your recovery . you can download twrp from their website .
galaxy s2 does not support ota updates . . . so it is unlikely that you will be able to check for updates from your phone . the same " connection failed " error comes to me when i try that in my phone .
dial *#8736364# to check for an update .
the best backup you can do is a Nandroid backup . i did not know what it was for a long time , but it works like magic . i will include instructions , but note that i have an evo , so they might vary a little . reboot into recovery this is different for most phones , for example , the evo you reset while holding the `volume down` button . or , since you have a rooted phone , you might be able to get to it by holding down the `power` button , then selecting `reboot/recovery` . once in this menu , select `backup/restore` choose `backup` , or a similarly named option flash your new rom or whatever , and if you are not pleased , simply follow the steps back to recovery and do a Restore . this will reset your phone to it is exact settings from before , down to which widgets you had on your homescreen and what settings you had enabled and disabled .
there is an easier way than this even . i use rom manager , and it automatically asks you if you want to back up your current rom before installing a new one . rom manager also let 's you install directly from your sd card , so you can do your backup , data and davlik cache wipe , and flashing the new rom all from this app . it comes in most custom roms too .
the recent changes list for v1.4.4857 ( released around 11/11/10 ) states : we added support for front facing cameras on samsung devices we fixed an issue that was causing some htc evos to reboot when launching tango so it looks like they needed to change something specific in their software to let you use the front facing camera , and they have done that now !
usually apps require internet access for ads , analytical data , or for sending bug reports/stack traces back to the developer . other reasons might include using google 's licensing servers to validate legitimate copies of apps with android market purchases ( google 's licensing servers use the check_license permission ) . similarly , some developers produce their own keys and license servers ( prior to google 's implementation ) . for instance , i am the developer of a tipping calculator app . it requires the internet permission to send analytical data back to me via flurry . one day i plan to add this remote stack tracing program for more detailed errors ( but i have not yet because so far my app has not really generated any bugs/errors ) . but the value of this information is worth asking for the internet permission . i can see exactly how many users of what android os are using my app and what are the most popular phones using my app . however , i also give users an " opt out " in the settings if they choose to not send me this information .
i believe fennec ( firefox mobile ) will have this feature , but it is currently only in alpha . you can get a copy of the alpha here . note that you will need about 40mb+ of internal storage space free to install it .
i do not see a firefox extension that bring bookmarks to your phone permanently . there are a few suggestions in this question but they are designed more for sending links on a one-time basis . getting the del . icio . us firefox add-on and the del . icio . us add-on for the android dolphin browser might be the best bet . ( i knew i saw this somewhere on here . . . props to this answer which mentions del . icio . us for android . )
if you have a htc phone and windows , then htc sync will do this .
xmarks premium allows to synchronize all bookmarks between different pcs ( supports chrome , firefox and more ) and different mobile phones/tablet ( android , iphone , blackberry ) for 12$/year .
you could use diskusage to find your files . this app shows you a graph of folders and how much space they are using on your sd card . it is designed to help you clean out folders that get large , so it would be perfect for your case .
usually games are downloaded to the sd card , so check there , for example using a file manager app .
downloaded data for games , mostly are saved in SD-CARD/Android/data under a folder with a name matching to package name of the game . albeit , it may differ across developers . for example , gameloft games data are saved in SD-CARD/gameloft . so , you can check those folders with a file explorer app or when your sd card is mounted on pc .
i tried this from my samsung galaxy ace plus and it worked : from ur mobile , click menu > settings > applications > development untick usb debugging , stay awake , allow mock locations insert usb cable from mobile to pc/laptop > " enable usb debugging " > ok drag down the the usb icon from the upper left part of the screen tap on " connect usb " > " connect to usb storage " then , automatically , ur pc/laptop will now detect ung mobile/sd device from the laptop/pc , select " open folder to view files " there , u'll see memory card storage and mobile storage as " removable disk . . . " ( mine is g ) you should now be able to transfer files from pc> mobile and vice versa hope this helps .
try to key in this in dialer *#7284# it has 4 option there . . uart modem pda usb modem pda for usb . select the pda . if it already selected to pda . reselect it by select modem and then pda again . . only change the usb setting . . andthen press back . try reconnect to kies again . . hope it helps . .
hey you can try to solve this in two ways either you can download samsung kies and using that you can connect your phone , or if not by that way then u can check in your phone that is your usb debugging on its in settings option > application > development see that is it checked or not , if its checked then it means its on . . you can also download pda net and install in your pc thats also one of the way if you dont want to install samsung kies
when windows sees it as " the device has malfunctioned " it is a different issue than when it says " drivers were not installed , your device may not work properly . " if it says " malfunction " it is a problem with the usb hardware connections themselves , albeit the cable end or the device port . try using some electrical contact cleaner and a soft tooth brush and the clear the port with a compressed air duster can . just spray a little of the cleaner on the brush and gently clean your port and/or cable . then spray area just enough to dry with air duster . worked well for me . if you take it to a service shop they will do it for you for a minimal fee .
this problem might be because you dont have the neceasary drivers . make sure you have the USB debugging mode on for your device . then use Samsung Kies , a software like itunes , to detect your device .
i had the same prob as my s3 is not deteced on my mac , but it is very easy to solve : connect your s2 to your pc using a datacable now in your phone , go to settings&rarr ; more&rarr ; usb utilities turn on usb mass storage button . it works .
are you sure that usb debugging mode is on ? under Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Development you should see an option for USB Debugging -- if that is not checked you will not be able to mount your phone .
is not it so strange that on some computer config it is not a problem ? ? ? in many cases a third party software is the badass ( e.g. firewall , antivirus apps . ) always try on another machine before you go back to the shop:- )
in addition to what the others have already answered , if you just want to access the files on the phone 's storage and sd card , you can just mount the file system . unplug the usb cable , then settings > wireless and network > usb utilities > connect storage to pc
i have had the same problem . i was so annoyed that i did a factory reset . it clears all your data , but it also solved my issue .
well , i have gone and flashed over to aokp , so figured i would update this with an answer about their permissions management . it is found towards the bottom of the root settings screen . for each user-installed app it lets you turn off specific permissions . essentially a very basic version of what lbe privacy guard used to let you do . some features that are missing : ability to group by a permission ( e . g . Access Location ) and see all apps that use it with ability to disable them in this view ability to change permissions on system apps ( e . g . camera to disable geotagging completely ) so all in all , it is a nice feature , and more than available in most roms i know of without extensive modding/flashing of additional frameworks and things . potentially the 2nd item above could - at least in some cases - be gotten around by using something like rom toolbox to convert the system app to a user app . . . but i am not sure what other ramifications doing so would have .
i think google calendar sms reminders are supposed to come from only one number ( or only a few numbers ) , which might be different from user to user . for example , you would get reminders from numbers a , b , and c , while i would get reminders from numbers d , e , and f . so , if you add a , b , and c under one contact , that should solve your problem . however , there seems to be a recent issue causing reminders to be sent from many random numbers . the issue has been recognized by a google employee ( katherineg ) , so hopefully they are working on a fix . you might want to head over to that thread and add your country / carrier to the list affected by this problem .
in short , if you want to flash kitkat android 4.4 , you will have to upgrade to a version of cwm greater than v6.0.4.5 . or , use an alternate bootloader . for the galaxy tab 2 gt-p5113 or gt-p5110 you can find the instructions here .
as it turned out : with adb.exe not being in the %PATH% ( or $PATH for linux/mac users ) , the batch file was not able to find it . so there are 3 solutions to it : fixing the batch file to look in the very same directory fixing the %PATH%/$PATH to include the directory changing into the directory the batch ( and adb ) files are located in , and running it from there for a one-time run , #3 is the easiest approach : open a command shell ( on windows via the start menu , open a cmd – on linux via alt + f2 and entering e.g. xterm ) change to the directory ( using the cd command with the directory as argument ; on windows , you might need to switch to the correct drive letter before ) run the batch/shell script from there if you need that script more often , it might be worth trying one of the other two approaches . not being a windows user , i do not know where exactly to add the PATH information there ( afair it was in " environment variables " somewhere in the settings of the control center ) ; on linux you can just do so in your $HOME/.profile or $HOME/.bashrc , adding a line like export PATH=$PATH:/where/is/adb  ( of course using the correct path instead of /where/is/adb ) . fixing the script/batch is a little beyond the scope of our site : )
it seems that you have selected dropbox as the default for uploading files . you can test this by going to Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; Dropbox and tapping Clear defaults . now , when you open your browser and try to upload files , it should ask what program you want to use to select the file . in my personal opinion , you should only upload files from your device , since not all apps support uploading via the browser . if the file you need to upload is only on dropbox , you can download it from the app by long-pressing the file and selecting Export -&gt; Save to SD Card .
move to sd is disabled android 4 onwards . also app2sd appmgriii etc all are useless . i found best solution to this problem after a-week-long search on google i found this very useful new app called foldermount see : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.devasque.fmount of note , you need to root your phone . root it by easiest means mobogenie i tried it on 3 folders ( in free version only 3 can be tried ) and then immediately bought the pro version ; its worth . . just cleared lot of place on my galaxy mega 6.3 .
you could try to " repair " the bad blocks and see if that works . below is the windows and linux methods for doing it . repairing will not fix damaged parts of the card but flag them to ignore . windows : plug your device into a windows pc . Start&gt;Programs&gt;Accessories-&gt;Command Prompt if on vista or newer , right-click and choose to runs as administrator . if on xp , just run it . find the drive letter for the device . let 's say it is " g:" drive . enter chkdsk G: /r linux open a terminal ( applications-accessories-terminal ) and give the command sudo fsck -a /dev/sdd1 ( replace /dev/sdd1 with the actual partition device for the micro sd card ) ( fsck = file systen checker . ) failing that you will probably need a new sd card . if it is the ' usual ' fat32 corrupting ( which it does a bit ) then you may be ok , but if any of it is damaged then it will need to be replaced .
try rooting , installing a custom recovery and then finding an english rom to flash on xda or some such place . there will be guides on google .
you might install mobogenie . it gives u one -click root feature . so you may root that ways . and moreover huawei phones have a large range and most of them are not known . so either buy a well known product or go for samsung products
i have had similar trouble with a different device . after you plug you device in try : adb devices  if your phone is not listed , try restarting adb : adb kill-server adb start-server  lastly , check if there are any driver updates for your phone . a good place to start looking for drivers is google 's oem page and samsung 's support page . additional tips might be found on this so question .
this is the real issue cyrus had ( we tracked it down via interactive chat ) : the phone has obviously some race condition between plugging usb in and usb ready . plugging in basically gives 2 events : power connected event ( start charging battery ) usb connected event ( enumerate devices etc . ) if the host system asks for usb enumeration too quickly ( before the power-connected event has settled probably ) , then that operation fails and the device stays invisible . the workaround is to slowly insert the usb cable . reason : usb has 4 pins , the 2 outer ones are +/- and protrude longer than the inner 2 data pins . if inserted slowly , there is a time gap between the power-connected event and the data-connected event
al everett has suggested that " no android camera has [ optical zoom ] " , but the 14-megapixel altek leo android seems to have 3x optical zoom " ( not digital like other cellphones ) . " the altek leo will not be available until at least 2011 , though .
more often than not , digital . consider : how in the world would the motor for moving a lens fit in a phone case ? for that matter , where would the find the room to have variable focal length ? would the manufacturers really put such a battery-drainer in the unit ? how much more expensive would it be , too ? should somebody actually come up with a phone with optical zoom , it would be a big deal and a huge marketing gimmick . ( "the only phone camera with optical zoom ! " ) i have not seen any . have you ? that is not to say that someday someone will not make has not made such a phone . there sure are not any right now . unless they make a big deal about the camera zoom , you can assume it is digital .
the best way to tell if it is digital or optical : do the pixels look blown up ( and therefore blurry ) ?
um there is a way to tell if the phone has a optical lense . . . actually 2 ways . when zooming in , is there a motor sound coming from the phone ? when zooming in , does the camera lens look different ( duh , it zoomed so it should look different when looking directly into the camera ) . 99% chance that the answer is no .
yes . sdmaid does an excellent job of finding files abandoned by the system such as interrupted play apk downloads ( cutely called the " basement corpse finder" ) , shrinking databases and emptying your caches . it also lists files by size so you can find space hogs , etc .
it is generally below 5 minutes , anything over 10 minutes is probably considered a wrong flash . read the instructions given by the developer and than try again . if it still does not work as for help in the roms thread ask they will be better suited to help with specific questions about your rom than us .
i believe you had do this the same way you download apps available for other devices , by editing the build . prop file on your device ( requires root ) . see my answer here for more info on that .
as i already shortly pointed out in my comment to the question itself : android has no centralized setting for that , it has to be configured for each app separately – provided the app supports it . unfortunately , such a setting is not even featured by all apps , so for some it might be impossible .
[ root only ] a third party solution would be the app foldermount . that way it is possible to move all the media folders one by one to the external sd card and mount them on top of the internal folders .
wifi direct can be used on all android devices . android 4.0 and higher comes with this feature pre-installed . if your device runs an older version of android , you can find many apps in the google playstore to enable direct file sharing service over wifi . go for superbeam , fast file transfer , wifi file transfer , etc .
create a new task list just for groceries in your google account at calendar . google . com . there are several apps that will sync the google tasks on android and iphone . one downside is that each device must be logged in to the same google account . they do not have a way ( yet ) to share task lists .
google drive ( née google docs ) . just create a simple document . there is a google drive app for android , of course , but even without the mobile web version works pretty well ( which i would expect you had use with the iphone ) . windows and mac can use the desktop browser version of the web app .
use astrid . its native app is available for both android and ios . you can access your to-do list on pc/mac using web . collaborative sharing is allowed with unlimited no . of users . users can also leave notes on tasks for other users .
there are about one bazillion apps like this . i have got a ( somewhat outdated ) list at google docs .
try super bt mono . it does not explicity say that it works for non-ad2p headsets but i believe that is the whole point of the app . there would be no need for this app with a headset that has ad2p . edit : whoops , that is for froyo only and you are on eclair . basically you need to find an app that will stream audio over the hsp profile instead of ad2p but i could not find one for you . you have 3 options as i see them : get android 2.2 on your phone and try super bt mono froyo pro root your phone , load cyanogenmod and try super bt mono pro buy a headset that supports ad2p ( they can be as cheap as $30 ) sorry i could not help more .
yes , you can . everything is possible . just call the toast multiple times in the code . i put the toast code in a method , and i call that method 3 times back to back to back . toast stays on the screen for a good amount of time , and i get the visually effect i want . simple , works for me . if it is gonna leak memory or cause my user 's phone to blowup someone please let me know .
i love it when i can give these answers ; ) simple answer : no , this is not possible . long answer : toasts are built into apps , and are low level . there is no way for 3rd party apps to catch toasts , and there is no way to view them longer . this could be possible if you made your own custom rom however .
the values of LENGTH_SHORT and LENGTH_LONG are 0 and 1 . this means they are treated as flags rather than actual durations so i do not think it will be possible to set the duration to anything other than these values . if you want to display a message to the user for longer , consider a status bar notification . status bar notifications can be programmatically cancelled when they are no longer relevant .
no , however some apps lets you set a time that a toast message stays on screen . ( . . . i think . )
you could try to use default app manager to remove the association for flash video ( . flv ) files . this should tell the browser ( s ) to play the video without to open a new app .
well i kinda ' fixed it . i changed the user agent setting in my opera browser from mobile to desktop and every flv file now works . as you might expect there are side effects ( i am getting dektop sites instead of mobile sites - they are bigger , harder to use and they take up more space so they load slower ) . this will be a good work around at leas .
this is because you have installed some other apps that are capable of opening the same media . previously , only your stock video player was associated . now i guess soapcast can open it . this is how android works normally , but if you want the old behavior at all times , select the checkbox that says " use by default for this action " and then click on the stock video player or " movies " .
50 mb is not much . consider that for installation , the apk gets probably temporarily stored there ( in /data/local ( not always sometimes it is in the /cache/download/ folder ) -- at least that is what the playstore app does , i am not sure about a " local install " where the .apk probably is available from your sdcard ) for processing , then gets installed ( below /data/app ) and initializes its data ( below /data/data ) . and during all that , it should leave enough free space to allow all other apps to work normally : creating temporary files , log files ( at least the latter again being stored below /data in many cases , e . g those you can access via logcat ) , and manipulate their data ( guess where -- yes , again below /data/data ) . so you see : most of these actions take place on the /data partition . now look what size the .apk of sbp shell 3d has . something about 10 . . 15 mb ? so when installed , it creates its data structure below /data/data as well , which adds to this . and during all that installation process , free space probably falls below 30 mb ( if it really requires a copy in /data/local for the install , even below 20 mb ) -- which is why the system alerts about " free space getting low " . the solution already came with the warning : uninstall some apps . or move some bigger ones / rarely used apps to sd , if possible . or clean up some cache -- but that will only help temporarily . you might also want to check some other space/installation related questions here : why is “insufficient storage” wrongly reported when installing an . apk via adb ? is there a way to workaround the phone memory limit for installed apps ? why can not i install apps when i have enough storage ? application does not get installed : insufficient storage available could be good starting points .
try any audio manager app from play store . audiomanager audio manager
it is a configuration that must be active to give you that information , usually it is used when you are driving , to prevent accidents : turn off the voice notifications : go to settings menu click on " voice input and output " option select the option " text-to-speech settings " . uncheck the driving mode setting . from the user 's manual driving mode : activate driving mode to provide audible notifications for incoming calls , messages , or event details . change alerts on call settings : settings call settings all calls alerts on call change from " voice " to " vibration " or " off " etc
i do not have the option within settings as mentioned above on my s3 . instead i drag down the top toolbar and uncheck the driving mode option . ( scroll to the right as it is not usually immediately visible . )
i use launcher pro as my default homescreen and i can have a favorite contacts shortcut by doing the following steps : 1 . press the menu button and select the shortcuts option 2 . then select the activites option 3 . then select contacts--> phone 4 . give it a name 5 . there must be a favorites shortcut
if you use dialer one as your dialer or even if you install it but use the default stock dialer app , you can get to the favorites screen by long pressing a blank area of the homescreen , and from the shortcuts menu , choosing favorites .
there is an application called root uninstaller pro 2.7 , with the sole purpose of allowing users uninstall either system or regular applications . to download it to your phone via wap : visit http://wap.mobiles24.com on your wap enabled handset select download by id and enter 552004 click download item other links : root uninstaller pro 2.7 android app apk google play :: root uninstaller pro ( small price )
probably you werent running the specific firmware on which the cm port for your phone was designed to be installed on . check if you had missed any steps in the tutorial . if your phone gets stuck at the bootlogo or bootanimation , you can try to do a factory reset from the recovery mode . if the problem still persists , try flashing the stock firmware and then installing cm . if your phone does not respond at all while attempting to switch it on , its hard-bricked . the only way to recover it is by using jtag . you need to disassemble the phone for this method , so it is better to take it to a service centre . here the bootloader is rewritten to the device using a riff box . watch this video to see how it is done : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_zaehafjme
you can also download the already done virtual machine from bash blog , they created a froyo vmware image . . . http://www.bash.ch/2011/04/android-22-froyo-in-einer-vmware.html the virtual machine has only 100mb
here 's a link to to android 2.3 ( froyo ) live cd : http://android-x86.googlecode.com/files/froyo-vm-20100812.iso . it is a small image ( 53.6 mb ) , i ran the live cd on vmware workstation and it worked like a charm .
i think its easier to get arm processor images than it is to get the x86 ones . i have been able to use the android virtual machine that comes with the software development kit .
the easiest way of running android and testing android application on x86 machines appears to be using the android virtual machine that comes with the latest sdk . with reference to a recent question , huh ? jdk not found ? ( on windows 7 64-bit ) , there may be a problem with the latest android sdk . exe installer . you can try to download the zip version of the installer , then run " sdk manager . exe " place to download the sdk : link : http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html note that you need jdk to run the android sdk link : http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html and as @afrazier mentioned , android-x86 is a definite option but the lack of drivers make it difficult for most of us to use the os properly . . .
android-x86 seems to be the most current project , with nightly builds available at http://android-x86.moonman.dk/ i think the lack of activity one sees is not so much a licensing/warez problem , it is just that the os simply does not work too well with desktop systems yet , being highly phone and touch-centric . that and there is simply not a lot of interest for it yet . i do not know if this project has the google apps ( particularly market ) baked in or not . if not , that is another major piece that significantly reduces the usefulness of this os . finally , there would be the problem of getting drivers for all the various hardware made available . considering android 's linux base , i am not sure how easy or difficult it is to do .
i already written full tutorial here : how to run android 2.3 gingerbread on vmware and virtualbox very easy and could be done in 5-10 minutes only . . .
there is an app called screen filter that will allow you to switch the menu button backlight off .
there is the leds hack app if you have got the root thing going .
it is hard to say without seeing it , but what you describe sounds like you have added a home screen widget ( a . k.a. appwidget ) . long-press the widget to pick it up , and a delete icon will appear ( it looks like a bin or an x ) . drag-and-drop the widget onto the delete icon .
it seems that the htc desire models are known to have hardware that easily gets defective . . . :-/ i have searched far and wide , and the general consensus seems to be that if a restore and/or factory reset does not resolve the problem , then it is not a software issue but a hardware defect . the device could probably be repaired , but if the warranty gone then it is probably wiser buying a new device instead .
for things like podcasts , the experience should be far more slick than the clunky apple need to plug into a pc and use itunes . most services on android are about the device itself doing all of the syncing directly with the internet , not needing to have a pc in the middle that you have to plug into to get updates . for podcasts , you can use something like google listen , this keeps the list of your podcast subscriptions in google reader , and syncs and downloads new episodes wirelessly throughout the day ( though if you are concerned about data usage you can configure it to only download when you are on a wifi network ) . i have not personally used it , but other apps like doggcatcher keep your subscriptions on the device and wirelessly sync throughout the day in similar ways . for music syncing , there is nothing built-in , but apps like winamp allow you to do a wireless music sync with a pc running winamp , again other apps also allow that , but i have not used them .
i have heard good things about doubletwist from mac users , allows you to continue using itunes to sync your music . have not tried it myself since spotify does enough for me , and itunes is not really pleasant on a pc , had enough of it when i had an iphone .
answer : you can use freex3d : vrml , x3d , stl viewer by john alexander stewart available from google play store : freex3d is a 3d vrml/x3d and stl viewer for android . new - anaglyph rendering option for 3d viewing of your 3d files ! freex3d allows the user to browse local stl , vrml 97 and x3d files , and to view these files on their android gles-2 capable device . you can rotate or zoom stl files ; x3d files you can walk , or examine , as defined by the spec . use one finger to rotate or walk , two to zoom or move in +-z , depending on navigation mode set . this version works on android 2.2 and above . it requires opengl es-2.0 , which is available in all modern phones/tablets , and most released over the last couple of years . related curiosity : there is also an interesting project that worth mentioning , called x3dom for free on android devices that support webgl : x3dom ( pronounced x-freedom ) is an experimental open source framework and runtime to support the ongoing discussion in the web3d and w3c communities how an integration of html5 and declarative 3d content could look like . it tries to fulfill the current html5 specification for declarative 3d content and allows including x3d elements as part of any html5 dom tree .
well i think i panicked too soon . it was slow because it needs to sync and index all the media files and may be some other sync . i found it out from one of my friends and also experienced it after seeing my media files ( video , music etc . ) getting added to the list one by one . when i upgraded to ics there was no media in my device , so it was ready with full performance . and since my phone is overflowing with media now , it was taking some time and running the media sync in the background . so if you are facing the same problem , just give it a day or two to sync completely , before you try factory reset or downgrade . ps : i have contacted sony 's customer care and they said that a downgrade can be done at any sony service center without any charge . just fyi .
something very similar happened to me not long ago . the sd card , when inserted into the phone , would cause the phone to be very unresponsive and eventually reboot itself , over and over , as long as the card was plugged in . now for the bad news . i inserted a different sd card , which worked just fine in the phone . so i took the malfunctioning sd card and attempted to reformat it on my computer , but after reinserting it into the phone , the phone still claimed it was a " damaged sd card " and refused to do anything with it - even format it again ! though it did stop boot looping . after talking with verizon it seems the sd card really was defective and i am getting a replacement . i hope you are able to recover some of your files from the card before you have to replace it , or that you have backups ( though it sounds like you do not ) .
 Lock screen is probably the most discussed topic since release of jellybeans.  well currently there is only one solution to yours problem if device is not rooted . install another lock screen which will provide you that slider shortcuts and which will then be followed by stock lock screen with pin/password . one software is widget locker available in market . however this will be a waste of memory using dual lock screens .  Alternatively I'm looking for a solution for a rooted device. I will post once found.  most custom roms comes with this feature as stock like aokp and miui .
i think that samsung started using ota updates on gingerbread , i.e. since 2.3 , so you had have to update to this either via kies or odin before you can update the firmware without a pc . after that , the availability depends on your carrier if the firmware is branded or samsung if it is a nonbranded version .
as long as your wifi has internet connectivity , android will be able to communicate with google 's servers . there is one thing that people get wrong when it comes down to contact suggestions , be it facebook or google : they imply that they are the only ones that have saved the contact somewhere . but it is also the other way round . which means that , the contact that was suggested to you has most likely your gmail e-mail address saved in his address book .
sorry , now i see the small microphone icon and globe icon for setting the speech language ( keeping the globe pressed allows you to choose which languages to toggle back and forth between ) on the soft keyboard that comes up .
without having the android sdk/android development tools ( adt ) environment it would be useless to have the adb usb driver as matter of the fact that the adb usb drivers are used to connect to android devices only through the adb interface for development/debugging/root purpose . so as @bass has rightly said about the android sdk you need to have it installed from this android developer site . after you download the sdk you need to install the usb packages from the sdk manager ( if you are connecting nexus ) /from the oem site ( clueless about which make or device number you are trying to connect and different oem have their own debug driver 's ) for the debug usb drivers .
if it is showing the android composite adb interface , then the driver should already be installed . what happens if you type the below in the window 's command prompt ? it should show your device and serial number ( assuming the phone is hooked up with usb debugging enabled , and you are either running adb from the directory it is located in , or it is located within window 's preset path variable ) . adb devices
this booster probably deleted all the cache files from your phone and as a result you do not see the thumbnails of your previous photos . go to sdcard/DCIM/  and delete the . thumbnails folder and restart your phone . that should bring back your thumbnails .
yes , there is a way to do so in the mobile app . i am using facebook app version 1.8.1 on a motorola droid 3 . the process i did to set a picture as my profile picture was as follows : started facebook at the top left there was an icon with 3 horizontal dashes that brings up the different sections of facebook , i browsed down to the " photos " section under apps . i selected a photo out of my list of photos ( it would not let me select the option on anyone else 's photo ; so i assume it must be one uploaded into your account ) . i used my phone 's physical menu button to open the facebook menu . i hit the " more " arrow button to list more options in the menu . one of these extra options was to " make profile picture " it may be slightly different on your device ; however it is possible to do this in the latest facebook version on the desired photo .
for honeycomb you could go into pics on your phone and hit set as and facebook profile was an option . now that my phone has ics , it only gives me the option of setting as wallpaper or contact photo . with ics you can only set profile pic from pics already on facebook , but not upload from pics on phone . it is very annoying .
if you are streaming music via your wifi connection , you might wish to check your wifi settings , and there go to " advanced settings " . here is defined how wifi should behave when the phone goes to " standby " . the default usually is to disable wifi , so you might want to set it to be kept alive : wifi advanced settings and sleep policy while screens might look a little different depending on the device being used , these screenshots should help you identifying the settings : )
i suppose you prob got a new phone by now or fixed it . but if you say the "The new battery charged once successfully" you mean you were able to charge it only with the phone off ? if so , sounds like you might have had a short circuit somewhere near the battery 's usb port connection , and only occurs when a certain circuit is on due to the phone being on . or it could be just something is loose . . . hard to tell from the details given . what i would do is try and take it apart again and see if anything got damaged or loose around that area . gotta keep in mind these devices are very delicate and use low voltages . you gotta do fixes like this as if they were " surgery " and take all precautions , proper tools , etc . a bit of static electricity discharging from your hand or even damaging the track in the board somehow can cause big time damage . tiny transistors are easily damaged by static electricity so always wear a anti-static wriststrap when doing these repairs . let us know what happened ! ?
how about using a 3rd party file explorer such as es file explorer ? ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.estrongs.android.pop ) itallows you to select how a file can be opened . if it finds an unknown extension , it asks you if you would like to open the file as text/audio/video . . . i guess that would be what you are looking for .
a programming editor might solve your issue . take a look at e.g. 920 text editor or droidedit : 920 text editor and droidedit ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) both support at least syntax highlighting for several programming languages , and from the screenshot at least droidedit seems to be able to directly work with dropbox ( see the headline ) .
the dropbox app for android does not save files to a " folder " like the pc version does . android has stronger security and does not let apps access other apps ' files , so even if it did do that , the browser would not be able to read the image . when you choose to open a file that is listed in dropbox , the dropbox app creates a special uri that points to that one file . it uses an intent to start an activity to view that uri , and sets a special flag to say that the new activity ( in this case , the web browser ) has permission to access only that uri . that means that there is no path you can put in the html file that lets the browser read the image : it has dropbox 's permission to read only the file you clicked on . if you want to have a directory of html files and images that all load in the browser , you need to store it on the sd card ( rather than in one app 's data ) where any app can read and write any file . i do not believe the dropbox app has the feature of being able to sync directories on the sd card , but you could use another app to achieve that . for example , you could use an ftp client to sync the directory with one on an ftp server . the answers to this question have lots of suggestions for how to keep directories in sync with dropbox or another server .
i have dropbox installed on my moto droid v1 ( android os 2.2.2 ) . i placed an html file that referenced an image in a dropbox folder . the image was in a sub-folder . dropbox\folder\index . html dropbox\folder\img\image.jpg i first downloaded just the index . html and opened it in the htmlviewer . the image link is broken . i then downloaded the image.jpg file , then returned to index . html and viewed in htmlviewer . the image now appears properly . i am not sure if it has anything to do with it , but you may want to try switching your file extension to . html , and verify that the doctype of your file is set properly : &lt;!DOCTYPE html&gt; 
the consequences of disabling the ril daemon ( rild ) is hardware dependent . because ril is getting more and more involved in all aspects of radio related items , including wifi . the easiest way to stop ril is by killing rild . but you need to have a rooted device to do this . open a command shell and get root prompt ( # ) . # kill -9 `pidof rild`  you can then check the current status with : # getprop |grep init.svc.ril ... [init.svc.ril-daemon]: [stopped] [init.svc.ril-qmi]: [stopped]  to restart rild you have to point it to the right device and library files . you can find what these are with : # getprop | grep rild.lib ... [rild.libargs]: [-d /dev/smd0] [rild.libpath]: [/system/lib/libril-qc-qmi-1.so]  then restart with*: # rild -l /system/lib/libril-qc-qmi-1.so -- -d /dev/smd0  * ps . i have not actually tried this line , so feel free to edit this post . it is possible you also need to supply the correct se context to su as well . . .
i think any auto-update/notification settings relate to apps installed via the play store , not the play store itself . that is updated occasionally by google . you could try and force an update , if you are convinced one is available and that you are missing it , by going into the application manager and uninstalling updates for play store , then clear data , and clear cache , then running the app again and seeing if it forces the download of a newer version . ( incidentally , i have the s3 too , and am currently on v4.1.10 of the play store . which version are you on ? )
open your app drawer and jump to the widgets section . swipe until you get to " drive shortcut " . long-press and drop on your desktop . choose the account to use ( if necessary ) then select the document .
appbrain will show you who is searching for what . they even show broken down by country , age group and many other areas . you can see what is " hot today " or even this week or year . if you load the app on your phone it can make recommendations on what you may like based on what you currently have installed .
i do not know about feeds from the google market , but cyrket aggregates this sort of data .
there are two ways i think you can do this , in the android app , click on the layer selection and go to the my maps layer , where you should see your private maps . if you want to access your bookmarked address , from the main maps screen , click the menu button and choose the bookmarks option . ( not sure about bookmarks , i have a french ui , so it shows as ' favoris' )
many ways lead to rome : try a rom that specifically fixes your problems : i use an ics build , sandvold 's ics for desire which comes with 4 different app2sd methods included ( xda thread ) which i find rather stable . you can have a look over to xda 's desire forum , to search for more roms . use link2sd , create a 2nd ext2/ext3/ext4 partition that a choice of your apps get moved to ( manually ) and symlinked from /data/ to . see app on google play , official faq . cm7 also supports the standard move to sdcard method that you can also use ( and might already be aware of . downside : /data get 's full anyway really soon ) you could try to flash a different bootloader ( called hboot on desire , that has another partition layout . see alpharev for instructions and downloads , there is data++ with 180mb and cm7r2 with close to 300mb free for apps at the expense of shrinking other partitions ( /system , /cache/ , . . . ) . not every rom fits all of these though . warning : not for the faint hearted ! read about the risks !
there is a post on the cyanogenmod forum that explains how to solve the problem . i followed it and have had no more problems ! it boils down to this : use the rom manager to partition the sd card install s2e and use it to move the caches to the sd card
i was exactly like you but with cm7.2 i partitioned my sd and mounted it easily using terminal emulator writing only one line of on each boot and then quick reboot from link2sd then everything is completely fine that line is : mount -t ext2 /dev/block/mmcblk0p2 /data/sdext2 but before all that you should open link2sd and select the ext2 then reboot
the only real way to control these apps is to remove them . android does not provide any fine-grained settings to control the odd behaviors of individual apps .
if you are rooted , install autorun manager . make sure you have busybox installed and use Advanced Mode of autorun manager . it displays all receivers of an app as well as intents to which receivers are registered . from there , you can disable a receiver of an app , too . but , you had need pro version if you want to disable more than two receivers .
on android 4.0 at least , the " maps " app has a " my maps " layer . it will show you your saved maps . on older versions of android ( sorry , but i can not confirm this ) i think there is a separate " my maps " app .
you might have a too restrictive firewall , either in your wifi router or your tablet . try opening up the ports that gtalk needs and check that access to gtalk servers is not blocked .
if you are connected to google servers over your wifi connection the wifi bars in the status bar should be blue . if they bars are gray then you are not connected to the google servers . i have run into this issue on open wi-fi and on some corporate wi-fi networks with a firewall . the only solution i have found is to use a third party app like trillian . i can use trillian ( with my gtalk account ) to gtalk when i am not connected to the google servers .
it is android based , i tried same commands on moto droid and htc mytouch , both worked exactly the same .
i entered # #info# # on my captivate and got to the same menu . so , in the interest of adding to the list &#42 ; #&#42 ; #1472365#&#42 ; #&#42 ; gets you to the gps configuration menu ( not sure what word that works out to )
there are many that seem to be " standard " , but they can also be added by individual applications ( e . g . provider-installed ) . check out http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=540483 for a method to extract telephony codes from your installed apps .
sadly that is a limit of android kit-kat the " options " i see are : not to use mysms for sending via web , and have gosms as default sms app set mysms as default sms app , in order to send via web wait until and if in the future mysms support that feature ie . sending via sim without having the default privileges find an other app that may fit both of your needs . eg . a quite similar app is hola sms but it also needs to be default in order to work properly : ( on the other hand if you buy credits for it you can send web to sms with sender your phone number so nobody can understand that it is not a sim message . then setting it as default once in a while the messages will be synced and added to your phone .
i found a google mobile help forum thread reporting the same problem . a google employee suggested a fix : deleting and reinstalling all the installed dictionaries . this worked for me .
i am going to presume this was a side-loaded app with a potential malware payload , since you mention you cannot find it on google play store . first step is to see if the application can be prevented from uninstall because it has set itself up as a device administrator , sort of a protected app . see settings> security> device administrators , and deactivate both or either , if listed . you may need to provide a device administrator password to do so . then try to see if they will uninstall normally . if not a device administrator , you may still attempt to uninstall normally , just finding it in a different list , the " all " list . see settings> application manager> all ( far right column ) find the application ( s ) in the list . try to uninstall this way , or at the very least " disable " or " turn off " if those operations are possible . to prevent side-loading apps in the future , see settings> security> unknown sources , and uncheck .
try this : on the messaging app , ( without opening any thread ) , tap on the menu key and go to settings . scroll down to multimedia message ( mms ) settings section and turn off " auto-retrieve " next time you view the message , the message will display a download button . make sure your mobile data is on , and tap on the button . the image will be retrieved and displayed inline on galaxy s .
i believe this happens on very large playlists ( > 100 files ) . i use doubletwist to sync and my large playlist is always out of order in gpm no matter what i try . fortunately the dt music player does not appear to use the playlist after creating it ; but instead uses its own database for the order .
i have the same problem on my nexus 5 with kitkat 4.4.2 . i have around a 100 tracks probably a bit less and the sequence in most albums is wrong . tried to clear the app data to rebuild its database but the problem remains . so annoying , pity because i love this app 's ui ! i think this is just a bug that needs to be reported and made more evidentbfor them to fix it .
had the same issue for say 50-75 files and when i reported to the developer at the bottom they asked me to simply update the app . later in the next release this bug appeared again so i simply disabled the app and went for another player or another player .
i would suggest trying an app like audio manager . i have not tried it on ics myself .
touch sounds are controlled by your ringer and notification volume . torque it all the way up , and if it still is not loud enough , download power amp .
i would leave the phone in rice for the next 48 hours minimum before sending it away . that seems to be the trick as the phone is quite tight , and certain components may need more time before the moisture will evaporate . having opened a nexus 4 myself , i can attest to how tightly the plastic seals .
zoe is not used in any app aside from the htc camera app . the mobile banking app will have just basic access to the camera where it can take pictures and in some apps , toggle the flash . if it is not accepting your pictures , it may not be taking clear enough photos or the lighting may be insufficient . or it could be the app itself . you may wish to try better lighting and be sure to hold absolutely still when taking the pictures . if not , contact the developer of the app for assistance . as for turning zoe off , it is toggled on and off in the camera app with the button on the opposite side of the screen from the shutter/video button .
weatherbug ( free ) seems to meet your criteria . has nice widgets , multiple location support , and tons of weather stations . there is also a pay version ( weatherbug elite ) which removes ads and adds several additional features such as radar in motion and detailed hourly forecasts .
there is also the weather channel official app - which some users claim is more accurate than weatherbug . try both and see which suits you better .
i am not sure what device you have or whether you have rooted it so i will show you a few options . this should work for samsung devices that still have the sock file manager . http://www.tomshardware.com/faq/id-1772970/set-default-download-location-card.html this app will work if you have rooted your phone . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=frank.tools.defaultinstalllocationchangerhl=en if neither of those you should be able to do it this way but it may be a tad tricky if your not very tech savvy http://getandroidstuff.com/install-android-application-sd-card-mod-install-location/
you can go to settings-applications-preffered install location and change it from internal phone memory to sd card and yo apps will download just fine though if u remove the card , they will disappear . . . . the second option is quite long but its something to do with a software that allows you to allocate some of your memory card space to internal memory for example you allocate 5gb of your memory card to internal memory and then u will have plenty of space to download your apps . . . google about it
if it has been more than fifteen minutes of purchase , you cannot refund an app via an android device . [ well , you can but via the desktop version in a browser . ] go to the google play store , click the gear [ settings ] icon and select " my orders " you have the option of then requesting for a refund , even if the app was bought a year ago [ i have tried ] .
all of the details on refund/cancellations are here on the google play support site : you can do the following : within 15 minutes , open the google play app and click refund wait 2 hours and do not download the app . it will auto-cancel after 15 minutes , sign into google wallet , select the transaction and contact the seller . they have the option to refund or not at the sellers discretion .
if you open the play store on your android device and go to that app 's page within the refund period , a refund option is available to tap . i am not certain if this is available in the web version of the play store ( it is not , as far as i can tell ) .
you need to flash this google apps ( gapps ) from this site here . installing just one apk for play store will not suffice and will fail as it has dependencies on other components that makes up gapps .
you must install busybox on your device . and you need a kernel with loopdevice support . i use a 2.6.35.7 kernel and i can run debian . you may have a armv6 cpu then ubuntu does not work .
it may be because you live in israel . try using market enabler to circumvent that problem and see if it'll show in the market for you then .
( btw , i also can not find it on the google market ) if you cannot find an application in the market , this means the application is not compatible with your device . appbrain cannot install applications that you cannot find from the market , since in the appbrain installation , you are brought to the market to install your application ( appbrain is application discovery service , not alternative market ) . are you possibly using android 2.1 , which does not have the cloud-to-device messaging api , and therefore cannot use chrome to phone ? or possibly you have multiple phones linked to your appbrain account ?
this happens a lot to me . i wish i had a more technical answer but it seems like the compass needs to be reset and shaking it hard for a few seconds usually resets mine . i have had to shake it , reboot , and reopen the app and it comes back fine .
have you tried calibrating the compass ? settings-> location and security-> calibrate compass
hold the phone flat and make a figure 8 , do this a few times . these are the instructions found in this app : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.apksoftware.compass
upgrading to gingerbread ( android 2.3 ) resolves this issue .
i would highly suggest zedge for awesome ringtones ! everyone in my family has been using it for quite a while , and finding some pretty sweet stuff : ) they have ringtones in the following categories :
you can try also myxer , which allows you to create your own ringtone from lots of songs . their website also has many things , such as wallpapers , mp3s , ringtones and more .
i have installed go keyboard and deactivated the phone 's default autocorrect and spell checker . this seems to have solved the autocorrect dictionary problem , and i am happy . seems to be an issue with the factory software from huawei . . . maybe . dunno .
an . apk is simply a . zip file . but unfortunatedly any app build for ' release ' will probably be protected by proguard .
even if proguard was used you still can get some interesting insights . here is a stackoverflow question with a detailed explanation : android : getting source code from an apk file . youtube video with a detailed guide . and a blog entry about that : how to retrieve source code from an android apk file .
if you get lucky and your .apk file was not protected by proguard or analog , you can use apk tool . it is a tool for reverse engineering 3rd party , closed , binary android apps .
you do not need to do anything . every device using google backup with the same google account keeps its own separate set of data . when you sign into your google account for the first time after a factory-reset , the device will look through all the backup sets and try to pick the most recent one from the same device . it'll restore from that set of data , and use that to create a new backup set . only if you sign in on a completely new device that you have not used before ( not even before a factory-reset ) will it choose a set from a different device : in that case , the most recently backed-up set . so , you can leave your galaxy nexus backing up to its own set , and your galaxy s5 backing up to its own set . if you factory-reset one of them , it'll restore the apps and data from the same device . for a much more complete explanation of how google backup keeps track of different sets of backed-up data , see my answer to google backup : multiple devices using the same account - what happens on restore ?
you should " root " your nexus to gain superuser privileges , that way you can delete all unnecessary apps and data that does not correspond with its new uses as a mobile streaming media device . http://lifehacker.com/5886876/how-to-root-the-samsung-galaxy-nexus if you are unsure what an app does , before you delete it you can google the app name and find out its function . it would be better to save the app or file to your computer instead of deletion in case you need it its easily retrievable .
you need another android phone . you can either : restore your colornote 's tibackup on another phone install colornote on another android phone and view one of your backups ( go to settings-> sdcard backup , then choose one and ' view ' it ) colornote 's backup is in /sdcard/data/colornote/ ( if you need to copy it to your new phone )
to restore your notes from sd card which were backed up using colornote 's backup to sd card functionality you can try this . install colornote app and then go to Backup select SD Card Backup . see if your earlier backups from sd card are listed there . if they are , select the one and your notes will be restored . i have tried this using the same sd card , in your case you have a backup of it so i am not sure but i guess it should work . let me know how it helps .
hi i found the answer to lot 's of peoples problems on restoring colornote files . transfering from one mobile to another , i tried everything but like most people i could see them on the phone 's sd card but i could not read the files , this is how i managed . if you have files backed up to an external hdd copy the colornote data folder to the phone 's sd card , open colornote go to settings and sign out of online sync ( this is the secret ) , while in settings go to sd card back up and select the first one of your file 's when you select the file it gives the option to restore . hit restore and all your files will then show in colornote . if any files are locked it will require that you enter the password i just used the same as used on my old phone and i could then open and read the files .
it is easy to restore colornote backup files from pc : connect you android phone ( or tablet ) in mtp mode open connected android phone folder on your pc locate " data/colornote/backup " folder on the android device and copy your backup files to that folder open colornote on your android device and go to backup , select sd card backup , touch the saved backup data and restore it . if your android has a sd card , you could just plug the card into pc and copy the files . on my colornote versions , the backup restore deletes previous files .
you can install android emulator ( such as www.bluestacks.com/ ) install there colornote and send notes to email or save them to a file .
in my case the program had problem finding my backup after upgrading from android 2.3 to 4.2 . the backups were in sdcard1/data/colornote/backup and i needed to copy them to external_sd/data/colornote/backup for the program to find them .
the usb standard only specifies a rather low charging rate ( 0.5 amps ) , but there are well-accepted ways for devices to get a higher rate ( by negotiating with the host ) . see how much power does a galaxy tab 10.1 charger need to supply ? for more details ( of course the specifics about the galaxy tab probably will not apply to your phone , but the general background info probably will ) . if your tablet came with a special usb adapter , try using that to see if it charges faster . as sagar notes , turning as much stuff or putting the tablet in sleep mode will help recharge rates .
put your device to sleep mode for faster charging . check o/p voltage and current of your adapter ( charger ) and use higher o/p current adapter ( this option might produce more heat while charging so could damage your device , proper cooling while charging expected )
they are included in android . the correct settings are determined by your sim mcc and mnc ( mobile country code and mobile network code ) . if you want , you can view the list of preset apns by looking at the source code , for example at android-source-browsing . the file name in this case is /etc/apns-full-conf . xml , but apparently it varies .
next to the pre-configured settings from /etc/apns-full-conf.xml as described in onik 's answer , some providers offer to send you so-called " service sms " for an automated configuration . opinions on those are quite confusing : some say those do not work on android or ios devices , and you had have to enter apn data manually ( e . g . simyo in germany ) , while others even let you select your device in advance to send you a tailored service sms ( e . g . t-mobile gernamy , where i selected an sgs3 and then was asked to enter my phone number to receive the sms ; or base germany , which is the same provider/network as simyo ; one might say that is due to the fact that simyo is a discounter brand ) . i am with mentioned provider named base ( belonging to the e-plus group ) . when i got my new optimus 4x , inserted the sim , and started it , i immediately got 3 service-sms , which were " executed " on my device . i unfortunately did not check the configuration before , so i cannot say what effect they had ( if any ) -- but at least i have got no error messages , and everything was working fine . edit : comments from onik ( on his answer ) and compro01 ( here , see below ) indicate : whether those " service sms " do work or not , might well depend on the ( device and ) rom used .
the upgrading to 10.2 from 10.1 page links to a flashable zip with the photosphere enabled camera app . that link appears to currently be broken . here is a working link . after flashing , the camera app has the ability to take photospheres .
deriving from the link given in comments : answer by richard you are not able to play the high resolution videos in your mobile . your device should be able to handle videos up to 640*360 , this is the resolution of hq youtube . note that there is absolutely no point in watching hd videos on your phone . it has a screen resolution of 240 x 320 . anything above this will be scaled down to fit the screen . comment by ce4 in general , hd videos need to be decoded by a specialized companion chip ( h264 decoder ) because the cpu is not powerful enough . for price reasons , only a subset of h264 's features may be supported leaving you without hd support
just install mx player on your android phone . then , you can play any video format on your samsung galaxy y duos .
try mx player from google play . it can play almost all the video formats in my samsung galaxy y duos . review
this feature is not built into android , but there is an app - desksms , that allows you to do what you are asking . it does , however , require the use of a browser plugin .
you might want to take a look at e.g. airdroid , which offers a little more than just sms stuff : this app establishes a service on your android device , and you can connect to it via your favorite web browser : manage your files , contacts , sms , and more . no special client-soft necessary on your pc ( except for the web browser ) . if you want something more close to your nokia suite experience , take a look at myphoneexplorer client : here you need a special pc component ( available for download on the developers homepage ) . but then you can synchronize lots of things with your pc ( windows only ! ) , like e.g. your calendar with outlook etc .
sorry i am a bit late to the conversation . you could checkout popmyphone on the google play store . it sends/receives sms through your email , and works if your phone only has3g . if you receive an sms it will popup in your email system on your desktop/laptop/tablet . you can reply and the sms goes from your gs2 . search for popmyphone . there is nothing you need to install on your desktop/laptop/tablet or anything else that can receive email . disclosure : i am affiliated to the people who develop popmyphone
not sure if you are still looking for a better solution . but i recommend to try mysms . it is the best that i found ( and i tried desksms , airdroid , browsertexting and mightytext ) , and i am using it for a while now . it replaces your stock sms app on your galaxy sii and lets you text from your pc at app.mysms.com. messages are synced across your phone and computer . until now the app has never let me down ! if you also use a tablet , they have also an app for it .
i got it : we need to copy those SDK Manager.exe and AVD Manager.exe to the sdk root folder , i needed to copy them to C:\android-sdk\ , this is because , SDK Manager.exe and AVD Manager.exe are looking for tools .
it is because it is looking for a relative path from the . . . /sdk/tools/lib/ folder , as that is where you are running the exe from . i have not run windows in a while , so bear with me , but if you open a command line , navigate to the . . . /sdk folder , then run the sdk manager from there by typing tools/lib/SDK Manager.exe  i suspect it will work . for easier access , you can create a shortcut to the sdk manager on the desktop , open the properties of the shortcut and change the ' start directory ' ( ? ) to the base . . . /sdk folder . let me know if this does not work .
i was able to blacklist the messages by pressing and holding over the " conversation " in the list and selecting " add to blacklist . " this removed the messages and i have not gotten any new nag messages from them since .
i am pretty sure this will work but i can not test it fully because i never updated go sms to the " nagging " new version after reading all the complaints in the reviews . . . you have to be rooted . if you are , install root firewall free and block internet traffic for go sms . i do not get those nagging reminders but i tried it and i was still able to send and receive sms messages but i could not use features that use the internet like the go chat . if you want to download a new theme or use one of the data dependent service periodically you can just toggle the block off from the firewall app and put it back on when you are done . obviously this will not help you if you use those data dependent extra services regularly . alternatively , if you are not rooted you can revert back to version 4.56 of go sms . you can download this version directly on the go sms website . this is the version i have and i do not get any of those annoying nags . when i started typing this answer i did not think they had post past version but now that i see that they do i would say this is probably the better option .
i just texted " stop " to the message and got a reply back stating " got it , thanks " . all done .
looks like this is a pretty common problem . one of the comments in the second link says that you need to change /sdcard to /mnt/sdcard . apparently android 2.2 changed the way the sdcard is mounted and the error you are receiving comes from /sdcard being a symbolic link in 2.2 rather than an absolute path . http://code.google.com/p/swiftp/issues/detail?id=86 http://code.google.com/p/swiftp/updates/list
a bit more playing around led me to a ( if not the ) solution . i found an " enable headset buttons " check box in meridian , which prompted me to dig further into beyondpod , where a found a similar setting . everything works as i would like now . i have since gone back and checked a couple of things though , which are not quite as i expected . i thought if you re-enabled the controls within one app , it might disable the other . this is not quite what happened . when i re-enabled meridian , it responded to the controls , although beyondpod still showed it as supposedly responding , which it did not . once i would disabled meridian again , i had to go back into beyondpod , disable and re-enable it is control in order to have it respond again . my main gripe was that if i were listening a podcast , and bumped the headphone controls , the music would start playing over the top of my podcast audio . while it may be a cute multi-tasking demo , it is not a particularly practical use of this feature , imh ( bc ) o .
yes , flashing a custom rom will void your warranty . however , it is very simple to revert to the stock rom with a galaxy s for warranty purposes . rooting will also void your warranty , but the method below does not require root . the easiest way to a get a new os for a galaxy s is to use odin for windows ( download here . search for " heimdall " if you want to do this on linux ) . you just need an odin-flashable rom . for the galaxy s vibrant , i highly recommend the rom i currently use , bionix v1.3.1 , which has a touchwiz-free version . i assume you have a gt-i9000 however ; you should look for one that suits your purposes in xda 's i9000 android development forum . edit : according to this post , the only completely touchwiz-free rom is cyanogenmod , which is unstable/buggy . so if you do not want cm and just want to replace the launcher , you can do that without flashing another rom as amanda says in her answer . otherwise you can continue with the instructions below for using odin . once you have the rom , do the following : put your phone into download mode remove the battery if non-i9000 , attach the phone to your pc via usb . hold volumedown plus either the home key ( i9000 ) or volumeup ( non-i9000 ) and the power button reinsert the battery . let go of the power button only about 1 second after the white device logo appears ( if it does ) after a few seconds a yellow triangle with an android in it should appear , you can let go of the keys since this is download mode . start up odin . if non-i9000 , detatch your phone from usb . attach the phone to usb so that odin recognizes it . load the . zip file you downloaded ( the custom rom ) into the pda field of odin . load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin . check " re-partition " . hit start . odin will tell you when it is done ; if it fails , reboot your phone and try again . ( this happens occasionally ) . note that if you need to back anything up , you should do that beforehand and save the backup to your pc , since everything ( except probably the external sd card ) will be wiped on the phone . also note that you do this at your own risk ; odin is very powerful and misusing it can damage your phone . i have used it dozens of times myself safely .
in order to replace the os there are a few steps that must be taken . i do not have a samsung galaxy s phone nor do i know how locked down it is . at this time , i do know that the sgs is not available on cyanogenmod yet ( popular stock-ish android os rom ) . in general , the steps for any phone would be : root the phone ( varies by phone ) download rom manager flash a recovery such as clockwork recovery make a backup of the phone 's original rom with nandroid use rom manager to download a rom , such a cyanogenmod flash the rom with rom manager . some phones it is not possible to flash a rom because of a locked bootloader . most motorola droid phones except for the original droid and xoom have this problem . however , as already mentioned , you can still replace the home launcher with another such as launcherpro , adw or numerous others .
i am not familiar with the samsung galaxy , but in general if you want to install an aftermarket os you need to root your phone and in general rooting your phone will void the warranty . do you have other reasons for wanting to change the os or is it really just touchwiz ? according to this xda post , the only touchwiz-free rom is cyanogenmod . it is very unstable on the galaxy s though . however , you can install a different launcher such as launcherpro . touchwiz will still be on the phone , but just in the background , so you can have a more " stock android " experience by using another launcher . i hope i have answered your intial question . do not hesitate to ask new questions about how to go about disabling touchwiz if you do opt to go that route .
quick answer : yes it is possible to get a nearly stock android on your galaxy s . i just flashed gingerbread to my galaxy s last week or so . you can find any relevant information here : http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/17020-all-models-cyanogenmod-7-for-samsung-galaxy-s-phones-experimental/ contrary to what is written in the first post i would actually say that it is already pretty stable for a rom which is described as ' experimental ' . since i installed it i cannot remember of any system crash or similar . ( which does not mean that it will not destroy your phone . ) there are some missing features/bugs though . notably : radio , frontfacing camera . another funny bug is that your data connection only works after you lock and unlock your phone . ( you have to do this once it boots so it is not a big deal . ) and oh , gingerbread is awesome . edit : if you are on linux you can use heimdall instead of odin .
i think you should try mail alert in the market ! it s a pager , where you can choose the ringtone / vibration / visual notification according to various filters such as from / subject / cc fields etc . for imap account , you can choose the folder to be checked , which seems to be your need if you created a folder by account .
by consolidating , i am going to assume that you are having gmail do a pop download of those other email accounts and bring them into your gmail inbox . if that is what you are doing , then i think the easiest way to have those accounts not notify you is to have them skip your inbox entirely and have a separate label applied to them . in your gmail settings , under " accounts and import " --> check mail using pop3 , you will have your accounts that you are downloading . for each account you do not want to be notified , use the " edit info " button , and set the account to be labeled , and to " archive incoming messages ( skip the inbox ) " .
i would suggest trying priority inbox , which can notify , vibrate , or ring on just your new important mail . switch to using the gmail app , instead of the standard email app . then go to Menu > Settings > Priority Inbox . additionally , mail filtering is a more " hands on " solution for this problem that both complements priority mail , and helps resolve the issue when using other email applications . for instance , in my gmail settings i created a filter for incoming mail addressed to one of my aliases . i set that mail to Never mark as important , Skip Inbox and apply a label . when email addressed to that alias arrives , i am not notified . but i can use that label to go back and read that mail at my leisure . the same can be done for your mailing list accounts , using the list: search parameter . gmail provides a few other useful search parameters such as has:circle and has:attachment .
i do this with multiple gmail accounts . load the email account that you want to skip notifications . click menu , then find settings . uncheck the box labeled " email notifications " . that account will no longer sound a notification , nor show up in the notification bar . you can still browse and read all email just like you would expect .
enotify from verietas provides this exact capability . it lets you create alerts that match various rules . one of the available rules is the account . so you can play sound x if from your gmail account . play sound y if from your yahoo account . but it lets you do so much more than that . . . you can play different sounds based on the sender and subject and all sorts . . . there a free lite version too if you want to check it out . cheers .
i would simply turn off email sync for those accounts specifically . you can do that by going to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync , selecting the account , and unchecking sync gmail . you can still check mail manually through the gmail app , of course . edit : the newest version ( 2.3.5 ) of gmail now supports turning off alerts for particular gmail accounts .
you could try to use a third party emulator which by my experience , works very well . i am not going to tell you that it will not lag from time to time , but take the trial and you will see how much better this emulator runs . it is not a free application , but it is not expensive either . you can find it at youwave android emulator . give the trial a try and get back to us ; )
the emulator is slow because it is an qemu that emulates a whole different cpu architecture as it is used by consumer pcs : arm ( vs . x86 ( _64 ) on your pc ) this means that every cpu instruction on the emulator 's arm cpu has to be emulated , which is per se slow . also the emulator is afaik single-threaded . this means that speed-up can only be achieved by fast cpus cores - multi-cores will not help here - and a reasonable amount of ram .
honeycomb ( 3.0 ) is notoriously slow in the emulator . you could try to get most of your functionality working for the phone first , to minimize using honeycomb . there are some bios settings to enable virtualization support in your cpu . i think turning these on may speed up the emulator , but i am not sure . ( the exact names for your system i do not know , but they will have " virtualization " or " vt-x " or something in the name . you could also try dedicating a processor to the emulator . you can change the " processor affinity " for processes in windows using task manager . if you change it so that your emulator prefers one processor and your other main tasks ( like eclipse ) avoid that processor , you may see some gains . if your processor is hyperthreaded , make sure that you treat the two virtual cores as one core and assign the emulator to prefer both virtual cores . ( finding the processes may be easier with processexplorer because you can click the target button and then click a window and it shows you the process for that window . ) update : see the using hardware acceleration section on the android docs to see how to use your gpu and virtualization support in your cpu to speed up the emulator .
short answer yes . it should act exactly like having a second browser . . . until you set it as your default android should prompt you to pick what client you want to use . if you choose k9 as your default and then delete it android will be smart enough to revert back to the default client .
when you first install an application that can handle the same intent as another application install ( for the sake of this example , let 's say a home launcher , but this works for any similar apps ) , then the first time you had press the home button ( which calls an intent to go to the home screen , which you now have 2 apps that could handle it ) , you will get a selection screen of applications that can fulfill that intent and you will have the option to set one of them as default . if set an application as default and you no longer wish to use that application as default you can either uninstall the application or you can go to settings --> applications --> manage apps --> go to the app in particular --> and click on " clear defaults " . this will reset the default application for that intent , so the next time you had press the home button you would again get a selection of home launchers to choose from .
one svn app is available in google play . but i think it can work as svn client only , i have not tried it though .
have you tried the " apollo music player"-app by the cyanogenmod team ? as far as i know you cannot read and play music from the external memory if the application is not able to . so you will not fix it by installing the app on the external sdcard . the appolo music player is : free great equalizer high quality this cannot be downloaded from the google market , but you might grab it from xda ( just be sure to enable to permit installing from unknown sources ) : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2196385
sounds like there is something funny with either your usb cable , the charger or the socket on your phone that is causing it to detect it as a full pc connection , rather than just a dumb charger . you should be able to get rid of that prompt for the moment by going into settings -> wireless and network -> usb settings and selecting the mass storage mode rather than the samsung kies mode . however you really ought to try with another charger and cable to see if that fixes the actual problem , pure-charger cables should not be detected as a pc , the signal on the cable is different and the phone should detect that .
go to settings > applications > development > and check usb debugging after that if you connect your s2 to a pc it will connect in usb mode and you will not get the kies application popup .
they seem to have removed this option completely for s4 active . one keeps wondering why samsung chose to use kies , which slows down file transfer substantially and , moreover , may do weird things like changing the photo date of image files when moved across the device 's folders . . .
emails should not be stored on the sd-card , but if they are then they can be easily extracted . i would say that your emails on the device are not safe . i would recommend an app like webroot mobile security . you can wipe all your data or locate your phone with this app . there are other apps just like it . this is the best bet to keeping your data safe unless you are a spy then the only way to get ride of your data is through burning the phone .
by default email will be stored in the phone 's internal memory , not on the sd card . ( though you can ' move ' the app to sd storage , so it is possible that the sd card gets used ) . as others have said , once your mail is on the sd card , there is no protection as the sd card is removable ( since the data is unencrypted ) . for mail that is stored in the phone 's built-in memory , an attacker would have to unlock the phone to get the data . either directly through the mail app once unlocked , or to put the phone into " usb disk mode " to read the phone 's state from a usb-attached computer . ( a really sophisticated attacker could probably disassemble your phone and wire the flash to a custom reader , by passing the phone lock and read your unencrypted emails off of the flash . ) note that the exchange connection allows the exchange server to send a command to wipe your device . ( i believe this is contingent on some setup by the exchange admin . ) in the web ui for my exchange email server , there is an option to list authorized devices and to wipe them remotely . of course , the phone needs to be on a network to receive this command , so an attacker could delay this command by preventing the phone from using its networks .
from a quick search of the market , only northern bank has anything obvious in there at the moment , and they are not quite one of the really big uk high st banks . ( barclays have a couple of apps but they are all related to their marketing/sponsorship nothing to do with personal accounts ) .
app bar widgets just what you are looking for .
there is a recent apps widget available on google play .
i made a free widget to do this , you can get it from the play store here .
here you go . just move the icon to your homepage as a shortcut and you are good to go : ) morerecent via droidforums . net
summing up from the comments , and adding a little . directory structure there is no complete documentation for the entire cards structure , that seems not to be fixed . however , some directories seem to be more or less common : the developers guide suggests app specific data should be stored below /sdcard/Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt;/files/ ( &lt;package_name&gt; represending the name of the package the data belongs to , which looks like com.example.android.app ) , and /Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt;/cache/ for external cache files ( basically , this corresponds to the /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt;/ directory on internal storage ) same source recommends a bunch of directories to store files intended to be shared among apps . all of those directories are located in the root of the card , and include : Music/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as user music . Podcasts/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a podcast . Ringtones/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a ringtone . Alarms/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as an alarm sound . Notifications/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a notification sound . Pictures/ - all photos ( excluding those taken with the camera ) . Movies/ - all movies ( excluding those taken with the camcorder ) . Download/ - miscellaneous downloads . excluding directories from media scan if you wish to exclude a directory from the media scan ( i.e. . from being indexed for the gallery ) , you can place a file named .nomedia there . this will tell the media scanner to skip this directory ( including all files and subdirectories ) from a scan -- thus neither images , nor audio or video files stored here will turn up in the gallery . you however can still access them by looking them up manually . up to my knowledge , there is no way to restrict this to a certain media type ( i.e. . having the media scanner index audio/video , but skip images ) . important : note the " dot " at the beginning of the file name ( making it a " hidden file" ) . this must be included with its name .
unless you have a previous backup , there is no easy way to recover them . use handcent or gosms - they have in-built scheduling to backup sms to your sd card or to send the backup to an email mailbox you specify .
spoiler : the following does only work on rooted devices ! if they are already gone , in most cases it is too late . however , some chances are left if your device is rooted -- but they are not that easy to achieve : you would need a complete ( physical ) file system copy from your internal storage , and pull that to your workstation . once you have achieved that , you can use a process called file carving to get hold of even deleted files . this might get especially tricky as most devices use yaffs2 for their internal storage -- a file system rarely used on any workstation . some file carving software solutions include : scalpel available for linux ( prefered ) , mac os x , windows foremost linux ; can also work on images created with dd -- so if you were able to create such on your device , the yaffs2 barrier is gone ) testdisk supports a lot of operating systems concerning this special case ( especially with yaffs2 ) , i would say the best approach would be to go with a dd image and foremost . as on yaffs2 things are not that lightly " deleted or wiped " ( to prolong the life of nand-flash , " stuff " is rather marked deleted and only overwritten when that storage block is needed to store new data ) , chances are quite good to recover " stuff " . not everybody 's easiest way , i know -- but there is no " easy solution " i could see .
Settings -&gt; Wireless and Network -&gt; WiFi Settings , hit the menu button , and choose advanced . however , it appears this does not support user authentication . i can not find a solution online , either : ( . the question i marked as a duplicate may be of some assistance , though your version of android may be too old for any of this .
unfortunately not , except perhaps a different chat application that can interface with google talk . talk uses the timestamp of the sender to order the messages , using the assumption that cellphones on a cell network will have a consistently accurate clock . it is likely that a different chat application ( such as imo or trillian ) which interfaces with google chat will display these messages differently ; i do not use multi-protocol chat applications , or change my clock , so i cannot confirm that this will solve your problem ; i remain rather confident it will however .
check the time zone you have set in Settings-&gt;Date and time and make sure that it is correct . i had the same problem on my samsung phone and this fixed it .
looks like google has released a new version of authenticator ( as of march 21 , 2012 ) under a new package name : com.google.android.apps.authenticator2 . old version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.authenticator new version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.authenticator2 different package names means that you can have them both installed simultaneously , but my guess is that google will eventually remove the old version from the play store . installing authenticator 2 without uninstalling authenticator allows authenticator 2 to import your currently configured sites . i have read a few posts from people claiming that google lost their signing key , and this why they have to release a new app under a new package name . i want to emphasize that there is no evidence to support this claim . while it is true that signing keys cannot be changed with app updates and therefore require a completely new app/package name , a more plausible explanation could be that google wants to integrate authenticator more tightly ( e . g . , shared uids , signature permissions ) with other apps ( see below ) . additional info for those interested : the signing key used on the old version of google authenticator ( sha1 fingerprint : 24:BB:24:C0:5E:47:E0:AE:FA:68:A5:8A:76:61:79:D9:B6:13:A6:00 ) is also used to sign : scoreboard , goggles , finance , google voice , shopper , transalte , chrometophone , earth , reader , and a few others . the signing key used on the new version of google authenticator ( sha1 fingerprint : 38:91:8A:45:3D:07:19:93:54:F8:B1:9A:F0:5E:C6:56:2C:ED:57:88 ) is used to sign : google maps , google play store , gmail , google+ , google chrome and google music . update : google has put up a blog post talking about the new up as well as the upgrade procedure .
android by default does not allow secondary users ( restricted profiles ) to install apps from Unknown Sources . but , under Application and Content restriction for the particular user , you can enable specific menu in Settings menu . you can check whether Unknown Sources can be enabled .
if you are only interested in looking at http requests , then it is possible to do that by installing a web proxy and configuring android to use it . however , that is not completely reliable , as not all apps respect the central proxy settings : firefox is an example of an app that does not . a web proxy does not require root , but the user has to set it up by hand : you can configure it automatically only if you have root . if that were not the case it would be a bit of a security problem in android : a normal app could eavesdrop or otherwise interfere with other apps ' network communication . of course , even for real packet sniffing , you only need to root the device if you want to install the sniffer on the device . to see the device 's network traffic , it is much easier and more convenient to install a sniffer on a desktop linux machine acting as a ( wi-fi ) router .
if you have a compromised kernel , then it does not matter whether you have root or not . packet sniffing app goes through the kernel 's public interface for sniffing packets , which is why they are subject to security restrictions ; a compromised kernel can simply bypass all that and read the packets directly from the kernel internal data structure or directly from the hardware . kernel code runs under supervisor mode which gives them direct access to the hardware including being able to read any parts of memory of any program running on the system . if it is a branded phone that had been customized by your telco , they build the device image for your device , including the kernel image . in non-branded phone , it is similar situation except it is with the manufacturer . additionally , manufacturers can also install malicious hardware .
since both sets of instructions you link to consist of running some closed-source software that interacts with your phone through the debug interface , only the authors of those programs can tell you precisely what they do . as ce4 says in his comment , the one on the xda-developers website exploits a vulnerability : that is , a defect in the phone 's software . the defect lets a program run as root on the phone , and this software uses that to install a program permanently so that it always runs as root . the other software could be doing anything . if it works for your phone , it probably exploits the same vulnerability , but only the author can tell you for sure .
i would use the motochopper exploit from the first thread . the exploit is from dan rosenberg ( djrbliss on xda ) , a known security researcher who has published some android root exploits so far . if the exploit does not work , there is no harm it can inflict . if it does work , harm can only be done while persisting the root access but i have not seen any problems with that ( either it does not work at all or it just works ) . the second alternative seems to be a streamlined free/paid service that is probably probing your device and it will eventually use the same motochopper exploit from the first thread . background info : announcement on xda exploit : http://vulnfactory.org/public/motochopper.zip
i do not think it is possible to re-lock the bootloader of a atrix 4g . you should read this too
if you want the timeout increased permanently , you can use the hint given in troniczomb 's answer . but keep in mind that display is one one the heaviest battery consumers -- so if you often forget to turn off your display manually , your battery might last much shorter . a more intelligent approach would be using some automation software like e.g. tasker or llama , and have your display timeout set according to your situation . i use e.g. tasker for that : when one of my reading apps ( rss , ebook , web ) runs in foreground , tasker increases the display timeout to 3 minutes . as soon as i exit them ( another app or the homescreen comes to foreground ) , display timeout is reset to 30 seconds . of course you can adjust those values to your needs . as a side effect , you will be able to automate a lot of additional stuff . for me , tasker e.g. automatically activates gps when i start some related app , and deactivates it afterwards ( on 4.2 , this will require your device to be rooted ) . it also switches wifi off when i left home ( and turns it back on when i return ) , and adjusts ringer/audio volumes when i am in the office , plus more .
go to settings -> display -> sleep , and you can change the time out requirement from there .
the old reader 's website has a list of apps that are known to use its api . the only android app currently listed is : listener launcher which is an alternative launcher , so probably does more than you want . however a quick search of the play store for " the old reader " comes up with : the old reader ( unofficial ) app , and the greader ( free version ) ( paid version ) app both of which claim to sync with the old reader , amongst other services .
it depends . if an application uses features present in android 2.3 , then it will not work on 2.2 or lower . if it only uses features present in older versions , then it will work on those older versions . for example , an app written for 2.1 ( i.e. . , an app that only uses features from 2.1 or lower ) will work on 2.1 , 2.2 , 2.3 , 3.0 , and 3.1 ( and any future versions , unless google changes how things work ) .
internally android uses so called api levels to distinguish between the various android versions . an app records two ( actually three , but this does not matter here ) api levels within it is manifest : minSdkVersion targetSdkVersion these levels can differ when , for example , the app uses a feature of a higher api level only optionally . e.g. the access to the front facing camera came with 2.3.3 . if the app runs on a older version ( api level ) it can only access the rear camera . but the app will be installable and runnable . so yes , if a app is written for a higher android version it could run on a lower , but only if the app developer took care of that .
can i install anything that runs on ubuntu ? no , you can install anything , but it may not work . you need to find packages and programs matching your hardware architecture . for example , in common case programs compiled for x86 architecture will not run at all on your smartphone , because phone has different cpu type - usually arm7 .
ubuntu running on one computer is really no different from ubuntu running on another computer , whether one of the computers is called a " phone " or not :p things to consider for your applications : does this application rely on specific video libraries ? no existing android phone has an ati video chip , for example , as far as i am aware . does this application rely on specific input methods or other hardware ? not all android devices support peripherals . of course , most have bluetooth so ubuntu should be able to manage a bluetooth keyboard , for example , but i am not sure whether a phone 's bluetooth stack could be so different as to not work in ubuntu . does this application rely on the x86 architecture ? most ( all ? ) android devices use the arm architecture . i would suspect that emacs would be fine if you compiled it for the chipset of whatever device you used . ruby might be more complicated -- maybe it relies on specific x86 instructions , i have not really studied how interpreted languages work in that regard -- but maybe not . you are making me want to try ubuntu on my phone so i can better answer these questions :p
i have seen openoffice . org running on debian on an openmoko freerunner . that does not mean it was a good idea , but i have seen it done . : ) if there is an arm build of a package , you should be able to get it to at least run . the limitations is that things may not always be supported by free software - even the venerable dream ( g1 ) has binary drivers . there are projects reverse-engineering these drivers ( as of this writing , the ril has been reversed and gps ( not agps ) works . )
by doing a factory reset and formatting the sd cards , i would say that it is safe enough to sell . if you want to be perfectly sure , flashing the original rom with option of wiping the cache will make the phone as good as you got it when you purchased . of course , still you have to format the sd card in that case as well . to know how to flash the original rom for you lg optimus gt540 , you can visit this page , which has a step by step instructions about this process . you should be able to find similar such page for your other samsung device just with google search . update : i found this web page , which explains about to how to downgrade i5800 to 2.1 . by that process you can get the original rom ( watch out for the region ) and safely sell .
your problem is due to errors related to htc sync , windows 7 and adobe air . there is a bug opened on adobe site : https://bugbase.adobe.com/index.cfm?event=bugid=2966976 the workaround should be to downgrade adobe air to 2.6 . xxx version . you can download it here . upgrading to adobe air 3.0.0.3880 rc1 did not worked for me .
the solution is to install program wake lock and set the setting to PARTIAL_WAKE_LOCK . this keep necessary power for sd card even if of charger and with disabled display . it obviously cause a bit more battery consumption , but far less then constant sd card remounting . no root needed .
this post helped me : since firmware version 4.1 ( jelly bean ) , the memory became partitioned : roughly 2gb for apps , the rest became mass storage . the problem did not exist in ics or earlier . to free up some space , dial *#9900# in standard dialer ( called phone ) and select option 2 " delete dumpstate/logcat " in the prompted menu as for making more than 2gbs available for applications , here 's an instruction on re-flashing firmware which re-partitions internal storage , allowing up to 12gbs of internal storage for applications .
what my friend is implying is that the applications you have on your samsung , are eating up your internal memory . what you need is to get the applications running from your external sd card . in all android devices there is an amount of the memory assigned to run your android system just like in a computer there is a storage for your os . this storage should be about 2gb , or less . . . . now , your samsung 's memory is divided into three main parts , that is system storage , usb storage and sd card ( external sd card ) try going to your task manager and checking the available memory . also , try moving the apps to run on sd card ( external ) using appsmgriii , hope it works . otherwise if the memory continues to be as little as you imply , your s2 will start getting slower . goodluck .
a quick and easy way to free up some space is sd maid . it is a free software and is available on the android market . sometimes log files take a lot of this internal space . but i believe even ~200mb should be more than enough to get new apps . have you tried writing to the internal storage yourself or check if apps can write to it ? this is easy to do if you have a rooted phone and you can use any file manager to create a file on it . i suspect that your phone is accidentally detecting your internal storage as read only and this is what is causing the issue . i have seen the same happen for external sd cards before but not for internal storage .
the samsung galaxy sii is an older device which does not use the mtp protocol and so , applications ' storage and internal storage is separated . newer devices share the full internal storage seemingly . if you in need of storage space for apps , you may look at some root options such as : app2sd applications that enable you to transfer your applications to the internal storage app2ext that enable you to extend your applications ' partition a rom for your phone that change the partitions ' size
although charging it slowly will not have a problem , in your case your should not as it is giving a ' x ' mark . . but you should take care you are not using your tab while charging . since the charging process is slower than normal , if you simultaneously plug in and use the tab , the battery might deteriorate . also use quality charger .
if you do not get a notification on the phone , it means there is no usb connection . the most likely cause for this is that the cable you are using is not a real usb cable , but only has the power wire inside the cable , with the data pins not connected to anything . devices that use usb to charge sometimes come with such cables instead of real usb cables because they are cheaper to make . physical damage to a normal usb cable ( e . g . by shutting it in a door or under heavy furniture ) can break the data connection but still leave it able to supply power . try using another usb cable and see if the notification appears . if that does not work , then probably the problem is caused by a damaged usb port , either on your phone or on your pc . try a different port on your pc . if the port on your phone is physically damaged , all you can do is take it to someone who can repair it . alternatively , you might not need to use usb at all . there are many apps that can transfer photos , contacts , or other data between your phone and pc over wi-fi , without needing a usb connection .
grab this . apk file from the xda forums and sideload it like you would any other app . the instructions state that it will work on unrooted devices , and cnet actually ran an article detailing this a little while back . the original xda thread is here , the link you need is the one under the qr code ( the " apk method" ) . this particular method will evidently only work if you live in the us and have android v4.0.2 or later installed , but that should cover any typical vzw galaxy nexus at this point . as far as i am aware , you will not be able to get updates from the play store if you sideload like this , but that is the only caveat i have personally encountered thus far on my vzw galaxy nexus . i used the free $10 prepaid balance at mcdonald 's without any issue . a few additional musings after doing some experimentation : after sideloading the . apk above i was not able to update wallet from the play store app on my phone . however , if i logged into the web store and visited the page for wallet , it listed my galaxy nexus as compatible . hitting install on the web page allowed me to push the updated version to my phone successfully , despite the fact that i could not do it from my phone . if you are itching to try out the newly added ability to add your credit card to wallet , you could try the above to get yourself updated to the newest version . alternatively , if you consider me a " trusted source " ( i am trustworthy , i swear ) you can get a copy from my dropbox account . i simply pulled the updated . apk file from my device after i updated through the play store , so i can safely say this version has not been tampered with by any third parties .
from self testing of the drive , quickoffice and the new docs apps and an official google blog posting , it seems like the strategy will be : google drive app to view and organize your files quickoffice to open ms documents stand alone google docs apps ( docs , sheets , and eventually slides ) to open google doc files some testing i did shows ( moto x 4.4.2 with docs v1.3.144.12 ; quickoffice v6.3.1.041 ; drive v1.2.563.21 ) : the quickoffice app only opens microsoft format files ; i am unable to load native google documents the new docs app only opens google doc word files ; i am unable to load microsoft format files a google blog post has a statement that leads me to believe their strategy is to remove document editing from the drive app itself , and just have it open the stand-alone apps for google doc files , and quickoffice for ms document files : if you don’t have time now , over the next few days you’ll be prompted to download the apps when you go to edit or create a document or spreadsheet in your drive app . and of course , you’ll still be able to use the drive app to view and organize all of your documents , spreadsheets , presentations , photos and more . we also may be in line for a new google drive update soon - which removes in-drive editing . the ios version of drive has stripped in-drive document editing ( in favor of the external apps ) and added a pin code to allow you to encrypt local documents . ( source ) edit : the new google drive app has been released , which removes in-drive editing , and will prompt you to download the new docs and sheets apps .
you may only make oem lock , but if anybody really need to flash something - he can do unlock again ( with removing anything from device ) . and one old rule : if anybody has physical access to device - software protection will not help .
root : as you understand , " root " in this context refers to the ability to grant a user the privileges of the root user . it is similar to installing sudo on a linux box ( but android root uses su , so there is that fundamental but small difference ) . we have a tag-wiki for it which has more information : root . flashing : in the world of embedded systems , mobile computers , microprocessor-based development , and other technologies that led to modern smartphones , to " flash " something is essentially to copy files to a device . the etymology goes deeper than that , and does not seem to have a specific single meaning , but in all practical terms , in the android world , it is essentially a word that means " replace system software " ( but varies contextually ) . firmware : firmware is actually a word that , in its original meaning , does not seem to apply to android . however , the word has come to be synonymous with the android os when used in this context . os : this will not be any different from the term in other computing-related contexts . android itself is an operating system - and many other things . ( for example , it is also a development platform , etc ) . bootloader : the bootloader standard used for arm embedded systems ( like most modern smartphones ) is indeed quite different from what we are used to on x86 and x86-64 . speaking in a practical sense , the bootloaders used on android phones have the same job as grub or syslinux , they just work differently . recovery : many android devices come with support for a separate extremely basic piece of software , which is called " recovery " . it generally includes its own kernel , separate from the kernel android runs on , and is limited in functionality . it is used to write to system partitions in order to perform actions like changing/updating the kernel , android os , or other modifications that can not be done while the android system is in memory . recovery update . zip : os version updates , patches , and many more things are often saved to a file called " update . zip " . when recovery mode is started ( booting to recovery ) , it can be set to automatically load this file and install whatever it contains . kernel : the kernel used in android is the linux kernel - version 3.4 for most modern devices . cyanogenmod : cyanogenmod is a fork of android which purports to maintain the " true " android experience . it is actively developed and supports many devices . titanium backup : this is an app , available in the play store , which backs up applications and application data . it can , of course , also restore apps and data . it requires root access in order to do this . factory reset : when performing a factory reset , the device does not erase the main filesystem . it restores it to a " factory " state - removing user settings , applications , root , call history , etc . you will want to check the tag-wiki for factory-reset for more information here .
you will need to edit the apk for the default launcher , which in this case is touchwiz launcher . you will need to figure out how touchwiz gets its default setting , my guess is it would be in some of the xml files in the /res/values/ folder for the launcher , which should make modding easier as you will only need to extract the apk , edit the files you need , and recompress and probably resign the package but it may also be hardcoded into the code in which case you will need to decompile , reverse engineer , and recompile the dalvik class files in addition to the previous steps . these are some tools that might help you do these modifications : apktool : a tool for reverse engineering android apk files smali/baksmali : an assembler/disassembler for android 's dex format jarsigner : tool to sign an apk ( included in sdk )
there is no such site that lists all the available rom 's for all the devices - if there was , it would be huge . the best way to find a custom rom , as well as ways to flash and guides , is to check the more popular forums - such as xda-developers or the android forums .
i found good info on the hardware specs here : http://www.phonearena.com/phones/samsung-galaxy-note-3_id7984 i would compare that to any stats verizon releases . word on the street is it will be both cdma and gsm , so i would not be surprised if there are no differences . my reading : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2469047
as underscorenorm mentions , it is your responsibility to ensure that the specs published by verizon either match those posted by samsung , or that the differences are acceptable to you . however , if the note 3 is advertised with a particular feature and you purchase a note 3 then it is reasonable for you to expect that feature . therefore , i would highly recommend that you contact verizon in writing with your question and your concern . doing this will let them know that their spending money to modify the device is actually costing them potential customers . a few letters like that might convince the company to keep their hands off the device . posting as an answer , not a comment , due to recommending a different course of action than does underscorenorm .
self-answering update from op : i have now owned a verizon galaxy note 3 for about 6 months and there are no significant differences between this and another carrier 's model . it even has an official upgrade path to kitkat at this point ( although not yet ota at the time i posted this answer ) . http://xkcd.com/979/
it seems that you have rooted your device . mistakes you made : after you got root access you have to backup all system files to your sdcard , but you did not . no nandroid backups were made . you moved system apps to the sdcard . how to recover : search in your sdcard , you are missing system files with prefixes like com.android... or com.system... . if you find it , copy it to /system/app then reboot in recovery mode . take any of your friends ' devices , root it , and then copy all system files to your pc/laptop and then copy the same to your phone into the directory /system/app/ .
this is quite simple , really . since you have access to settings , turn usb debugging on , download a launcher and a keyboard apk , and download the development kit . using adb , install the apks like so : adb install &lt;filename&gt;.apk  or better yet , put them into /system/app so that nothing can go wrong . adb push &lt;filename&gt;.apk /system/app  this should solve your problem .
this is due to the fact that the lockscreen recognises that the device is a tablet , and therefore makes it stay in landscape mode . there is an easy way to counteract this , however it does require the use of a third party application called set orientation , which allows you to force apps into any orientation you wish . just open up the app , and set the drop down to ' automatic ' . the screen will then rotate when you rotate the device .
that is easily accomplished using tasker . if you do not know , tasker is the most complete automation solution for android . it does not come for free ( 5 euro -- but you can get a free trial on their homepage ) , but is definitly worth the price . just take a look at the tasker userguide for a full description . tasker combines conditions and tasks to profiles . in your case , the task would be something like : task autosync : auto-sync : on you will have two conditions , one for each profile ( tasker always connects conditions by and , so you need two different profiles : profile home : condition : wifi connected ( add your home network 's details ) task : autosync profile college : condition : wifi connected ( add your college 's network 's details ) task : autosync now , when you are not connected to any of these networks , switch off autosync manually once ( you will not have to repeat this ) . next time you connect to one of the two networks , tasker turns autosync on -- and resets it to the previous state ( off ) as soon as you are disconnected . if tasker is too heavy for you , i am pretty sure there are other automating tools which can accomplish this simple task ( llama - location profiles for example ) . but now that you have got the idea , you will find the related app fitting you .
the current best , known solution is to use " adbwireless " to connect the device with one 's computer over a network . be careful to connect both devices to the same network . if you do not have access to a wireless network , the . apk can be transferred in harddrive mode after exporting the project from eclipse . however , this route does not allow use of adb for logging , debug mode , or any other tools . ( see application " alogcat " if logcat logs are wanted ) if anyone finds other solutions , please edit this answer .
the su binaries are not included with the original distribution of android , because they are not used at all by any stock system functions . obviously , there are those of us that like to be able to do those things ; ) most rooting processes take care of this , but some leave it out . hence the file @matthew read linked to should take care of your problem , if you follow the process he outlined : ) if you had like to read more about it , you can visit the superuser website and find more downloads there , although the link posted supports eclair , froyo , gingerbread , honeycomb and ice cream sandwich . so it should cover you : )
the script you mention also offers an option to make additional apps ' bulletproof ' . since i do not know which version of supercharger you are running , i can not tell you the correct number of the mentioned option , but it is labeled BulletProof Apps {Hit or Miss} . it scans the current process list and gives you the option to name the app you want to make immune ( or rather " resistent" ) to being killed by the low memory killer . you do not have to be very precise with the naming , any 3 following letters matching your process should suffice . it will then prompt you to acknowledge the choice . that is it , you are done !
pressing the middle ( or home ) button does " minimize " the app . this is a design idea of android . if the app does not get resumed at the same point , then that is the failure of the app 's developer and source code not using the relevant api calls or a general flaw in the app 's code .
not daft at all . you can not " minimize " an app in android , but you can leave it running in the background . if you are on a web page , hit the home button and do whatever else it is you need to do , then long press the home button and the last 6-8 apps you have used show up in a pop up , click your browser and you should be back to your web page .
as with normal disks , this should apply to the disk and not a specific partition . some file systems offer additional caching , which then would apply to the specific partition -- but disk cache should always apply to the entire disk .
you have to use odin to reflash your phone . its the last resort i can say for your phone . i was too in same situation . i was having sammy 's galaxy s which on rooting and upgrading went blank . i used odin and refalsh it with stock rom and made my phone alive . give it a try . see the link here it might help . there might be some problem with your network after recovering . see link . its for verizon . kindly find your appropriate rom and flash it . xda forum is great resource for andy users/developers
for the following procedure you will need adb installed on your computer ( if you are not already have that , see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . alternatively , a terminal emulator app should do as well . android apps are managed by the " package manager " , which as a command-line interface called pm . so here 's what you can do with it for your case : of course you have to replace com.package.name with the package name of the app you want to deal with . easiest way to find that is visiting its page on google play , and take a look at the url : the package name follows the id= parameter there . it is the -k parameter telling the package manager to keep the app 's data . now , when you re-install the app , its data is already there ( was not removed ) . all this does not require root ( at least as long as we talk about a user-installed app ) .
android has not got function which you described . if you have root access on your phone , you can make a copy of folder /data/data/com.xxx.xxx , reinstall app , and overwrite generated folder by your copy .
adobe flash fot android has been discontinued and all official methods of installing it have been removed . this is mainly due to problems in security , performance and stability , but the rise of html5 has also played its part . you can find more info from here or here .
as manishearth wrote , this might indicate trouble with the card ( and very likely does ) . the boot you describe might have been " too abrupt " , not cleanly unmounting the card and thus corrupting its file system ; in which case the " good ol ' chkdsk" should help ( btw , android ships with fsck for the very same task , which you could execute via a terminal app or adb shell – see check and fix sd card errors within android itself ? ) . on the other hand , it could also mean hardware trouble with the card , which even could be the reason for those reboots , reversing cause and effect : not being able to read/write , or encountering too many " corrupt blocks " , might have triggered some event ( like re-mounting the card read/only ) . i am not sure whether such would trigger a reboot ( as stuff counted essential by the system usually does not reside on the sdcard ) , but it would not be impossible . thus trying a new card will not hurt . ps – a little background on app2sd : as shipped with android 2.2+ , this only moves parts of the app to your card , while other parts remain on internal storage . especially the app 's data remain here ( in /data ) , which is why after a re-installation of your apps they were already ( or rather " still" ) available . for more details , you might wish to take a look at our app2sd tag-wiki .
in the days i used to play with roms , there used to be some system folder ( i think system/app ) that contains . apk files ( installer files ) . you had need root and access to these folders to replace a non-working market/vending/play or camera application , or touchwiz ( if memory did not fail me ) . so , i think it is just a matter of copying the . apk and including it in the system folder .
use odin 3.09 specifically find stock firmware ( i use sammobile.com ) try factory dongle to force odin donwload mode ( if you cant get into download mode ) flash
things to try i would say take off the batteries , put them back , go to download mode , and reflash the rom . better off download it again to be 100% certain it is ok ( even if it is , sometimes certain roms happen to work only after a couple times flashing ) . also read the documentation of the rom in case it needed your storage to be in a different filesystem format ( ext4 or whatever ) .
there are two levels of technical reason why this would not work . not all mobile phones allow the software to control the audio that gets sent over a voice call : the microphone feeds directly into the cell radio . this is the same reason that apps to record calls or play sound over calls do not work on every phone . gsm lossily compresses the sound signal using methods that are specifically designed to work with voice . if you were to try to send arbitrary data ( such as an encrypted signal ) over gsm , it would come out garbled at the other end . if you want to make a phone call that your carrier can not eavesdrop , there are apps available to do this , but they work over wireless internet , not over gsm ( i.e. . they use data not voice ) .
user @izzy explained that encoded pictures are actually included in the .vcf created from the export . this led me to think that the issue is actually with thunbird 's contacts import and not with android 's contacts export . as it turns out this is right . since the default way for thunderbird to import vcards appears to be faulty , i used the add-on morefunctionsforaddressbook to import the address book . it worked fine and included all the pictures !
the galaxy y gt-s5360 simply does not have backlighting for its capacitive buttons ( source 1 , source 2 ) whereas the ace does - there is nothing you can do .
if you are on a tablet running recent version of android os ( 4.3 and above ) , you can create a restricted user profile for your child . there you can simply disable access to the app which you used to limit the volume . for older versions of android os on tablets and on phones ( restricted profiles are disabled for phones even on latest android os versions , ) you can try various " app protector " type of apps , that provide password-based mechanisms for restricting access to various installed apps .
if you have tasker , you could create a task that detects when the volume is changed . if it goes higher than x , it will run a task to reduce the volume back to x . tasker also lets you password protect groups of events , and you can enable tasker to be an administrator on the device . your child would be able to breifly set the volume higher , but it would always reduce back down . they could not disable the tasker event without the passcode , and they could not uninstall or disable tasker since it is a device admin . of course , they could always get around it somehow , such as clearing the data on the app or figuring out how to remove the administrator flag so that tasker could be removed . it is a cat and mouse game . but this solution should suffice for people who are not as technically minded .
i respect your desire for pirvacy , but if you are so leery of google-backed software that even the open-source chromium is suspect , then i do not know that anything simple will meet your needs . i will do my best to make suggestions for you . 1: remove the samsung rom and replace it with something else . i am not a privacy-demanding individual , and even i do not trust samsung 's software . in an ideal situation , you would be using a nexus 4 so that you can install ubuntu touch as soon as it is available . barring that , you can go find a lot of open-source android projects like cyanogenmod or aokp that have baked-in privacy enhancements . cyanogenmod ( just for example ) is open-source , and does not include the closed-source google apps by default . note that cyanogenmod recently announced that it is becoming a company , and will no longer be solely volunteer-developed . if you are not cool on that , there are lots of other alternatives . however , i am pretty sure cm has the best built-in privacy features . 2: after you are on your new rom , do not install a google apps package . google apps , while extremely useful , are closed-source software . we do not know exactly what goes on inside them . if you do not trust chrome , you probably do not trust gapps . if you do not trust chromium , you definitely do not trust gapps . 3: instead , use an open-source android app repo like f-droid . f-droid , a very well-filled repository of free and open-source software for android , including firefox , etc , is an excellent source for people leery of google play , amazon app store , and other closed-source or questionable sources of software . 4a : use an open-source email client ( like the built-in email app ) . the android email app ( not gmail app ) is open-source and generally considered quite safe . but you can not be blamed for being too cautious ; there are a lot of email apps available from f-driod . 4b : alternatively , use an open-source browser ( like firefox , or the built-in browser ) . the built-in browser is open-source , but is based on chromium . you probably want to just install firefox . however , you will probably not find the addons you use on the desktop available for firefox here . more notes : installing an ad-blocker from f-droid will also help a bit . ad providers try to do lots of tricky things to track users . mess with security and privacy settings in cyanogenmod or whatever rom you choose . unfortunately , your samsung phone may have a locked bootloader . if it does not , you should be okay - most of the flagship samsung phones ( s3 , s4 , note2 , note3 ) - when their bootloader is unlocked - have good support from the major android rom projects . if , however , your bootloader is encrypted , then i might suggest returning the phone ( if still possible ) and getting a nexus 4 . yes , i know this is a " google " phone . however , it is one of the easiest to bend to your needs . it is also one of the very few that will have immediate and constant support for ubuntu when it is available . if you do not trust nexus , then just find something that is well-supported by the open-source community , and has an unlocked bootloader ( galaxy s4 's are apparently getting locked by a new update , so be careful ! ) .
multiple things with your issue : i would never trust a tech who recommends a task-killer for this problem . disqualified 100% . same for the one claiming all android phones last for only one day . that is bogus . it always depends on usage . i have one lasting 7 days ( well , no sim card inserted , not wifi activated -- it is rather used as a stand-by computing device for some apps -- but it is a phone , and it runs longer than 10h ; ) , and my " standard phone " ends up at ~75-80% after 14h usage . tech #2 and #4 sound more reasonable : any app ( especially if " consuming push services" ) can be the cause for such a problem ( see below ) , and monitoring battery usage is a generally good idea ( that tech i would trust most from the ones you mentioned ) different kind of usage causes different battery drain . sometimes processes go havoc and drain the battery quite fast . i had that " big surprise " multiple times already , last time yesterday : went down from ~80% to 5% and " emergency shutdown " within ~2h while in my pocket -- i only noticed that by the " beep " on shutdown . but this should not be a regular ( daily ) issue ; i experienced this maybe 4-5 times in a year with my current device . recommendation : take a look at the battery statistics ( usually found in settings &rarr ; about phone ) to determine which app ( s ) are causing the most battery drain . maybe you have got some " bad egg " on your device , if this happens regularly . second recommendation : take a look at how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? -- maybe that is what affects you . again , this could be a mal-functioning app . battery only lasting for ~10h is nothing rare with heavy usage . remember these are no longer " dumb-phones " , but rather " pocket-computers which also can make phone calls " . useful resources also include : how can i tell what is really draining my battery ? how to debug a battery issue ? how can i find out what causes “android os” to consume battery ? follow the tag battery-life
how far can we trust on the battery capacity that these manufacturers mention in their devices and in their product specification ? this is one important question which we can not overlook during such debates . also , the battery capacity is at its best during its first charge cycle and it actually drops with every successive cycle , though the rate of drop varies from type of battery to number of cycles and many other factors included . so , the only true way to measure the current battery performance is to monitor how many amps being drawn during a particular operation/duration . unless you are doing for a research purpose this kind of investigation does not pay off in any way . btw , if your 4000 mah battery drains in 4 hours from full charge , the current handled is around 1 amps and i think that is too much for these kind of electronics . in your case , i would lay all my suspicion on the over optimistic battery rating of your manufacturer .
one option is to disable the notfications from the built-in messaging app ( in the messaging app , press menu , select settings and then scroll to the bottom and take the tick out of the notifications box ) . you can then use a 3rd party app that gives you full customization of the notification options , like sms popup which gives you control over the vibration duration and pattern , as well as a lot of other notification options .
i will assume you use androids default sms app . open it , go to settings -> notification settings -> vibrate pattern . if you are using a specific sms app , setting this up might be similar ( if the app supports it ) .
how many other aps ( access points ) and devices are their in the vicinity ? if your first ap ( on channel x ) is causing overloading ( or interference ) on that channel , other aps are going to change signal strength and/or change to other channels . basically , you are dropping a large pebble into a small pond . there is always going to be other effects . if this happened under controlled conditions ( i.e. . out in the country ) , with no other signal sources or traffic , then you would have a legitimate puzzle . .
i have read about that phenomenon of some androids having trouble in mixed wpa/wpa2 mode a couple of times now . as you described , people solved it by using either wpa or wpa2 ( or even wep ) . so wpa2 only you tried ( but got trouble with your mac ) . any chances to pin it to only wpa ? wep would be a last-ressort , as it offers only marginal protection . remark : not sure about your settings for this , but in some cases people had ssid broadcast turned off on the router ; turning it on again ( i.e. . broadcasting the ssid ) solved the issue for some of them .
rooting your device is reversible by unrooting your device . so if you have to send your device to your manufacturer or your carrier , unroot it and you do not logically void your warranty , since the device is not rooted . ; ) of course , you can root it again once it gives you back your device .
just any hardware you acquire , you acquire it under some limited conditions of usage , rules and laws that exist as to protect users , but mainly to protect the fat companies that profit with you purchase . what is rooting essentially , rooting a device , is a process allowing users to attain privileged control ( known as " root access" ) within android 's subsystem . the general goal is to overcome limitations placed by carriers or hardware manufactures left on the device . this results in the ability to alter or replace system applications and settings , run specialized apps that require administrator-level permissions , or perform other operations that are otherwise inaccessible to a normal user . why does it void your warranty by not allowing access to the superuser account , the manufacturer and your carrier have basically " protected you " from messing up your system , making it unusable . one wrong keystroke and your brand new device becomes a brick ( useless ) . in simple terms , they hand you the device for you to use , saying : " altering or using unapproved software voids your warranty " . rooting falls into this category , you are completely altering your device , which then , it no longer is as it was delivered . so , they can not be responsible for eventual damages on something that they did not provide you or sold to you .
yes , im using 32gb card . i have kept 4096mb as ext4 partition and rest i have formatted as fat32 . link2sd works fine . you can go max 4gb . download mini partition tool format your class10 sdcard 1st partition being fat32 , and second keep ( 4gb ) it ext2 ( ext4 might not work ) shutdown your phone , put back your card . star the phone . and then start linking your files with link2sd . i have bought plus version , it is very useful . since my phone has only 16gb internal memory .
the file places.sqlite stores history information . i suppose that if you manage to delete the entries you want from there and then sync your changes then these entries will not show up in your history . here is some info about editing this file
you can only delete specific visited pages while going through the complete browser 's history . i asked because you can not actually delete any visit while they are filtered out by a search query . i think this should be allowed as a feature because if you had a big history you would need to spend an unimaginable amount of time to delete a very old entry while browsing it completely .
try magisto . i just tested it initially and managed to record for almost 2.5 hours before i stopped it .
there are a number of possible reasons for an inaccurate location , mostly relating to the lack of a good gps fix . if the phone cannot get an accurate gps fix , it will use more approximate methods of deriving its location - such as cell tower locations and wifi hotspot locations . possible reasons for no good gps fix , in vague descending order of likliness : you are indoors , or the sky is otherwise obstructed ( trees can have quite an impact ) gps is turned off or disabled on your phone , or you are using google maps on a device that does not have a gps receiver . you have not used the gps for a day or more , or you have moved a long way since you last used it , and it is taking a while to get a fix - this can take a minute or more in some circumstances , especially if you do not have a data signal . the gps is not working properly . some phones have gps trouble occasionally and require a restart . there is interference with the gps - e.g. naval forces sometimes conduct exercises with gps jamming , and i have had . . . variable results trying to use it near a large naval base before . normally if google maps can only give an approximate fix it will show a circle around your position , showing uncertainty . it might help with diagnosis to know whether you are seeing this circle , as that will indicate whether maps knows that it has an approximate location or whether it thinks that it has an accurate one and is wrong .
afaik , with android 4.2+ you can regulate on a per-app-base whether you want to see notifications or not . long-pressing a notification should open a menu , from which you can navigate to the corresponding place , and define you do not want to see notifications from that app anymore . ( as i have no device with 4.2+ , i cannot check myself ) . on the other hand , " spammy messages " sound like they come from some advertizement module , such as airpush or leadbolt . you can verify that with ad-scanners ( i recommend appbrain ad detector ) . if i guessed right with that , you have two ways to react on this : for airpush , there is a way to opt - out , same seems to apply for leadbolt ( opt-out ) . appbrain ad detector clearly shows you which network is involved , see below screenshots . appbrain ad detector ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant ) or you consider avoiding apps using such an aggressive advertizement , uninstall yours , and watch out for a less offensive alternative -- that is what would be my choice . i have full understanding for devs to fund their fremium apps using ads -- but please , leave those adds where they belong : inside the app they are funding . pushing ads to the notification bar , or adding " funny shortcuts " to the user 's homescreen , is intruding the user 's privacy , and has no connection to the app at all ( in most cases , users even have no clue where that " stuff " comes from ) .
have you tried holding down the power button and the volume up button at the same time until you see the dead android and red triangle , if you then tap the volume up button once you should see a list of options including factory reset ( complete data removal ) which will reset the device to the basic state it was in when you bought it
go to settings-applications-usb debugging and enable that . if you are running ics , go to settings-developer options instead . now when you connect your phone via usb , it will show up as a mass storage device and you can directly copy files to/from the mass storage ( and sd card if you have one ) . try placing the certificate in the root directory of your sd card and then import it .
you are completely right with your assumption : whenever an app is installed , it is first copied to /data/local . you can check that directory if either you have got a file manager permitting you to go there , or have the android sdk installed . no root needed , as this directory is readable and writable for the shell user . but to your last question : no , i am not aware of any mechanism to control that delay ( never saw a corresponding setting ) . if it can be configured ( and is not hardcoded in some place ) , this will most likely involve root privileges .
you could always encrypt your device . depending on what phone you are using will determine the method or even availablity of this function . it takes time though and you should do it with about 80-90% battery . also , i beleive the fact that your phone is rooted , makes it less secure - assuming the thief/person who picked up your phone ( assuming that it was to be lost ) . as long as they can access the internal/external storage , they can bypass this .
i would use lock screen . . . it is easy to use bruteforce on any apps which are using a pin code , it is harden with the lock screen , but not impossible . . so do not carry very important documents on your phone . . .
the app locker gives you more access , and is working against the system rather than with it . almost by definition , it is much less secure . an app locker might keep out the casual user , but not anyone who knows what they are doing . unless it blocks new apps by default , sideloading would be a problem . depending on the device that may be enough to root it ( if you are not already ) and then they can more or less bypass/remove anything on the device . adb access is a risk in both cases but the ability to interact with the device may provide some other options . i agree with admartian that encryption is the way to go . using a lock screen plus an app locker is better than using only one of them , as well .
it is a security concern . the android documentation does not provide a lot of elaboration , stating simply : the procedure must be confirmed on-screen , and deletes the user data for privacy reasons . however , the privacy concern is relatively straightforward to extrapolate . once the bootloader is unlocked , the device can be flashed with unsigned images . this means that it is relatively trivial to root the device , and there are actually multiple ways it can be done , such as : flashing a system image with root tools built in flashing a boot image that runs adbd with root by default ( an " unsecure " image ) flashing a recovery image , then using that to overwrite the system or boot partitions with ones that allow root access once root is obtained , all of the information on /data essentially becomes accessible . this could be emails , contact information , or many other pieces of personal information that you likely do not want in the wrong hands . therefore , it makes sense to wipe all of this data during the unlocking procedure to ensure that there is no off-the-shelf " official " way of bypassing the sandboxing restrictions implemented by the android operating system , which would thereby allow someone to steal personal data . of course , there may be ways to root without wiping on some devices , but they rely on exploits rather than official methods like a bootloader unlock , meaning they are basically bugs .
its a good question as to the motive in why they insist on this when getting manufacturers to make the handsets for carriers . the reason , i think , why carriers enforce " locked bootloaders " , is really simplistic , in the event of handsets being stolen , and a tech-savvy thief can unlock it , it wipes the personal data in place thus ensuring that contacts etc are removed . and , in a what i would perceive , a twisted roundabout-way , the victim will not get billed for unsolicited texts/calls etc to their own contacts ( i.e. . billing for calls etc ) made whilst the handset is stolen , that is , if it is still in original state , i.e. locked , that is , provided the relevant authorities have been informed . so the desire for the thief to infiltrate and get at the handset to work with another carrier would force the thief to unlock the boot-loader . . i would be inclined to believe its for that reason , carriers are in fact , protecting themselves and covering their position in maintaining the contractual clauses with the customers . . . ( this is only hearsay based on what i have read about carriers ) and yet carriers , still maintain their stance in selling handsets with locked boot-loaders despite uproar from the community , i.e. lack of openness , difficulties in modding etc and do try scare off using this tactic " unlocking boot-loader voids the warranty " . some carriers would even get the manufacturers to make the handsets impossible to unlock - for example , orange 's san diego , which was released earlier on in 2012 , circa february , intel-based chip-set running android - it took 8 months to get it rooted , and by then , the community declined . . the detrimental side effect was that the price of that handset dramatically dropped a lot and lost its value due to zero openness and the developer community lost interest in modding for it ! all a boot-loader is - its a piece of code , and if received instructions via fastboot -i 0x0fce oem unlock [SOME_HEX_KEY] or similar , to unlock , the boot-loader code is instructed to wipe the /data partition - nothing more . it does not physically damage the screen , functionality , ram , charging etc . . fud ( fear , uncertainty and doubt ) with what i have written , hopefully makes sense .
go to settings -&gt; about-phone-&gt; phone identity-&gt; IMSI is your imei number an international mobile subscriber identity or imsi ( play /ˈɪmziː/ ) is a unique identification associated with all gsm and umts network mobile phone users . each android device is equipped with an imei or imsi or meid number ( depending on the device 's radio technology and carrier ) which uniquely identifies the handset . below are listed a number of ways for you to retrieve such number .
it might be a digitizer problem , you should take it to a warranty . usually problems like that can be cause of a digitizer issue .
i have found ghostcommander ( open source ) to be just as good , and it is smaller ( takes up less room on limited flash space ! ) . you can find it on fdroid repository .
i have the same problem . it is ridiculous . i do not really have a solution , but here 's my workaround : i forward the found email to myself . ( doing this , you still will not be able to read the message in the composition window ! ! ) so you will be able to read the forwarded message only when it comes around in your inbox . i really do hope they will fix this .
there is an app for that . photosync ( sync to picasa ) automatically syncs local folder to picasaweb , so you can select your camera folder . it is free and not so huge as g+ app . you can set your local folder and picasa folder and sync them on eg . hourly basis .
i would bite the bullet and install the google+ app . in addition to instant upload , the google+ app will give you unlimited storage of the photos that are uploaded via instant upload : all photos uploaded in google+ will be automatically resized to 2048 pixels ( on their longest edge ) and will not count towards your free storage quota . source : http://support.google.com/picasa/bin/http://picasa.google.com/support/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=1224181 i do not think you have to use google+ other than register online and install the app for this to happen , so there is really not much effort on your part needed to get the benefits of instant upload . you can also manually " share " photos from the gallery app to picasa , but that is more tedious .
android 2.3.3 was ( on all devices i am aware of ) vulnerable to the gingerbreak exploit , which used a software hole in android to gain root permission and therefore does not require wiping your device . superoneclick provides this as one of its root methods , making it a popular choice for rooting versions 2.3 to 2.3.3 of gingerbread .
simple2ext ( as described here : http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/20328-solution-to-unable-to-download-big-apps-from-the-market/ ) did the job for me . i am also running cm 7.0.3 and had problems with downloading big apps from market . sometimes it helped clearing the dalvik cache but not always .
i had something similar happen to me months ago , and the only solution i found was to make sure my apps and accounts were synced with google and doing a factory reset . the thing was i was stock at the time , and i do not know how a factory reset will affect cyanogenmod . i would jump on their forums and see if anyone else is having a similar issue , and if not you should submit a bug report to them so they can see if it is a bug in their release candidate . edit : since this is a pretty old question and cyanogenmod has been updated i think it would be worth it for you to upgrade to 7.0.3 . i have not had any issues at all with the market now that i have moved to a stable version of cm7 so hopefully your issue has been resolved in the newest stable release .
try this call confirm app . this application is going to ask you whether to call or hangup the contact what you touched on call history .
go to settings> accounts and add add your fb account to your htc sense app . after doing this the app should not ask for the but , as you use the native facebook application why not entirely disable the sense ui fb widget ? the default app is more than sufficient for ones fb usage . go to settings> app> all and disable the default app .
from a packet capture , the codecs are : gsm-efr 8khz amr 8khz gsm 8khz g . 711/pcmu 8khz g . 711/pcma 8khz here 's the tidbit from the rtp packet capture : i could not find a way to configure the codecs either .
try paste , free from the market , as per text editor that supports italic text and tab indenting , via keyboard shortcuts so far the only thing i have found that supports ctrl + i and ctrl + b . g
there is a google-made app with almost exactly that name , that does let you read google books on your android device , google play books . i am pretty sure that should do what you want .
the svox classic tts system replaces the ( robotic ) native android pico_tts ( and pico_tts is generating the speech onboard the phone ) free main application https://market.android.com/details?id=com.svox.classic $3 voices like the british victoria voice https://market.android.com/details?id=com.svox.classic . langpack . eng_gbr_fem
this is apparently not possible with android 2.2 on motorola droid .
i am pretty sure that while adb push works to get the files there , it is not the supported way to get media files onto your android device . this means that it does not set the flag that tells the media scanner that new media which needs it is meta-data indexed and added to the media library has arrived on your device . one way to force the media scanner to rescan your storage is to just run an app like rescan sd after you have copied the files over .
i also see this behaviour with my desire c model . when i reported it as a bug to htc they responded that it is intentional behaviour as the desire c lacks a charging led . personally i think you should still be able to have the screen turn off and it does not make sense to have an option in the settings menu that does not do anything . if enough people request the change htc may put in the ability to turn off the screen while charging in a future software update .
the default , built-in android browser does not do a lot of advertising of itself at all ( as it does not really need to ) . most 3rd party browsers put their name and/or logo in as many places in the ui and menus as possible . if you can not see any browser names or logos in the interface then you are probably using the default built-in browser . to see if a specific web browser on your phone is being used as the default for any actions , then go into settings -> applications -> manage applications -> all , and find it in the list ( the built-in browser will be called either " browser " or " internet " in the list , depending on your version of android ) . when you the browser 's icon in that list the application info screen should appear , and if that browser is currently set to be the default , then you should see a section labelled " launch by default " where it will say " you have selected to launch this application by default for some actions " . if the browser is not set as default that section will say " no defaults set " . if you want to change the default browser , just click the clear defaults button on the one that is currently acting as the default , and next time you click a web link you should get a box pop-up asking you which browser to use , and giving you the option to set that as the default . it is hard to tell from your question , but it is worded in a way that could also just be asking for more specifics of what the default , built-in browser is , in which case this previous question should help you out : android browser
go to settings - applications - manage applications - all - select the icon you use and this will give you all the information about the program
just from the market description , astro player looks like it might .
you can not just install the apk , you have to download a gapps package , which contains all the google applications that come with google licensed phones . this , however , requires rooting the phone and installing a recovery . the reason for all the trouble is that while android is open source , google apps are proprietary code , and devices have to be licensed with google in order for the apps to be included on the device . for more information , see how can i install the google apps package ( play store , . . . ) on my android device ? , rootzwiki gapps page and gapps download .
the problem is that whereas the bluetooth connection functions as a bridge network device , wifi tethering creates a nat which may prevent some functionality . see if enabling transparent tunneling or ipsec over udp on the client help . since tethering does not support port forwarding , you can not use pat on the device .
i do not use this emulator but you might try to copy and paste login from host : how to share clipboard between bluestacks and host windows pc ?
see this image released by htc . it describes the update process in a very detailed form : edit : fixed link
in addition to the incredibly long htc infographic in mpeti 's answer , other manufacturers have come out and said why their updates lag behind official google releases , and why they do not release updates for older models : sony mobile : ice cream sandwich – from source code release to software upgrade , selected excerpts and headers below : however , before we can roll out those software upgrades , there are a lot of activities to first of all get ice cream sandwich to work and become stable on all sony ericsson phones . we call this the bring up phase . secondly , and perhaps most important , we must certify and approve the new software release with all the different technologies , networks , and hardware that a modern smartphone should work with . we call this the certification and approval phase . the bring up phase : getting ice cream sandwich to work on our phones integrating android patches getting the software stable and adding localisation the certification and approval phase : making sure the software and hardware is compliant additional approvals might be needed many operators also want to customise the software according to their requirements when all of this is done , we are ready to roll out the software release variants as software upgrades to operators and consumers around the world . motorola used to have a good blog entry on this , but seem to have deleted all their older blog content in the last few months . however the wayback machine has an archived copy of it : archive . org : motorola update on ice cream sandwich , selected text and headings below : once source code is released from google , it doesn’t automatically update to your device . each new version of android launches with one device partner , in what is called the “google experience device” or ged , the showcase device for a new android release . the ged partner for each launch works with google during the development of the os so that the device and new android version are ready for a coordinated simultaneous launch . once that ged device ships , the rest of the android community gains access to the android source code as its made public shortly after – a critical milestone for device manufacturers and component suppliers , enabling us to start work on integrating the new release into our existing products . merge and adapt the new release for different device hardware architecture ( s ) and carrier customizations stabilize and ‘bake’ the result to drive out bugs submit the upgrade to the carriers for certification perform a customer pre-release release the upgrade we are planning on upgrading as many of our phones as possible . the ability to offer the upgrade depends on a number of factors including the hardware/device capabilities , the underlying chipset software support , the ics support and then the ability to support the motorola value add software . also , pc mag why it will take so long to upgrade phones to ' ice cream sandwich '
android phones have at least 2 fingers in the pot that iphones do not : the hardware maker and the network carrier . the hardware makers often consider their drivers trade secrets , and therefore must learn the new versions code and then adapt their drivers . manufacturers also often provide custom " skins " that must be updated for the new version , and sometimes wholly redesigned . any changes must then be approved by the carriers . they often addon their own features , which must be updated/redesigned and tested . then they must run networks tests for each phone to ensure it will not crash the network . while these tests must go on for iphones also , they are probably done before the new version is released , as apple can produce all the phones running the new version at once for testing , before the code is released to even developers .
when google releases a new version of android , the build is then processed by the manufacturer . this takes several months for them to assure the update can take advantage of the phone 's features , and so they can install any additional features they want . the process is then repeated for the carrier , which again takes several months .
this is a 2-part question . part 1 asks why android phones do not get the newest update right away , and has been answered adequately by the other answers . part 2 asks why older phones often never get the newest update , and has not been answered yet . as lebeau says , there are other corporate stakeholders besides google . google only creates the new versions , and , besides the phones it directly creates , like the nexus line , it does not get much say over whether and when the others put them into the phones . also like lebeau says , all these other stakeholders have to learn the new version before they can implement it . this is why the phones get new versions later , and why certain phones , like the nexuses , get the versions before anyone else , because google has already learned the new version . as for part 2 , the hardware makers want us to keep buying new phones every couple months , right ? otherwise , how will they keep all that dough rolling in if we keep using our old phones ? they had be in the same position the computer companies are in : with storage and ram enough for any purpose , why buy any new hardware ? the answer is to stop updating old phones , so if we want the newest features , we have to get a new one . google probably does not do this as much , as it is already selling you android , so why does it need to sell you phones , but it probably does it a little bit . the network carriers , for their part , probably help with their draconian rules like preventing rooting ( or else you void your warranty ) . this is why , as you say , " a July 2010 android is basically a paperweight" . as for your comment about improvements being " mainly userland " , i do not know how all that works , but i am sure it is not that simple . the upgrades may be in software , but not all software talks to the user . plus , the hardware makers put " skins " on our phones , so we do not see the inner workings , and it is likely that when they finally upgrade to the newest version , they put some new stuff in themselves , so that an htc one phone at android 4.2 is different from a samsung galaxy siv phone at android 4.2 . probably either htc or samsung throws some new features out to put in 4.3 , and you do not even notice they did it . then , when let 's say the htc one does not upgrade to 4.3 , but the htc two does ( i am making this up ) , you are forced to get htc two to get ( some of ) the new features of 4.3 , as well as some features of 4.2 you did not get with htc one . i am not certain this happens , but it is normal business procedure , so i would not be surprised .
i think there are a number of reasons why updates are so slow for android devices : the time it takes a manufacturer to apply their customisations to the new version and ensure everything works ok can be quite long . this has improved over the last year or so as google give them an android pdk , or the platform development kit which should allow them to work on their customisations several months in advance of the public even hearing about the next version of android . the time it takes for networks to test the update and apply their customisations . there is little incentive for manufacturers to apply the update ( especially on 1+ year old devices ) as they are trying to sell their newest devices to customers . most customers do not know or care what version of android is on their device so why would the manufacturer spend time and money updating the device to the latest version . you can also look at this article which goes into a bit more detail , including why apple is able to release updates ' so much quicker ' ( essentially because they control both the hardware and software ) .
i think software update has reverted all your settings , follow the steps : if you are using gmail app , then you should go to settings and check the concerned setting and also go to phone settings and under accounts click google and sync now . if you are using stock email app follow the above procedure but im accounts select email and sync . also check the email app settings . reply if problems persist .
open the . spb file in kies select all your contacts and click save as . in the file name field type whatever you want with en extension . vcf copy the newly made file to your sd card import from the contacts app
well , i guess you launcher is experiencing problems with the your android device . i would say if the problem persist first try clearing the cache and the data store by the launcher app , you can do that by heading over to the settings> application manager> tap over the launcher and clear the cache and the data stored . now try opening the launcher again and see if it shows you the same error again . if it pops up again then i would say better to uninstall the application . rest i will leave it upto you !
it is possible to root these devices without tripping the knox flag s4: [ root ] saferoot : root for vruemj7 , mk2 , and android 4.3 note3: root de la vega [ knox 0x0 root - lots of versions - no exynos ] note2: [ root ] galaxy note 2 on android 4.3 without tripping knox
s3 users have reported similar issue while receiving calls and alarm going off at androidcentral forums here . the solution posted there is to go to Settings &gt; My Device &gt; Accessibility &gt; Hearing &gt; Flash Notification un-check flash notification . even if the flash notification box is not checked , check it once and un-check it again . it should solve your problem .
this phenomenon could be due to some rogue app that is using the permissions of the camera to take pictures or activating flashlight without your intervention . check with some app like f-secure app permissions , applying the advanced filter camera , flashlight ( applying or operator as shown in the screenshots ) . in the resulting list , look for any suspicious app ( mainly a game or another app that should not be using those permissions ) and uninstall it ( you can uninstall apps directly from f-secure app permissions by long-tapping its name in the list and tapping yes in the confirmation message ) .
i found it was a flashlight app i had downloaded . it had permissions to override various functions . after uninstalling the app , the flashing is gone !
was annoying , but has stopped , by doing the following : go to : settings > my device > accessibility> hearing> flash notification select flash , close out , return and deselect flash . working properly now !
android 's built in decoders are rather picky about the files they will play - limited encoded resolution ( possibly less than that of the device 's display ) , limited bitrate , limited formats . if these are new files , try encoding them to be less demanding . if these are files that used to work , see if something on the phone is perhaps slowing it down - on on rare occasion i had a file that generally plays start failing part way through . a reboot might be worth trying .
if you have the issue with files , that you were previously able to play , try to reboot your phone . if playback works afterwards , you seem to have the same issue as described in this problem : samsung galaxy s : unsupported file type ( mp3 ) i do not know of a fix for this yet , the only workaround seems to be a reboot .
unfortunately , if you were running sdk 1.6 or later you could just update without installing a new sdk . but for 1.5 you need to install a new sdk . per this link from google http://developer.android.com/sdk/installing.html ( see quoted text below ) . . . how ever , you can backup your projects and move them into the new sdk environment . so it looks like all may not be lost . just read that link above pretty thoroughly . updating ? if you are currently using the android 1.6 sdk or later and want to update to the latest tools or platforms , you do not need to install a new sdk . instead , you can simply update the individual components in your sdk using the android sdk and avd manager tool . for information about how to do that , see updating sdk components if you are using android 1.5 sdk or earlier , you should install a new sdk as described in this document and move your application projects to the new sdk environment .
" press 1 to accept the call " sounds like google voice 's call screening . check your gv call settings to ensure that call screening is not on at all . ( you can individually turn it off for certain people or groups , but the main setting would need to be " on " . ) more on call screening at google voice support .
samsung galaxy s2 sgh-s959g android version 2.3 in boot loop update : downloaded odin 3 v . 1.85 , flashed with stock-sgh-s959g . tar . md5 ==> no change still have the same problem ( also checked sammobile for firmware = nothing available )
found it . i remembered installing a beta app from cyanogenmod called screencast which can be used to record the screen if you have a cm 11 rom . when you start recording there is an option in the notification bar to show touches . i had enabled this when playing with the screencast app , and it continues to track touch input even after you stop the recording . disabling the show touches option fixed my issue .
in recovery mode , use this : adb shell mount /sdcard adb push {filename} /sdcard/{filename}  update #1: an alternative suggested by ce4: pull out the sd card , copy all needed files externally , and put it back in update #2: it seems the user did not install cwm correctly . after fixing this , adb push now works as expected .
if your rom has theme chooser integrated into the system , i would recommend just switching to an aosp theme , like this kitkat theme . you can check if you have theme chooser by doing any of the below : android 2.3: check if there is an app in your launcher named ' theme chooser ' , with an icon of the android robot colored four different colors android 4.0+: check if there is any theme-related menus in settings . if your rom does not have theme chooser , then you would have to get your hands dirty with manually themeing system apks . go to xda-developers for more info and tutorials on that .
the best way i have found to do this is using an app called any cut . any cut allows you to launch just about anything , follow these steps for the two that you mentioned ( tethering settings and mobile networks ) install any cut pick a quick key to set ( tap the key if unset currently or home-> menu-> settings-> quick keys-> [ select a key ] ) under more , tap any cut tap activity select the activity you want to launch ( network settings for mobile networks and the 2g/3g switch or settings --the 7th settings -- for tethering and portable hotspot ) thanks to [ jeff hamilton ] for developing any cut ( and releasing it for free ) and also to [ pikipirs ] of xda-developers for pointing out which settings option to use for tethering
flashing your phone probably also changed your modem/baseband . flashing another might give you better signal . here you can download modems for your phone : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1158783
there is no such command . you want to use ip link , with a space in between . you might want to look up ( under settings -> about phone -> status ) the original mac address of your phone . then issue the command without the interface name first : busybox ip link show , and look for the mac ; you will find the interface name of the wifi adapter , which may very well not be ' eth0' . mine for example is ' wlan0' . then you could try disabling wifi first , then changing the mac using the commands on the site you linked , then re-enabling it . it may or may not work - for me , the address change confused the android settings app and it failed to connect to any network i tried . do not worry though , everything these commands do are temporary and reverted by a reboot . you could try searching the /system directory for the configuration file of the wireless adapter and editing that . mine is at /system/etc/firmware/wlan/prima/ , but it is vendor specific and this is an xperia . be careful to make a backup of the original , because if you screw this file up , your wifi may not function ever again . this file ( or any other file in /system ) is not restored at reboot ! you are not going to like this part . you could ask your school to un-blacklist your mac instead , although they probably had a good reason to blacklist it in the first place . in this case , by changing your mac , you may very well start an " arms race " which will end up in them whitelisting only their machines and locking everyone else out for good . try not to abuse their system , and only use it with a spoofed mac when really necessary .
please take a look at google japanese input : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.inputmethod.japanese swype keyboard has japanese language built in as well : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nuance.swype.dtc
this is an issue with the newer maps ( 7 and above ) . you could try reverting to the version 6 , such as 6.14.4
you can not change the text size in google maps , because the whole map , including the labels , is retrieved from google 's servers as an image . ( in fact , they are lots of small images called tiles . for this reason , using a different app that embeds google maps will not help at all : they are all just displaying the same tiles . if you want a map that looks different , you will need to use an openstreetmap-based app . openstreetmap ( osm ) is like the wikipedia of maps : it is a free , open map of the world maintained and updated by volunteers . since the raw map data are available for anyone to use , there are some osm apps that generate the map image on your device , instead of downloading tiles from a central server . such apps have more options for customizing the map to suit your needs , so while i do not know off-hand of one with text size options , this starting point might help you to find one .
i did this for myself by navigating to settings > storage , tap on the misc category , select the ~4 gb linux image and use the trash icon to delete it , but this will probably vary depending on what device you use .
based on this blog post , the galaxy ace has geo-tagging support . so yes , it should be able to store location metadata , if you enable it . and according to another blog post , kik messenger removes metadata .
after some further research i think it is not possible . at least on a level where one is not modifying the os .
definitely not possible , the audio routing is something of a mutually exclusive/flip-flop principle . if the headset is plugged in , the routing goes to the headset and is taken away from the in-built ear-piece . vice-versa , if no headset is plugged in , the in-built-ear piece is used . likewise , for when during in-call without headset , audio routing goes to both ear-piece and mouth-piece , no other mp3/music cannot be played . for vice-versa , when no calls are happening , audio is routed to the speakers . . . that shows what is actually involved in , what is known as " audio routing " and is very complicated process hence the emphasis on mutual exclusivity/flip-flip operations of the audio fundamentals .
you might need to clear the cache of the download manager . go into : Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All (tab) -&gt; Download Manager  here tap Clear cache and for good measure Clear data
i know this comes a little late , but for the sake of others like myself who stumbled upon this question ( in my case , it matches word for word my needs , it is spooky ) i found something that suits me well . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=eu.kowalczuk.rsync4android it is rsync over ssh and works very well - provided you are already familiar with both .
if your device is rooted , you might want to take a look at titanium backup , which has built-in support for dropbox , box and google drive . as for your " special folder " , i would say you will probably like ftpsyncx -- which allows you automatically sync with dropbox as well as with your local pc via ssh , ftp , and others . the latter can happen automatically all xx minutes when your wifi is in reach , or when any wifi is in reach , or generally . . . and the app is well supported . alternatively , there is foldersync , additionally offering support for skydrive , sugarsync , ubuntu one , box .net, livedrive , google drive , google docs , hidrive , netdocuments , amazon s3 and webdav . ftpsyncx : foldersync :
i would recommend you to use sandisk memory zone available from google play store . once you have installed the app , run it and it will scan your entire sd card and the internal memory of your device . after that , choose a cloud storage provider where you would want to backup all the data .
it might be that this option will try to repair any filesystem issues that it finds . if a repair attempt does not do the right thing , or is prevented from completion ( say , the battery dies ) , you could end up with unusable files ; or , if the repair attempt failed in the system partition , you could end up with a dead device ( but you might be able to recover with a factory reset ) .
it is even riskier than cybersam says . you should not check/repair a mounted filesystem ( i.e. . when it is in use ) , on any operating system , because programs might be using the files while you are checking them and possibly making changes . this could cause the checker to think there are errors where there are really no errors ; it might cause unexpected behaviour of any program that happens to read or write files during the check ; and any files written during the check might be corrupted or completely lost . on a pc , you can check a non-essential filesystem by unmounting it before the check , or you can check a system partition by booting from a usb stick or cd so that no filesystems from the hard disk need to be mounted . on android , the closest equivalent is doing it from the recovery : this way , you can check any filesystem other than the one the recovery is on ( assuming the recovery does not mount the sd card ) .
i see this issue quite frequently . hangouts will crash if you disable stock messaging app , but you can not re-enable the messaging app if you have disabled it before upgrading the os . in order to resolve you need to go into settings -> apps , tap the three-dot menu button , and select the " reset app preferences " option : this re-enables all previously disabled apps , including the ones you could not re-enable before . hangouts should also stop crashing now .
i can think of two simple ways . 1 . download in to you pc and android one of the many notes app with auto sync between the devices . just drop the link into a note and you will get it inmediately on your phone , from there its a click away to whatsapp . 2 . if you use chrome browser on both devices you can enable autosync of favs between them . so you add the site to your favs in one device and get it in the other .
if you use google chrome , you can sync up your tabs so that when you open the chrome on either your laptop , phone or tablet , you will be able to see any tabs you have open on all of your devices relatively easily .
you might want to check out airdroid , it supports posting directly to the devices clipboard .
another route , if you are on your computer and wanting to send something , is to see if there is an app/program on the computer you are using that would allow you to share the bit of information without involving your phone . i think there are a few apps/programs that allow you to communicate through what is app from your computer . of course i mean at that point you could just send an email or even gchat .
forget the pain of emailing stuff just to share some text . if you are running android version 4.0 and above , check keep from google . keep works on your phone , tablet and computer . everything you add syncs across all of your devices . visit https://keep.google.com/ to open keep on pc . add your notes/text/link/audio note/photo . immediately this would be synced across your devices . you can access the same stuff in your android app . works vice versa as well . get google keep android app from here . click here to watch google keep video tutorial .
if you prefer reset , and if it is only about your contacts and photos , you can sync them to your google account . go to Settings &gt; Select "Google" under Accounts &gt; Click on your Google Account and now select Contacts and People Details . for backing up photos from your phone , you can upload them to google drive using google drive app . after reset is completed , all your contacts will be automatically synchronized from your google account .
there is no where in the stock system that provides the id , however there are apps that will provide it , such as android system info . some stock roms hidden menus also contain this info .
you can do this via adb . does not require root , as far as i know ( tested on a galaxy nexus running 4.2.1 built from aosp source ) :
look in settings-> accounts most likely you will have an account there for facebook . there may be settings for that account that allow you to choose what gets synced . otherwise if you do not need any of it , delete the account . it will not running in the background updating facebook statuses for those contacts . . . should help with battery life , memory , etc . hope this helps .
as ross already stated in his comment , the inability to move apps to sdcard has nothing to do with android ics ( though several manufacturers claim exactly that , it is simply not true : aosp 1 supports this since 2.2-froyo and at least up to 4.3-jelly-bean . only with the " security change " of completely disabling free write access to sdcards with 4.4-kitkat , this feature became unavailable . so whether an update to a higher version of android brings back this feature to your device , depends on several factors : if the update is provided by the manufacturer ( stock-android ) , question is whether the manufacturer re-decided and left the option in – with the exception of kitkat roms , where they are unlikely to do so . if you are planning for a custom-rom , it is unlikely that will ship without this option . it might even have brought it back to kitkat ( the fix required to do so is not that hard to achieve ) – but you might void the warranty of your device that way . 1 android open source project , i.e. the android code basis roms are based on
@viraj mali this is the most required feature which even i wanted to have in my galaxy trend duos but i cannot change it as its functionality which has been removed by the manufacturer itself . if the apps could be moved to sd card then the phone would perform better because on some devices the on board storage space is limited thereby making the phone slow after the installation of a number of apps . due to some security concerns by some of the android developers the functionality was removed . ( i.e. after installing an application from play store you cannot move it to sd card storage ) . it would of no of use even after installing any third party apps available in the play store you would still not find any move to sd card option . this might be weird although some phones have the support even today . finally even after reading this if you still want to move the apps onto sd card then you would have to root the device thereby making your warranty void . so please be sure about it
i had the same problem and had tried all the stupid cache cleaner apps which in my opinion only take up even more disc space . i have a 32 gb card and so everything was on that and had manually cleaned everything out myself . the only thing that got rid of the warning was this . go to mesg folders and find the junk folder . i had over 1000 msgs in there . the only problem was i had to delete them all one by one . i could not find a way to delete the entire folders content with one click so it took me a while . i have not had the warning since so this seems to have cured the problem for now . oh and remember to keep on top of that folder in future . i wil lol .
it is enormously annoying , is not it ? there is no way to suppress it on an unmodified system that i know of , but you can at least free up more internal disk space by emptying system and app caches using an app like sd maid or by going into the application management section ( Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Manage Applications-&gt;All , then click on an app name ) and manually clearing out app data for hogs like google maps and the like using the Clear cache button ( note : do not clear the app data ! just the cache ) .
check out visual voicemail plus by phonefusion . i found a setting in the app under " notifications and sound " , called " disable space warning " . kind of weird that a voicemail app has this function , but it is awesome ! also , you can disable " sdcard not found " notifications and enable an " ignore carrier voicemail " option , for those who use google voice . the " plus " version is free to use , but it does require registration . just use a secondary email for ads . you do not need to purchase . i believe you can even uninstall the app after changing these settings , but i am not sure . edit : now i am actually unsure if these are for the system notifications . i hope someone can confirm this works . i know my voicemail notification is gone using the setting ( except at first boot , which is way better than it showing up every minute ) i noticed that i may have doped , because the sd card settings might be for the app itself , which would make more sense . however , again , the voicemail setting affected the system notification , so there might be a possibility the others work too . i hope my rep does not go down after i just registered for this community . - . -
sd maid might help . you could download it , use it and then uninstall it since it takes up 3 mbs itself . then just re-download it later if needed .
the device goes to sleep when the screen is off and no background services are doing anything ( such as checking for mail ) . when this happens , the wi-fi chip in the phone can go into a low-power state . this saves power while the device is asleep , but has some costs:- next time the device wakes up it'll take an extra fraction of a second to turn the wi-fi back on , making the tablet less response when you turn the screen on . if the device wakes up to perform a background task ( such as checking for mail ) , that'll take slightly longer too , and use more power . that is , the device uses less power while asleep , but waking it up costs slightly more : like the trade-off between keeping the engine in your car running , or stopping it and using more fuel/battery to restart it later . any apps with " push " features ( using google cloud messaging or similar ) will not work while the device is asleep . that is , you will not get google hangouts messages , or notifications from gmail , while the device is asleep . if those costs are fine for you , leave the setting off to allow the wi-fi chip to go to sleep when the rest of your phone does . otherwise , turn the setting on to keep the wi-fi on all the time .
you might want to take a look at e.g. apktool , which is written in java and will run on a mac -- the linked page even contains the installation instructions . you might also want to take a look at apkinspector ( written in python , it seems ) . not having a mac , i cannot say for sure whether it will run on it . mentioned for completeness : apk multi tool . will probably not run on a mac , as the page only advertizes a windows and a linux version -- but maybe the latter can be made working with minor effort , so you might want to contact its developer .
you might want to try apktool . this will run on your mac . and as @izzy mentioned , you can try apk multi tool to get the apk properties . one last thing you could try is viewing the contents of the apk . this can be done by renaming your apk file to . zip and extracting its contents . you will then see a file called androidmanifest . xml , this will show app version , package name , etc .
the best and quickest way to use it is to obtain the tool from the android sdk , called aapt and invoke it from the command line like this : aapt d --values badging some_apk_name.apk an example of the output is shown : this will extract certain but limited values and parse the encoded AndroidManifest.xml ( which is binary encoded upon compilation from java source to apk binary ) .
on my galaxy s3 it is home and power but they need to be held in for about 1 second but it may be different on the s2 edit : according to this samsung have changed the screen shot buttons to be volume down + power on some firmware versions and on others it is power + home heald for about 2 seconds . hope that helps
i was on the same situation like yours . . my s2 updated about one month ago . . do press your home button together with lock or power button and hold it for about 2 seconds . . press it together not separately and hold . . best of luck . . ; )
as the nexus s is a " pure google " android phone it works the way that google intend android to be used , this means that it is designed to sync everything constantly via the internet , it does not have any built in way to do old-fashioned occasional cable syncs with a pc . what sort of account is your outlook connected to ? if it is a corporate account , then it is probably connecting to a corporate exchange server ? if so then , depending on whether your company allow it , you can add your corporate account to your phone and sync your mail/contacts/calendar directly with your company 's mail server . if your outlook is being used with a personal mail account , with mail coming from your isp 's mail servers ( or similar ) then you can either redirect that mail to a gmail account , and then sync your phone with that , or use tools to sync your outlook 's mail/calendar/contacts up to a gmail account whenever your pc is on , such as google calendar sync , google apps sync , google apps migration for outlook or use one of the third party tools that will sync outlook with a gmail account , like plaxo .
i believe eldarerathis is correct being that it is a pure google branded experience rather than samsung but make sure you do not have usb debugging on , which is the problem some people run in to with kies .
there are 2 potential solutions . one , when you use perform task you can pick the priority of the task your asking it to run . if you set the priority the same or higher than the current task ( a good way to do this is to specify '%priority + 1' ) , the new task will completely execute before the current on resumes . if you set the priority of the task lower than the current task 's priority , the current task will finish before the new task starts . since i have had mix results with the use of priority could add a wait until after the preform task . example : 1. WAIT UNTIL MIN: 1 UNTIL: %Done IS SET  the variable , %done , is set at the last line of the task you called . you can set %done to anything but one it is set the 1st task will know it is okay to continue . if you have any further problems feel free to come back and ask more question . if my answer does solve your problem please remember to make it as answered and to upvote my answer . i only ask since i am new and i am trying to build up my reputation . thanks , hope it all works out .
from stackexchange-url you might need to activate adb root from the developer settings menu . if you run adb root from the cmd line you can get : root access is disabled by system setting - enable in settings -> development options root access is disabled by system setting - enable in settings -> development options once you activate the root option ( adb only or apps and adb ) adb will restart and you will be able to use root from the cmd line . source : stackexchange-url
unfortunately there is no solution where you disable notifications from one group and not the other . however , if your question was " i want to get notifications only for individual messages and not group messages " ( which was my situation that drove me to this page ) , here is an answer that may be helpful for other people browsing this page : disable all whatsapp notifications from settings-> apps-> whatsapp . open whatsapp and enable popup notifications for message notifications ( not group notifications ) . now , messages from individuals will appear as popup messages on your phone , so you sure will not miss them . other than this , whatsapp will not bug you for anything else , including notifications of group messages .
in essence you are asking about how to accomplish something with a specific piece of software that is not a part of the native functions in that piece of software . it is like asking " how do i log into icq with skype " -- well , it is not going to happen unless you can modify skype to begin with . unless whatsapp is open source and you can hire a developer to write the function you need for you , or there is other software available for accessing the whatsapp network where this functionality exists or can be added , you are not going to solve this no matter how high of a bounty you set on it . the most pragmatic and realistic approach is to bug the whatsapp developers about this until they add the function you want to the software ( or stop forcing notifications ) .
the only thing you can do is to go into the whatsapp group you want to mute . then press Menu > Mute > 1 Week . that is the longest you can mute a group . unfortunately , it will still display a notification in the notification bar . but it will not vibrate or make a sound anymore .
in the group info page , go to " custom notification " , then change it to disable sound , and disable alert . maybe that will help ?
as of whatsapp version 2.11.238 for android you can also disable notifications when the group is muted . for this do as follows : open your group which you wanna mute . now go in ' options ' > ' mute ' . a dialog box will pop up and as of whatsapp version 2.11.238 select the max period available to mute your group which is '1 week ' . untick the ' show notifications ' checkbox . then click ' ok ' . now you will not receive any notifications from this group on your status bar .
in iphone , you can solve the problem . open group conversation . click on group icon , then custom notification change for custom notification on . change to sound silent and no vibration . in android , you can not solve the problem ; only by turn off all notifications .
if recovery is broken and you can not boot into the os , you are going to need to flash your device via odin . edit : now that you have got it booting i would still re-flash , personally , just to wipe away any issues . download odin here and read that whole page so you understand how odin works . odin 's very powerful and can damage your phone if misused , but can save you many a time ( as it has for me ) if you do things right . then you need an " odin-able " rom to flash . stock is best , such as this one . that page also has instructions for odin , which are basically : boot into download mode connect your phone to the pc start up odin and ensure it sees the phone ( reboot the phone and try again if not ) load the rom you downloaded into the pda field of odin hit start and wait till it says it was successful before disconnecting your phone . after you have flashed a stock rom you could flash another that is pre-rooted or has cwm in order to get to where you want to be . i would highly recommend that over trying the method that got you into this mess in the first place : ) . this rooting method seems better/simpler . flashing modified kernels can be pretty tricky , and you normally do not want to do that in order to root . i always keep my kernels as close to stock as possible .
you have to use the home button on the device ( yeah , the led lit one , it does not light up , but use it ) . the power button does not work for selecting options in recovery . . . .
did you wait some time after the power cord was pluged in ? it is normal that this takes some time to show the charging screen if the battery is not charged at all . for a full factory reset ( that is the most reset that can be done by the galaxy s ) , you want to boot into recovery mode by powering off the device , and then booting it by holding down the volume up + home + power keys . a menu should appear that offers the " factory reset " option .
sounds like the phone simply froze up . try taking out the battery , putting it back in , and then press the power button to start it .
i have tried this on froyo , i can remove the unwanted swype words by : 1 . swype the word . 2 . select that word . 3 . hit the ' swype ' key . 4 . you will get a confirmation to delete the word from swype dictionary . on latest android version , you get a list of words on the top of the keyboard . if the unwanted word comes on top , long tap it . you will get an option to delete it .
swype uses a separate dictionary . you can access the settings for both from within the system settings : from the homescreen , open settings &rarr ; language and keyboard for swype continue : swype &rarr ; personal dictionary for the default keyboard : my dictionary there you can edit/add/remove words from your user dictionary .
google has documented details of the android backup service and of the data backup framework on its android developers website . the descriptions are targeted to developers writing applications but are still helpful : android 's backup service allows you to copy your persistent application data to remote " cloud " storage , in order to provide a restore point for the application data and settings . if a user performs a factory reset or converts to a new android-powered device , the system automatically restores your backup data when the application is re-installed . this way , your users do not need to reproduce their previous data or application settings . this process is completely transparent to the user and does not affect the functionality or user experience in your application . they also specifically address user privacy : google securely transmits backup data to and from google servers in order to provide backup and restore features . google treats this data as personal information in accordance with google 's privacy policy . in addition , users can disable data backup functionality through the android system 's privacy settings . when a user disables backup , android backup service deletes all saved backup data . a user can re-enable backup on the device , but android backup service will not restore any previously deleted data . tl/dr : if the notes app is configured to use the android backup service and has defined your notes as data to include in the backup , then yes , your data is being stored on a google server . toggling Backup my data will delete currently saved personal information from google 's servers that is associated with your google account . this will affect all of your current apps ' backed up data .
generally , it is entirely up to each individual app what data to back up , if any . google 's android backup service provides an interface for apps to tell it what data to back up . that might include files from the data directory , settings , files from the sd card , databases , or even media files that are already visible through the gallery or music apps . if the app is badly written , it may also include transient state or cached data . as a user , the only way you can tell is by asking the developer of an app . google encourages developers to add backup support to their apps , and many users request that feature .
from androidpolice : google will , of course , give you control over your cloud data . the language used here is particularly interesting : they call this data " app data stored with your google account , " which means it is the same " app data " we all know and love from the " clear app data " button . that means all your 3rd-party app data in the cloud , seamlessly synced across devices . however , it is not clear yet how much data is being sent , or if there is a max limit that can be stored on the cloud .
my droid bionic ( running android 2.3.4 ) has a " network lost tone " setting under settings/sounds . if you the phone is in silent mode with vibrate enabled , this setting might cause a vibrate , although i have not experienced that particular scenario . your phone probably has a similar setting .
my galaxy s vibrant has 16 gb internal sd storage , and Settings -&gt; SD card and phone storage reports 12.78 gb . i would assume the ~3 gb difference is due to the reported size being actually in gib , not gb , and partitioning ( the internal data partition is 1.84 gib as reported by titanium backup ) and formatting . the numbers work out , anyways . given that 8 - 5.01 is also ~3 , i would say that you have an 8 gb model on your hands . checking with titanium ( requires root ) or something else might be a good idea .
you need a third party tool to sync your outlook and gmail contact books together . google offers a tool you can download to sync , and there are others out there you can download/buy if you do not like theirs .
as to registering a new google account ( gmail account ) , you can do it on this page : https://accounts.google.com/signup as to how to add the gmail account to your phone , you can do it from the accounts and sync menu :
you can manually add a gmail mailbox using imap in the separate email app . as to adding a google account to sync your contacts and calendar , unfortunately a great many of android devices obtained from china have this " issue " . the best course of action is to flash a firmware meant for the same device , but from a different region . these links might help - superdroidrom for chacha // htc chacha forum on xda
i am not sure if this is the answer you seek , but if you want a calendar app that does not sync unless you set it up to do so , check out colornote . i use the note stuff for jotting down stuff on the run . if you tap the upper-left corner it shows a menu from which you can select calendar . i do not use calendar extensively so can not comment much on it .
to answer my original question , i have found acalendar , which has very limited sandbox requirements . it just asks for your personal information , which it needs to write to the shared calendar store - impressive ! as i have said elsewhere , this leaves calendar items prone to accidental synchronisation with google , but for most people this is acceptable . happily , the ui of this calendar is excellent , with only a couple of niggles ( in particular , the small screen of the europa makes it very difficult , occasionally impossible , to touch on calendar items in the 7-day view ) . issues aside , i am likely to settle on this app , unless a better one comes along !
although my original question was to source a calendar that did not have wide security permissions , the purpose was to avoid having to sync with remote cloud services . i have found a windows product that will do this locally , and the site makes it look pretty polished . this approach ( afaik ) makes use of the built-in calendar , so one just has to trust that it does not sync elsewhere regardless of which sync provider you select . ( side note : i am nothing to do with this product/company . i have not tried it , as i am on os x ) .
there is quite a bit that goes into placing a call to a mobile phone . here 's an excerpt from the wikipedia article on gsm services , slightly edited for clarity , which does a good job explaining some of what happens when a call is placed to a gsm cellular phone . when someone places a call to a mobile phone they dial the telephone number associated with the phone user and the call is routed to the mobile phone operator 's gateway mobile switching centre ( msc ) . the first job of the gateway msc is to determine the current location of the mobile phone in order to connect the call . it does this by consulting the home location register ( hlr ) . when the hlr receives this query message , it determines whether the call should be routed to another number ( called a divert ) , or if it is to be routed directly to the mobile . if the home location register knows that the phone is roaming in a particular visited location register area , then it will request a temporary number ( called an msrn ) from that vlr . this number is relayed back to the gateway msc , and then used to route the call to the msc where the called phone is roaming . when the call arrives at the visiting msc , the msrn is used to determine which of the phones in this area is being called . the msc pages all the mobile phone masts in the area in order to inform the destination handset that there is an incoming call for it . if the subscriber answers , a speech path is created through the visiting msc and gateway msc back to the network of the person making the call , and a normal telephone call follows . all of this and more ( depending on the origin of the call , the carriers involved , and how smoothly things are running on that particular day ) happens in fractions of seconds . when taken altogether , though , it can create a noticeable delay . that is why it takes so long for your wife 's phone to start ringing and that is also why there is not much you can do about it . it is all pretty cool if you think about it .
this is most likely some app utilizing google services . you do not show the details screen to be reached when tapping the graph on top of your first screenshot . please check there , and cross-check with how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? -- the " keep awake " of your second screenshot suggest wakelocks as the " source of evil " . the part what if it is the android system itself ? should help you track the issue down further . another possible -- no , very likely candidate is found in another question i just stumbled upon : google services is killing my battery by keeping phone awake . sound familiar ? ; )
use " unlock root"software it works for almost every mobile phone even i had same problem it roots and also unroots if you want
if you are familiar with the concepts of read and write permissions on various pc platforms , that is pretty much the same as what is going on here . you are giving the application write access to your " external storage " which could be an sd card , or some storage space that comes with your device . that permission indicates that the application is able to create , modify , or delete any files that reside on the sd card ( or the non-removable storage space that the the os treats most like an sd card ) . so it could download a file from online and manually save it to your sd card . it could generate its own image , text , audio etc . . file and save it to your sd card . it could delete any file on your sd card . it could find a file that already exists on your sd ( even one with nothing to do with the app ) and make changes to it .
each application has a specific storage folder . but , some folders are public , like the pictures , music and ringtones folders . so , basically an application can write/delete files from a public folder and from it is own folder . take a look at this link for further details : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/data/data-storage.html#savingsharedfiles
it means that an application can read/write to the entire contents of your sdcard . even if the application does not have this permission it will still be able to read from the contents of the sdcard . giving it modify/write permissions will allow the application to create , edit , or delete files . 99.9% of the time this is so the application can do things like save data to the sdcard . for example this could be images from wallpaper app , or if the app is used to backup your sms messages for you , or even a podcast app needs to save the mp3 file to the sdcard . there has been some " fuss " lately about ios having access to your pictures and other data on the device . you have to remember that these devices are not phones , they are computers that make phone calls . it is no different if i install an application on windows/linux/osx , the application will have access to every file on the system that i have access to . if you do not trust an application to install it on your pc , you would not install it . you should use the same thoughts with your phone , but keep in mind that you may have even more personal information on the phone then you would on your pc .
it appears to be an i2c interface . according to this post on xda-developers asusdec is the name of the keyboard dock device . when i cat /proc/bus/input/devices on my transformer , this is what it says about asusdec: also , ps shows a com.asus.keyboard process running as system . that is an android process . i am not sure how exactly it is getting the input from the keyboard , though . i assume it has sufficient permissions to open the device for reading and converts the incoming keycodes to android events .
the launcher application on some phones does not provide the ability for a scrolling wallpaper , the only way to fix this would be to download a separate launcher . here is a list of most of them - https://play.google.com/store/search?q=launcherc=apps
http://androidforums.com/samsung-galaxy-s3/586033-galaxy-s3-cheated-some-us-leaving-out-scrolling-wallpapers-2.html#post4756930 citation : " scrolling wallpapers glitch when they have infinite scrolling . if you scroll past the end of the wall paper , it'll sharply shift to the other side of the image . i would imagine some find this to be unsightly . the developers at samsung probably see this as a problem and probably thought infinite scrolling was a more important feature than wallpaper scrolling . "
3g watchdog keeps separate totals for wi-fi and 3g data use , so there should be no confusion about whether it is from the mobile network allowance ( 3g data ) or some wi-fi hotspot . the watchdog can also be set to disable your 3g connection at some level ( eg 80% ) before you hit your limit . avg ( antivirus ) now includes a data usage monitor , but just warns and does not disable , as far as i know . if i had a limit , i would prefer to have the connection broken in case i started a high traffic application ( eg world wide webcam ) and might be charged for traffic above my allowance ( network i used in 2012 charged around 100 gbp / us$ 150 per extra gb of data , something to avoid ! ) .
assuming that you are using a galaxy ace with android v2.3 ( gingerbread ) , i suggest you to use an application like 3g watchdog or onavo count . but if you are using a android phone with android v4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) or higher there is a built-in option in settings menu called " data usage " .
i see 3 solutions for you : you can use quickshortcutmaker ( or any similar ) application to add launcher to any installed application ( or android activity ) . not sure if it helps , but you can check your launcher 's settings . there should be item " hidden applications " ( or similar ) . install and use another launcher .
a factory reset seems to work for some people . you might want to back-up your files / data before doing this . source : problems with jelly bean 4.2.2 update
change to standard mode of your home screen mode
just hold the back key and it will come back , its probably in hidden mode since the icon is highlighted and shows its on .
try enabling the " stay awake " setting under developer options to keep it " active " while connected to the usb .
we have been looking for an answer to this for some several months . unfortunately , the most hopeful response i have seen is this one , which suggests moving the mac mini to linux , whose usb stack is described as ' more forgiving': stackexchange-url we are going to try shifting to a spare ( pc-based ) linux box for the time being ; i will try to remember to report back whether it is more reliable .
if you purchase the paid version of launcher pro you can crop widgets . just long press on a widget with launcher pro installed and running , and then let go . it should be highlighted in an off orange/yellow color . in the lower right corner is a little arrow type icon , click this and drag to crop the widget . not sure how to do this otherwise .
you might want to take a look at this website : tun . ko repository they got a long database of tun . ko for android phones . if you can see your phone model , kernel and build number on the list , just download their app which lets you load the module from their database to your phone . after that you can then use a vpn for your android .
cyanogenmod 6 is froyo , and ships with openvpn support for armv6 phones , such as my htc magic . if nothing else you can unpack the update . zip they supply , find the tun . ko driver , and push it to your phone via adb .
if fastboot from your computer can not find it , try following these steps exactly , beginning with installing the Requirements below . the most likely problem is some sort of driver missing , disallowing the computer from reading the phone in while it is in the bootloader . this guide can be found on addictivetips.com, and uses a fastboot program from your computer to unlock the bootloader : requirements : fastboot package . sony ericsson usb drivers ( 32bit and 64bit ) . a functioning internet connection . steps : to begin , navigate to this website : http://unlockbootloader.sonyericsson.com/instructions . click continue at the bottom of the page and enter your device’s imei code , name and email address in the relevant fields . your unique unlock key will now be mailed to you . now unzip fastboot . rar and open the folder extracted . within that folder , hold the shift key and press the right mouse button . now select open command window here . now we need to connect the phone to the pc in fastboot mode . do so by turning the phone off , holding the menu button ( search button for the xperia play ) and plugging in the usb cable . now in the command prompt , enter the following command : fastboot.exe -i 0x0fce getvar version now enter the command , replacing key in the string with the unlock key mailed to you : fastboot.exe -i 0x0fce oem unlock 0xKEY that is it ! the bootloader is now unlocked .
have you tried doing a factory reset ( you will lose all data ) ? steps to do a factory reset are found here .
i was able to solve the question : the problem was i couldnot find the driver for the device . did it the manual way by selecting the android adb interface driver . and then used adb push &lt;local&gt; &lt;remote&gt;  to push the file on to sdcard . more references on the same can be found here .
android default icon provides the functionality color of the icon ( gray ) already indicates " sign-in required " type of connection . ( credit goez to izzy )
according to samsung uk it will be getting ics , so i would say that it has to be compatible . quote from samsung uk 's twitter : Hi, good news - the Galaxy S II will be receiving ICS, but there are no dates confirmed as yet. We will keep you posted.
there is a specific document describing the official requirements of ics called the " android 4.0 compatibility definition " . you can compare this to the phone 's specs to see if it matches the official requirements and hope that samsung continues to support your device long enough to upgrade it to ics . if not , your only hope is for an unofficial port of ics , similar to teamhacksung 's ics port for the original galaxy s . these are not officially supported and will cause you to void your warranty .
yes , it is compatible . maybe this can help you : installing android ics 4.0.3 on samsung galaxy sii
try " all apps in play store " xposed mod
it is not possible to limit the download bandwidth via code running on the device . it is up to the sender how fast to send data . all that such an app could do is to throw away packets once they arrive at the device , which is after they have been counted by your carrier . those packets would then have to be resent , being counted again . the effect would be that websites and c . would take longer to load and use more data to do so .
opera mini has options to enable loading images and also to specify the quality of images , if they are loaded . if you are rooted : installing a firewall ( like droidwall ) helps to prevent unwanted apps to access the network . installing an adblocker ( like adaway ) will prevent ads from loading , and in turn reduce network usage .
technically they can inspect the http headers and look at the user-agent field to determine browser and os ; but imagine the millions and millions of http requests for web pages and applications in a given day . they can do trends , and data mining techniques to find out - but is it worth all that effort for them just to track down someone using a few more mb of bandwidth ? probably not .
is the app from the carrier itself ? if you root your phone and install a custom rom you are erasing the phone and anything that was pre-installed by the carrier . it should work fine after that , or if you have a international version of the phone . also , they can only see how much data you are using , and they just make it slower if they see you are using too much .
eldarerathis may be right ( from his comment ) . the tethering app itself might be monitoring your usage , with statistics being sent to the service provider . try using a different tethering app- if that might help . but again , i say , it might not make a difference whether the device is rooted or not .
nope , no limit . source at xda-developers forum
taking a look at our app2sd tag-wiki , there is a solution to that – but it requires your device to be rooted . simple2ext ( s2e ) offers to move apps , their data , and some cache to the sdcard . alternatively , as cache resides on its own /cache partition , you could also use directorybind to move that to sdcard entirely . again , this requires root .
you should clean cache regularly , a lot of cache can make your device slow , you can use auto cache cleaner free to clean all the cache quickly , you can also schedule an automatic clean up too ! android maintain caches and removes un-needed caches however , i have read in google developers docs that the app should maintain the cache itself and the developer must not rely on android to maintain the cache but some apps does not maintain cache as needed , and so you need to clean them , usually cache should not be more than ~25mb per app , and should not be more than ~75mb in all the device ( however , it depends on the number of apps . . )
i would think that one of the one-ear bluetooth headsets would do this automatically .
that is a pretty well known " feature " . do not worry , your data is backed up there – it only does not restore . and you cannot even really delete it there . so in some way , it is " safe " . . . things you might want to look up in this context : what exactly is synced with google ? underlines what i have said before , and also shows you ways to check what is " synced " google backup : multiple devices using the same account - what happens on restore ? plenty of details on how that " google cloud backup " works ( and sometimes fails ) what info does google backup ? well , the title says it all : ) issue 17354: " automatic restore " rarely works , and then only partially what i already indicated above , and most likely the answer to your current issue . note that this ticket was opened in june , 2011 – and still has the status " new " . one of the comments also includes a possible work-around : here 's what i did that worked . i factory reset the device ( again ) , and then at the very first screen ( where you choose the language ) , i turn it off . i put in a difference sim card , turn it on and then proceed with the normal setup . this worked for my nexus 4 . heise on undeletable wifi passwords ( german ) if you do not believe me about " undeletable backups " , this is my reference . the article is in german , and the publisher ( heise verlag ) is one of the most famous and most trusted sources here in germany , concerning it topics . there are many many more references i could give , but that would be a bit much for here . so a last hint : check the " linked " and " related " question links on the ase q and as i have linked here .
the best way i know is to use an app called tasker . its price is a little steeper than most , but it is very useful once you start playing with it . check out lifehacker to see some other examples of what tasker can do . here are the steps for what you want to do : open tasker select " new " name it " wifi alert " ( or whatever ) select " ok " select " state " select " wifi connected " enter the ssid for your network make sure the " invert " check box is checked select " done " select " new task " name it " disconnect " ( or whatever ) select " ok " select the "+" icon select " alert " select " popup " enter some text ( wifi disconnected or something more ominous ) select " done " select " done " select " apply " you could also make your phone vibrate or play a sound if you prefer . if you are worried you will not see/hear the notification in your pocket , you can also automatically disable wifi until you have the correct credentials . just add another action to the task by going to " net " , selecting " wifi " and setting it to " off " . tasker is great fun to nerd out on and is not nearly as complicated as my numbered list might imply .
ok , i think they have fixed it some weeks ago , as i did not notice any new sms message that comes after a real hangouts message .
the functionality is different with kitkat as you can choose your default sms application in the wireless and network settings . below is for 4.4 and for 4.3 and below . open the google-plus-hangouts application . for android 4.4+ ( kitkat ) ( as per the above ) : click on menu then settings . click on sms . click on the setting " sms enabled " under the general heading and change your default sms application . for 4.3 ( jelly bean ) and below : click on menu then settings . click on sms . untick the setting " turn on sms "
go to settings -> under data usage tap more tap default sms app and select your sms app source with detailed instruction : http://howto.cnet.com/8301-11310_39-57613499-285/manage-default-sms-app-on-android-4.4-kitkat/
i have recently flash a custom rom called " omnirom " ( aosp , kitkat based ) , and i think this problem is now gone . not sure why it occurred , and why i do not see it anymore . maybe it is because of a bug on 4.3 .
it allows you to " mark " a card . it is a kind of bookmark that allows you to find this card easily later . the most common case is when a card needs editing , but you do not have time/tools to edit it right now , so you mark it , and you will fix the card when you are back home . why not edit the card right away , instead of just marking it ? examples : you are reviewing in the bus , and you notice a kanji that you probably entered wrongly , so you need to check . but you need the library 's huge kanji dictionary , which is too heavy to carry in the bus . you realize you made a typo when entering a latex formula . you will only be able to fix it next time you are at your desktop computer . you have a doubt about a card , and must ask a native speaker , but there is none around . reference : http://ankisrs.net/docs/markedcards.html thanks for using ankidroid !
you can not set an icon on the notification bar to " let you be online all the time " , it is not user defining option . but the service is always running , like thelper said , you do not have to mind that , you will receive the messages without the icon appearing all the time .
the idect ihomephone has android . i do not know whether or not it comes with google play however .
motorola also has a device similar to the archos simon mentions , though they do not seem to be available for sale yet , despite clearing fcc approval back in april . binatone also offers such devices , though it appears to only be available in europe there is also android-based voip units , like the panasonic kx-ut670 , though i imagine that is not what you are looking for .
apparently yes . the archos smart home phone is an android phone priced at £130 in the uk : http://www.androidcentral.com/archos-smart-home-phone-now-available-get-android-your-landline although the reviews on amazon uk arent very good : http://www.amazon.co.uk/archos-501809-smart-home-phone/dp/b005h0m8lw binatone ihome phone idect with dect and android technology http://www.amazon.co.uk/binatone-ihome-phone-android-technology/dp/b004ebv1gi currently unavailable ( maybe its that good )
well , astro is not designed to do so . should you need to create / edit docs , you had better go for other apps , i.e. quick office pro , docs2go , etc .
after looking through the help file and through astro quite a bit , alas , i believe the answer is no . while it does allow for editing , the only option for creation is directory ( folder ) creation , as you pointed out . that being said , i think this would be an excellent feature , and might be worth suggesting to the developers . i know you said you did not want other apps , but to show one directly with the feature . . . this is x-plore file manager
you can copy an existing ( save a blank master somewhere easy to remember ) and edit that . a little cumbersome , but effective .
a partial solution is to create a silent notification sound and use it as default , and then set custom notification sounds in each of the apps you use , assuming that the apps allow you to choose your notification sound . most stock sms apps and whatsapp allow this , but the latest version of skype does not .
short answer : no . long answer : adb install is a " shortcut " that is equivalent to open a shell ( using adb shell ) and type pm install . pmstand for package-manager and his behaviour is the same as other package manager in other linux distributions ( like aptitude in debian or pacmanin arch linux ) except that pm does not fetch package from a distant location . the play store is an application like others , and we can not call android applications like we call a program like a c or " normal " java program , because the .apk file is not actually a binary , but a simply zipped package . it is the dalvik virtual machine ( sort of equivalent to the java vm ) that deals with running applications . the play store application simply download the application you want and then run pm install on the package downloaded .
if you are going to send it in for service , they might decide to make a " clean install " . in that case , your apps and data are of course gone . with a " normal update " , apps and data might survive . but it is never a bad idea to make a backup ( see also our backup tag-wiki for hints , as well as the links to further information contained there – especially full backup of non-rooted devices ) . this way , even if some or all apps do not survive the update , you can still restore them from your backup .
google play is covered by the terms of google 's privacy policy , and in fact links you to it when you first launch the app or visit the link in the play website 's footer . the very brief summary is that they divide it into : " information you give us " - any info provided during registration device information - noted to be "...your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number" log information location information unique application numbers local storage cookies and anonymous identifiers since google 's apps are proprietary i doubt you will get much more definite information than that unless you ask google directly . you can read the full text of google 's privacy policy to see how they use the information they collect ( among other things ) .
one of the restrictions introduced with 4.4-kitkat was moving the WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE permission to protection-level " signatureorsystem " , which means even if requested , a " normal app " ( i.e. . one you install yourself as " normal user " without any root specialities ) will no longer get it granted . so there are very few things you can do to " work around " this : obviously : rooting the device , and removing this limit using the app 's " personal " directory as storage for your sync'd files ( i.e. . &lt;sdcard&gt;/Android/&lt;package_name&gt; , as this is the only place an app can write on sd with kitkat ) using your internal-sd card as storage ( as here the limitation does not apply )
this feature ( syncfolder pc to phone ) will be developed in snapsbackups android app . snapsbackups execute backups phone to pc by wifi network and withtout human interaction . the backups will be performed when the system notifies the application that wifi network is connected . snapsbackups evaluates that wifi is a personal wifi , verify that exist a backup for this network and execute it if necessary . on a next release , snapsbackups will allow to sync phone with folder pc . no background activity if not necessary . stay tuned !
one way you can achieve this is using an app - rsync and use a tasker job to periodically ( or conditionally ) upload/download data from your phone . you can refer to rsync 's documentation for its configuration and other setup steps . you can configure it to only specify required one way transfer of files .
foldersync could come in handy here . define a " folder pair " ( i.e. . which directory on your android device to sync with which directory on your computer ) , using any of the available protocols ( sftp , samba , or any other ) . then either chose for some " auto-check " ( e . g . have it synced every night ) , or push the button manually . using the paid version , you could even bring in tasker – which is what i do : " every night at 3am , when connected to any power source and to my_wifi network → sync all my backups , photos , whatsnots " : )
i currently have a moto g and i use google drive to transfer files to my device . if i want something to send a file right to my device without cables i use wifi file transfer . it is super lightweight and does not run in the background . it does not have a folder option but i like manually sending stuff right to my phone since i only have 8gb of storage . [ note ] the other answer from user67521 looks promising , i will definitely check it out !
if you just want a fresh start with your phone , you do not need to reinstall the os at all , because os files and user apps and data are stored separately . in normal use , the os partition is read-only . all you need to do is a factory reset . this wipes all user data and apps , but does not usually touch the sd card . the process to follow is slightly different for different phones , but there is usually two ways : either reboot into recovery mode , which has a " factory reset " menu item , or from settings → backup and reset .
the image transfer from s3 uses s beam , which is a proprietary technology used by samsung . it does not use nfc for the actual data transfer , but instead creates a wifi direct ( ad-hoc ) network between the devices and sends the image over wifi . nfc is just used for " pairing " the devices . since nexus 4 is a vanilla android , it does not have the necessary application for this , and i suspect this is why it opens the play store . instead , most nfc-capable android devices support android beam , which uses bluetooth instead of wifi direct to transmit the data . there is a suggested solution in another question that could work for you .
tethering on three 's ( or most other uk telco providers ) unlimited plans is against their terms and conditions . you will have to switch to a plan that allows tethering or use an add-on . see their tethering info page for more information . also see their terms and conditions however some phones will still allow you to tether , i am surprised it does not work on the gs2 . did you buy it from three ? so the tether function still works , but when you do tether a laptop , they send you a message ? generally they detect mobile usage that comes from pcs and laptops and then they ban you . but tethering to other mobile devices seem to work , and also if you keep your data usage low , they may not bother . another possible work-around is to try and spoof the user agent and trick three into thinking that the data is being sent by a mobile device . however , this is not fool-proof and they may still be able to detect , for example downloading a windows update . just to be clear , i would still recommend you buy an addon or join a different plan which allows tethering . if you think the terms and conditions are unfair , file a complaint or switch telcos . update : information on three 's the one plan sim plans with all-you-can-eat data do not allow tethering ( except for the one plan ) . if you would like to tether , you will need to choose a pay monthly plan and / or an add-on that does allow tethering . so it is possible to get the one plan , for unlimited data and tethering . and from tethering explained if your smartphone plan includes all you can eat data , then this is for data consumption actually on your smartphone . it does not include using your smartphone as a modem to connect other devices such as laptops and tablets – also known as “tethering” . tethering is included in ( i ) the one plan ; ( ii ) the one plan sim only ; or ( iii ) by purchasing an ultimate internet plan with the tethering add on . the add-on can be purchased via my3 on your handset and is also available to customers on our talk and text plans . see their pay monthly plans
just reset your phone . if the issue persists , call them .
i have solved the problem with this app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tetherunlocker be careful to have only one apn for mobile traffic and remove the apn for tethering traffic .
if your remote pc has linux , you could do it through scp command . see here an explication of the command . you could run this command from a terminal emulator like this one . short example : scp -r path/to/folder user@remote-PC:/path/to/where/to/save/the/files scp path/to/file user@remote-PC:/path/to/remote/location/where/to/save/file * -r option means recursively copy entire folder . if your remote pc has windows , take a look at pscp . another way is to install es file explorer file manager . * select the local files you wish to transfer ( actions -> copy ) * in lan section access a folder from your remote pc and paste ( actions -> paste ) the selected files . * the folder from remote pc has to be shared with write permission .
i use wifi file explorer for this sort of thing . there are free and paid versions . the app acts as a web server showing the file system as a web page with all the nessasary options to copy to and from another device viewing the website . you browse to it over the wifi link . works really well although for a really big transfer plugging the cable is is faster . it will be a year or two befor we start to get phones with 802.11ad style wifi with multi gigabit wifi speeds which will make this a doddle .
i have the same phone and got it to work on eduroam just now ( was actually googling for solutions when i managed to solve it myself ) . was your problem also that you could not find the right part of the settings ? weirdly you need to first just try to connect any old how ( so it is saved as a network you use ) and then long-press on it and choose " modify network " . this time you get a much longer list of options and can choose peap etc as in the university instructions -- at least , my university instructions work ( http://www.oucs.ox.ac.uk/network/wireless/services/eduroam/android/ ) and i believe the point of the network is that you only need to set it up once . however i am already on the 4.1.2 update . if you still can not get on you could check if the ota is available for you yet ( all settings -> about phone -> system updates ) .
i had the same problem with my razr i ( android 4.0.4 ) and was able to solve it by installing wifi connection manager . within the app , 802.1x peap is available for configuration .
you can change the appareance of your device using the go launcher ex applicationn that is available in the play store . if you are looking for the intergration of ( new/old ) features on your device your best bet might be installing a different rom . a rom is like a modified version of android . it requires your device to be rooted though . there are not many rom databases on the net but the unlocker provides you the tool to select a rom based on your device manufacturer .
to change the home screens , you need to install a new launcher application - search the play store for Launcher and see what is available .
i believe the basic answer is no . obviously it can not be done with applock since all the settings are accessed through the same app , but further than that you would have to somehow determine what the settings app was doing and prevent it . this would be very difficult , and impossible without root . i think the settings app must be open-source , however , given that manufacturers can customize it . you could possibly modify it to lock out the application settings unless you enter a password , or something . that is beyond the scope of this site , however . another alternative is widgets that alter the settings directly . i am sure you can get a widget that would allow you to edit the brightness and that sort of thing without going through the settings app . i am not exactly sure how widgets like this work , however ; it is possible they might call into the settings app , which would prevent this . in that last case , it might also be possible to set up something like applocker that allows settings to run if it is triggered by a " privileged " application . you could make the brightness widget privileged , so that the settings app can make the brightness change when requested to , but everything else would still be protected . i assume applocker can not do this , but it might not be hard to develop ( again , out of the scope of this site ) . i know this is kind of vague , but hopefully it provides some sort of help .
after reading a bit this seems to be a pretty common issue with folks who are running skyraider on their devices . i do not know exactly what they are talking about , but apparently your radio needs to be the right version in order for your wifi to act properly . this thread over at incredibleforum looks like it might be where you need to start .
most likely the app has chosen not to show them for that particular input box . from a technical perspective , this is controlled by flags on the TextView object that represents the text area control ( e . g . the TYPE_TEXT_FLAG_NO_SUGGESTIONS option ) . i do not believe there is any way to override this setting if the app chooses to disable it . it is probably also important to note that it is a bit of a one-way street . suggestions are enabled by default on all text areas , but will obey the global setting , so an app can not forcibly enable suggestions in any way . if you have the global setting turned off , they are off everywhere . the logic that the developer documentation provides for allowing apps to forcibly disable suggestions is that in some cases they simply are not very useful . the specific relevant quote would be ( from the above link ) : . . . this is useful for text views that do not contain words from the language and do not benefit from any dictionary-based completions or corrections . . . i would wager the market disables them because app names and such have no obligation to be dictionary words , so suggestion attempts would often prove rather futile . i would also understand the same being true of your second example , which sounds like a source code editor ( i assume that is what you mean by " syntax highlighting" ) . it would be sort of akin to visual studio underlining misspelt words in source code - it provides no benefit since most of the text will not be dictionary words .
you can add the power control widget to the home screen to control those functions . open the app drawer , find the power control widget , long press and drag it to the home screen . there are also many widgets in the market that offer expanded functionality when compared to the stock widget .
the widgets you ask for are on the notifications menu on my galaxy stratosphere . however , it is possible that this is part of a carrier-provided ( verizon ) modification . for me , it is easily accessible , but out of the way , preventing accidental changes .
on startup , check adb logcat for an init message that mentions the hwcomposer . if you have a logcat viewer on your device ( such as catlog ) , you can use that , too .
no . a factory reset does not re-lock your phone .
no because efs files will not be updated by factory reset
what version of android ? as of jellybean 4.2.2 , you had need a newer version of adb , as there is a security implementation built into jb 4.2.2 , in that , any " unauthorised " computer with usb cable plugged in , will show the device as offline , rendering any file transfer/copying etc useless . with the new version of adb as downloaded from google or for your device , you will be prompted to request authorisation and to allow it , based on a cryptographic key generated by adb so that the computer is " trusted " , then the contents can be copied/transferred .
unfortunately , unless someone ( almost certainly the sensor manufacturer in conjunction with the camera manufacturer ) has provided methods to get raw data from the sensor level all the way up through the android stack , it is going to be somewhere between very difficult and impossible . even if you did get raw data , most processing suites probably are not going to know enough about the sensor data to do a good job of processing it into a decent image .
a ) yes , you can use your external as an internal storage . ( requires root access . using link2sd . i do not know any other app ) b ) yes , it is possible to unroot your device . ( http://www.wikihow.com/unroot-android ) c ) i have not tried that . but , yes you can do it . i think that you want to avoid using link2sd app because of the risk . so i suggest you move your apps from internal memory to an external memory ( if you have any ) . by rooting your phone your warranty will be void , plus you take a huge risk . ( but if anything goes wrong , you are not alone . so you will always find a solution on net :p ) this is the biggest disadvantage . but on the bright side there are plenty of things you can enjoy .
http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2573353 here is a short code to get teh phone to show debug mode : *#197328640#
yes , the android as well as blackberry versions of google 's authenticator app supports multiple accounts . press menu and choose scan barcode after you have set up your new google account for 2-factor auth to grab the displayed barcode or enter details manually . details : https://code.google.com/p/google-authenticator/
https://market.android.com/details?id=com.google.android.apps.authenticator google authenticator creates two-step verification codes on your phone . google authenticator works with 2-step verification for your google account to provide an additional layer of security . features : automatic setup via qr code support for multiple accounts time and counter based code generation to use this app , you need to enable 2-step verification on your google account .
on my samsung fascinate i click on this button next to the address bar : and it takes me to this screen , which also has a history tab ( top-right ) : the functionality shown above is also available to me on cyanogenmod 7 , leading me to think that it is a feature of the stock browser ( i.e. . not added by samsung ) .
note this is " one way " to get there on a true stock android browser . samsung , for some reason , removed the bookmarks menu item . eldarerathis ' answer will work for both stock and the touchwiz ( samsung ) versions of the browser . open the browser press menu key select bookmarks here are the bookmarks there should be a tab that is called " history " you can also clear the history from that tab .
if you get to a website on your samsung the button is present on the right of the address bar . you may 1st have to stop the loading of the website that you are on to cause the button to appear .
no . on all android phones i am aware of , the " messaging " or sms app is just an sms app . it does not try to sucker you into using a proprietary chat service by pretending it is giving you free texts . there are many im and chat services for android if you want to use one instead of texting . like the iphone , there is even one that ships with the phone , but unlike the iphone , it is a separate app , called hangouts . hangouts looks and feels like a chat system , not an sms app , and it includes voice and video calling , sending files , and group calling . android allows third-party apps access to all the phone functions , so if you really want to use sms and a chat system in the same app , i am sure you can find a third-party sms app that includes both , such as skype .
the best you can really do currently is to buy them from the market ( web or app ) and then just cancel the download/installation when it starts on your device . this only works with apps your device supports , though . purchasing unsupported apps was the topic of this related question .
some devices , e.g. the galaxy s , have a cache wipe option in their recovery . clockworkmod recovery has a " wipe cache partition " option as well , it should be one of the options when you first boot into it . some older versions might have it under " advanced " .
you can delete the application cache directories , in /data/data but that will also remove any settings and things like that . you can also use clockwork recovery ( if its available for that device ) and " wipe data " , but again , it will clear out the settings too . if the sdcard is the big concern , you can either use adb or even windows ( when the sdcard is mounted ) and delete the folders that contain the cache data that is taking up space .
quick app manager is also a good ( albeit not-free ) choice for bulk cache cleaning . with it you can do one-touch clearing of all application cache . quick app manager quick app clean cache becomes quick app manager , a complete and powerful application manager : cache cleaner history cleaner task killer app 2 sd manager ( for android 2.2 or higher ) mobile traffic plus ! a security tool helper that displays non system applications using potentially risky permissions .
there are plenty of apps available that will do this . one that supports both manual and periodic cache cleaning : 1 tap cleaner 1-tap to clean all cache , search histories and calls log . a default cleaner is also included . are you running out of application storage ? you now can get more available storage space by clearing apps created cache/data files .
it does not wipe the os ( the system partition ) , only the user data . it is a precaution so that an attacker can not install a new os to get around android 's security protections on your data . see why does unlocking the bootloader wipe phone ? for more details on why . when you first boot the device after unlocking the bootloader , if you do not flash a new os right away , it'll go into the first-time setup wizard ( where it asks you to sign into or create a google account ) .
when unlocking your bootloader it wipes the tablet , so any data you have on it will be erased . so do a backup before doing anything . unlocking the boot loader will not wipeout the os , that is only done if you install another rom . rooting the nexus 7 is probably the easiest device to do it on . here are some links that i have used in the past to accomplish that . the xda forum : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1766475 the nexustoolkit download : http://www.wugfresh.com/nrt/ read both thoroughly , everything is explained in an easy to understand way . the xda forum is a great source of invaluable information . the nexus toolkit is very concise , with an intuitive ui , that runs on your pc . this will unlock the boot loader , install ( flash ) recovery , install your boot . img ( kernel ) , and install rom . there is a vast amount of other features , but you will find them out when using the toolkit .
i doubt there is an answer to this beyond " because that is how google designed its apps " . android itself does not require a google account to use , only google 's proprietary applications do . cyanogenmod and other pure source builds of android are actually forbidden from distributing the google apps within the firmware package itself because of their proprietary nature , and if you install such a rom without the associated google apps add-on you will not even have the ability to add a google account in your settings . if you do not want to be tied to google then do not use the apps they produce , but also do not be surprised that they want you to sign in when using services that they provide . it is really not that different from any other app or website that requires sign in to use the services it provides , in my opinion , but if you do not like it use different apps . re : the question about why maps specifically requires a sign-in on android but not ios : the comments about the ios one being developed by apple could certainly be correct , and i do agree with those statements . in addition , apple may not want you to sign in google 's servers with their maps app . it would create a tie ( however loose it may be ) between you and google 's services , which i am sure apple is trying to discourage as much as possible to prevent customers from jumping ship to android . another angle you have to keep in mind is that google is pushing pretty hard to tie together all of its online services as much as it possibly can . based on their priorities and their business model , it makes sense that the android version would try to integrate as tightly as possible with their other services and with the web . it is in their best interest ( from a business perspective ) to try to make android apps and their web counterparts as seamless as possible in order to attract users to android who are already heavily invested in google 's products . of course , this is just conjecture on my part , i think only google could truly say why maps works the way it does .
you need a google account only if you want to use google services . if you do not want to use google services , you are free not to have a google account . however , it looks like you actually tried to use one of google services ( google maps ) and you were suprised that it requires a google account . by the way , you can use the rest of android without a google account since the operating system itself is free and open source .
skitch ( same developer as evernote ) can draw on top of a picture , but not on a document .
your new device has a small amount of internal memory and a large amount of storage memory . this larger section is termed as /sdcard and the contents of a physical microsd card inserted into your device is assigned the label /sdcard_ext or similar . the android media scanner will intelligently scan thru your entire sd card ( both if you have a physical card inserted too ) at boot time . you can place your music files in the following folders . ymmv due to differing versions of android . /sdcard/Music/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as user music . /sdcard/Podcasts/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a podcast . /sdcard/Ringtones/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a ringtone . /sdcard/Alarms/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as an alarm sound . /sdcard/Notifications/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a notification sound . /sdcard/Pictures/ - all photos ( excluding those taken with the camera ) . /sdcard/Movies/ - all movies ( excluding those taken with the camcorder ) . /sdcard/Download/ - miscellaneous downloads .
from : stackexchange-url stackexchange-url https://github.com/cgeo/c-geo-opensource/issues/703 all of these people are posting issues or logcats relating to the gps on their phone , i would imagine yours is something similar if it is in a line like : DEBUG/(2696): [HYPOS] NOMOVE Time 13114, PowerMode 2, GPSWeakSignal 19, GPSFixTime 0, Car 1, DOE 3  the fact it also says gps in the log cat entry is a hint also .
an app developer can use any word as log tag . the log tag ' hypos ' can be from any good/bad app that you have installed in you phone .
there are several apps available in a market which hepls you to recover your deleted messages . you should try this one how to recover deleted text messages from an android smartphone
rendering tamil characters is a challenge as there is no one glyph to one character mapping as in english . earlier versions of android ( before 4.1 ) does not have this support natively . which means unless the manufacturer or the author of the rom decides to additional support , tamil characters cannot be rendered properly . there were few hacks which helped those users who did not have such roms . but those hacks were not always successful . with many users lamenting on google 's support pages , i guess google decided to provide this feature from android 4.1 onwards . these are the ability of the vanilla android rom ( i.e. . the factory images for nexus 4/7/10 ) : supported : display tamil characters with proper conjunct rendering in browser display tamil characters with proper conjunct rendering out of browser in file names , sms , contacts ( which means you can have a contact and its details in tamil characters ) . display tamil characters with proper conjunct rendering in apps like notes editor , facebook , twitter , ebook reader etc . not supported : no keyboard to input tamil character - swype has tamil language support . you even swipe along the keys to type which is much better and much needed input method for tamil input . no interface language as tamil - which means the menu , home screen , settings etc will not be in tamil . i have a rooted lg p500 which runs android 2.3.3 . thanks to lg which had added support for proper rendering of tamil characters in contacts , file names , text ( sms ) messages and many other apps . with swype keyboard i am even able to type in tamil as well . however , when i tried to use a clone of cyanogenmod rom based on android 4.2.2 , i observed that tamil characters are not even displayed ( all characters were displayed as empty space ) . replacing fonts did not do the trick . i later understood that due to limited /system partition size of my phone , the rom developer has to chop off some components and i guess whatever did help to render the tamil characters has been axed . i also have a nexus 7 running vanilla android 4.2.2 and it works superb with tamil . again , swype also works and i am even able to mix and match english and tamil characters in all apps . so if you want to ensure tamil can be read without any user intervention , i would suggest you to buy phones that have android 4.2 installed . again chances are there they can be trimmed as my lg p500 experienced .
i had a problem with the phone rebooting apparently without any cause about once a day , i only realized that because it played the boot sound . i think that was because the case i use might fit a little bit too tight and in some situations pressed the power button for a long time which , if i do that intentionally also initializes a reboot . i have adjusted the case and have not experienced the problem since then .
yes , it is a " loose " battery issue . i had the same problem with my galaxy xcover and cured it totally by adding a layer of thick adhesive tape at the end of the battery in order to press it harder against the contacts , and 2 layers of adhesive tape at the back of the battery in order to keep it more firmly in place . problem solved ! !
i had the same behaviour , related to frequent " driving mode " madness . i do not know if the driving mode is an effect of the same cause or not , but when one stopped the other did too . what i did to stop it ( some might be bs , but it did not do it a second time , so i can not find out what was the help ) dry it off ( some rain might have gotten into the usb port ) clean the usb port . shut off , remove battery , wait 10 minutes restart . connect to wall-outlet-charger ( full charge , as opposed to computer charge ) stop charging it with el cheapo , very thin , shaky cables .
yeah my samsung galaxy s2 behave like that sometimes . . . i thought i pressed the power button for quite too long ( i was using an annoying skin fit cover ) . but now that you mention it , yes it happens . but ever since i am using amzer covers there has never been a problem like that . yes the some weird app eats up memories and shuts down the phone , but it is not turning off anymore .
not sure about other galaxy devices but the note 2 shuts off on it is own under various conditions , all hardware related . take a look at this video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjln2yikyni and also this site i built that goes in to more detail regarding the issue : www.galaxynote2shutsoff.com one look at that short video and i am sure there will be some light bulbs going off . be sure to read the details i provided on that site as well . they go in to detail about the problems that i have had and the lack of proper support that samsung is willing to provide .
when you put wifi in sleepy condition , it keeps cpu busy and overloaded putting wifi on and off frequently , so putting wifi never sleepy condition the cpu is less burdened and more efficient , which ensures phone never shutdown on its own .
i had the same problem , my phone switches off and on for about 20-25 times a day , , horrible isnt it , well . . ! ! this is wat i did to over come this problem , and it worked fine . go to settings > wireless and network > wifi settings > using menu option choose advance settings > wifi sleep policy > select " never " > press menu option and save . . have happy time : )
have you tried using a custom launcher first ? nova and apex ( among others ) give you a stock aosp feel with many extras including the ability to use custom icon packs . you can get a customized look and feel without the warranty concerns that come with rooting and custom roms .
you will have to create your own custom rom , e.g. customize the aosp build , which is the most standard android version you can imagine , no extra 's from htc or samsung etc .
yes , you can , but needed to use compartible rom ( if you do not want to break your phone ) . but before flashing it is recommended to read forums , were potential and actual problems with rom are described . example : xda developers forums , android development subforums for you device ( rom are hardware specific ) . every phone with unlocked or possible to unlock bootloader .
looks like the icon for the " silent " or " vibrate " mode . these icons are different depending on the skin manufacturers/carriers put on their phone , but those wavy lines usually represent vibration .
the third table in this page mentions " vibrate": https://motorola-global-portal.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/48504/~/droid-x---phone-status-%26-notifications even though the first table clearly depicts a different icon for the vibration mode , although with the same zigzag pattern . the pattern is also the same as the icon i have for vibration mode on my sgs : cheers !
it is limited to specific locations , and only available with a data connection . see this question on the location limitations and this question on alternatives .
google 's official list of countries with google maps navigation ( beta ) available is here : http://www.google.com/support/mobile/bin/answer.py?answer=172221 currently 29 countries are listed there . if your country is not in the list , the simplest workaround i found is brut . all ownhere modified changepn google maps apps on xdadev .
the app zt-180 adhoc switcher works with a rooted p1010 tab according to this thread on xda-developers , and as far as i know , ipad can create ad-hoc connections . have not tested this so use at your own risk .
android 's debugging bridge adb supports backup/restore : adb backup -f wifisettings . bak presents you a message on screen which you need to confirm ( and maybe enter a passphrase ) to create the backup . adb restore wifisettings . bak restores it . just set up your phone to a very simple initial state ( nothing else besides the wifi settings , or so ) . then backup . adb also supports partial backups ( adb -f backup . bak com . app . name ) , but the wifi settings are not part of a particular app , at least i have not figured out which package to backup to catch the wifi settings . another way : is your phone rooted ? then " adb push stored_wpa_supplicant . conf /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant . conf " will restore your password file .
this is a suggestion , it may not meet all your critera and not all routers support it . set a second ssid on the router which is not broadcast have a simple password on this ssid with a minimal number of characters implement mac lockdown on this ssid enter the mac of your phone as the only approved connection your router will only accept connections from specific mac addresses on the new ssid , even if others guess your password .
i am assuming that you are talking about kindle fire which runs ( heavily modified ) android os . all purchases made on a kindle are linked to whatever amazon account you are signed in with , not the actual device . if you wish for your purchases to be separated , you will need to have a different amazon account for your second kindle fire . now the problem is that there is no way to share purchases between accounts . as far as i know , you cannot add a second amazon account to the kindle ( like you can with multiple google accounts on plain android . )
it sounds like you have hard-bricked your phone . the only thing you can do to get it back is send it in to get it jtagged , or jtag it yourself . the jtagging process is quite complex and unless you have a lot of experience in hardware hacking , you probably should just send it in to have someone else do it right . i had a similar situation to the one you are in : is there a way to restore my samsung galaxy s3 ( sch-i747 ) ? which ultimately led to : how risky ( if all ) is it to return a rooted android device under &#39 ; warranty&#39 ; i returned my phone to at and t under warranty and they just send me a new one . i did a lot of research on at and t and samsung to see their policies on returned phones . basically after searching the internet for a couple of days i had concluded that the general consensus is this : should you return a bricked phone that you were trying to root ? no , it is a breach of the warranty and the warranty is null and void will i get caught if i try to return a phone that i bricked while trying to root it ? highly unlikely . if your device is not under warranty , then you have to send it in to get jtagged . in order for your phone to get jtagged , they have to open it up and do all sorts of stuff to it . if your warranty is still in effect , i would highly recommend going that route first .
got it , buttonremapper .
tasker looks like it allows you to remap at least some of the hardware buttons . note that the android os spec has some very specific requirements for android devices . you may not be able to remap certain things .
button shortcut will let you assign shortcuts to the camera and search buttons . the home button could be replaced with another home launcher-like app that handles that intent . however , i do not believe you will be able to re-map the menu and and back buttons without root access to the phone 's system due to security reasons . although within an application you should be able to programatically take control over these buttons with listener events ( but it is strongly discouraged to override the default behavior of the back button without valid reasons ) .
i own a droid ( or rather , its brother milestone , the gsm version of droid ) and i found its hardware keys not so durable : my power/lock key stopped functioning after a year and the volume down button is failing too . so you might wanna give it a second thought if the durability is ever a concern ( i cannot lock/unlock my phone with a press of button anymore ) . in fact there are quite some apps out there trying to do the reverse , i.e. mapping hardware keys to on-screen touch buttons .
your router in the office is blocking ports - while accepting port 80 for http requests . contact your administrator . i know , at my office , our admin had to change some settings ( but i do not know what ports were necessary ) .
if you need easy access to it then menu -> settings -> cyanogenmod settings -> display -> interface -> notification power widget - > widget buttons -> toggle orientation will add a widget on the notification menu that lets you enable or disable rotation . just about the only time it seems useful is if you are lying on your side and you want the phone to stay in landscape , but it sure is convenient for that .
Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Display -&gt; Auto-rotate screen - this option should disable screen rotation throughout the system . Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; CyanogenMod settings -&gt; Display -&gt; Rotate 180 degrees - this option disables the " upside-down " rotation only .
for setting file permissions , you can use the chmod command . the permissions shown are basically split in 3 parts , each consisting of 3 chars : a triple for the owner , the group , and for " others " . usually , each triple holds definitions for reading , writing , and executing a file ; so rwx means " can read , write , and execute " , while r-- would say " can only read " . the resulting 9 chars are usually preceded by another one , giving information of the type of the " file": ( d ) irectory and ( l ) ink are the most common examples . again , if no " special condition " matches , a leading - indicates a " normal file " . based on that , let 's take your input : -rwsr-sr-x obviously describes a " normal file " ( starting with - ) , readable ( r ) by owner , group , and others , writable by owner only , and executable by " others " ­– while owner and group have a s instead the x for execute . this stands for " suid " , elevate the caller to the level of the file owner/group . taking advantage of the fact permissions can be set " bit-wise " ( x=1 , w=2 , r=4 , suid user=4 , group=2 ) , after my long " rant " finally the command which should do the trick : chmod 6774 su  should set the permissions your question shows . if i " mis-calculated " , you have got all information to re-calculate for yourself now : ) additional hints from the comments : instead of calculating the " bitmask " , one can also use symbolic names – as dan hulme pointed out , and as explained e.g. on the chmod manpage : defining whom to grant to : ( u ) ser / ( g ) roup / ( o ) thers / ( a ) ll defining what to grant : ( r ) ead / ( w ) rite / e ( x ) ecute / ( s ) uid defining whether to ( + ) grant or ( - ) revoke so the following two commands should be similar , provided there have not been other things granted before : chmod 6774 su chmod u+rws g+rs o+rx su  the difference becomes clear in case e.g. before " others " had also write permission : while the first command ( using a bitmask ) sets the permission explicitly to match the " grants " defined ( and thus would remove that write permission ) , the symbolic one " makes a diff " ( in the example , it just adds the permissions specified to whatever was there before , so that write permission would not be removed ) .
download go launcher ex and install it and then download the go widget called go switch widget . this widget will allow you to switch among many apps through one touch very easily .
widgetsoid will allow a user to create a bar of toggles - add the mobile data toggle in the network section . then tapping that will toggle the data connection . of course - a search turned up many other dedicated options . try and use whichever you like best .
it is almost certainly a software issue , i have read forum posts saying that the call gets dropped when apps/accounts try to sync over the data connection . as a temporary solution you can turn off account sync/background data . hopefully it will be fixed in 2.2 .
you can always go to the wi-fi settings menu where you connect to wireless networks and see if you are connected . you should see below the ssid the word " connected " if that is the case .
if you are connected with wifi , your mobile connection is automatically disabled .
there is not a specific place that it shows , but the wifi connection will take priority over the cellular data . if you wanted , you could perform a speedtest to check your service provider , but that should not be necessary . also , if you are worried about updates and whatnot using your cellular , the downloads will initiate on wifi ( if you have that option ) but they will continue on cellular if you lose the signal .
i have written a tutorial on how to get mtp devices recognized under ubuntu . if you have already installed mtptools and added the udev rule , you still need to create a static mount point for your device and let mtp know that is where it lives . make sure you have restarted either your computer or the udev service since you added the udev rule ( sudo service udev restart ) , and then sudo mkdir /media/mtpdevice ( call the directory whatever you like ) sudo chmod 775 /media/mtpdevice sudo mtpfs -o allow_other /media/mtpdevice attach your phone ( make sure it is unlocked , if you have a pin or swipe pattern ) . you should then be able to see both the internal and external cards . note that you will not be able to open files directly from the cards , you will need to copy them locally first .
as suggested by @logos this works ( take care of using sudo ) : sudo mtpfs -o allow_other /media/MTPdevice  however mtpfs is very unstable on this phone so i tried go-mtpfs and i found out it works better . you can install go-mtpfs using the info provided in their site the command to mount the phone is very similar ( change the bin path according to yours ) : sudo /usr/lib/go/bin/go-mtpfs /media/MTPdevice/  automount once you are able to mount the device with the above command you can make the phone automount : you only have to add a couple of rules to udev . you will need those info : id_model ( mine is tcl_s950 ) id_model_id ( mine is 0167 ) installation path of go-mtpfs ( mine is /usr/lib/go/bin/go-mtpfs ) you can find those info running this command in a terminaludevadm monitor --environment --udev and plug/unplug your phone . now you can create/edit an udev rules /etc/udev/rules.d/99-android.rules and add these lines ( change id_model and id_model_id with yours ) : at this point everything should work , check this thread for more details : source
actually , the easiest way is to modify /usr/lib/udev/rules . d/69-libmtp . rules adding your product id as it is likely that it already contains your vendor id , so create a new line for your device with your vid and pid , restart udev and it works !
assuming you are using a ubuntu 12.04 or 12.10 based distro ( v13 and up supports this natively ) and that gvfs-mtp is already installed : add the backport repository for mtp support in gvfs : sudo add-apt-repository ppa:langdalepl/gvfs-mtp sudo apt-get update  upgrade the system , you should see many gvfs packages in the list : sudo apt-get upgrade  reboot . source : http://blog.sukria.net/2013/03/09/support-for-nexus-4-in-ubuntu-12-10/
this may sound obvious , but have you enabled usb debugging on your phone ?
i found a related github repo but do not know if its official or from some rom developer . from the source the file heads_of_state . txt is listed under ime but has been removed in the latest commit ( the only other commit ) . the commit message is " deleted uneeded lg 's calibration apk " . i can not conclude anything from this but maybe this will be helpful .
just found this strange python script that is included in the xt9 . note that it uses the ' heads_of_state . txt ' file as input for something . seems like a sorting script or something .
i searched the internet for it , and the file seems is for developers testing purpose , this file can be found in other platforms either . i found it in : python android php seems like foo bar case
try betterbatterystats or gsam battery monitor pro . both apps can provide you information on which apps/processes/services are initiating wakelocks , how many times they are doing it and how long they are keeping the device from going into a deep sleep . this may help you identify if it is an app or a system process that is going crazy and waking your phone when it should be idle . they both have free versions but i have only used the pro version so i am not sure if the free versions will accomplish the same thing .
try uninstalling some applications . the same thing happened to me and i fixed it by uninstalling my most recently installed app .
this happened to me , samsung galaxy s3 , was killing the battery . after chasing my tail wrt applications , i found a post about the power connector on the bottom of the phone . if it gets slightly bent down it will cause a problem ( short against something i assume ) and cause the screen to intermittently become active . take a non-conductive ( not metal ) thin piece of something and very gently move the power connector so it is centered in the hole where it sits . then try hooking up the power charger ; it is easy to move it too much , so the it can not plug in . the idea is to center the connector in the hole . if this looks beyond you , find your nearest friendly geek . fixes the problem immediately .
i am one of responsible developer of uzumapps . we developed app called " wakelock detector" ( wld ) for showing statistics of wakelock usage . it is an alternative app for betterbatterystats or gsam monitor . if your screen lightens up randomly , then i think some app is holding " full_wake_lock " with acquire_causes_wakeup flag , check : powermanager our app shows " full_wake_lock " statistics also , which will help you to determine the suspicious app . most probably it will be the currently running process . wld at googleplay
if you have a fastboot-enabled bootloader version ( such as the old 0.76.0000 engineering hboot in the evo 's case ) you can use that to flash it from a pc via usb . reboot into your bootloader , then select the " fastboot " option from the boot menu ( if it has one , it may start up fastboot automatically ) . once it is ready , go to your pc 's shell and execute : fastboot flash recovery /path/to/recovery.img  you should also be able to use the flash_image binary if your rom has it ( or you install it from xda ) . copy the recovery . img over to your device somewhere then do the following : C:&gt; adb shell $ su # flash_image recovery /path/to/recovery.img 
one way is to open rom manager and choose " flash clockworkmod recovery " . select your device when it prompts and wait for it to download the latest ( non-touch ) recovery . using a file browser , go to /sdcard/clockworkmod/download/&lt;site&gt;/recoveries and paste your . img there . &lt;site&gt; may be mirror . kanged .netor something else , just check the folders till you find an img file with the current date . rename the existing . img to something else and rename yours to the exact same name as the existing file was named . for example , rename recovery.clockwork-3.0.0.0-evo.img to bak.img and then name your file recovery.clockwork-3.0.0.0-evo.img . then return to rom manager and flash the recovery normally . another method is to use fastboot from your pc . put your device into fastboot mode and then : fastboot flash recovery &lt;path/to/your-recovery.img&gt;  another is to use a terminal on your device : /data/data/com.koushikdutta.rommanager/files/flash_image &lt;path/to/your-recovery.img&gt;  ( you can move flash_image somewhere more manageable first , just make sure it has execute permissions . )
what worked for me was going onto my pc , opening gmail contacts , and deleting the contact photos one by one . then voila , the non-compressed pictures are back on my android .
apparently , this is fixed as of android 4.1 jelly bean : see the api overview for jelly bean and you find this :
this is due to a limitation of gmail more than anything . gmail only supports contact icons with a resolution of 64×64 , while ics supports up to 256×256 . when you give a contact an icon , android uploads that new contact icon to gmail . . . which then promptly downscales it . . . . and then android thinks you changed it to the low-res icon and uses that instead of the nice and pretty one you picked out .
i am not sure if your issue is the one i am addressing : gmail does not save anything bigger than 96x96 . so when your contacts are synced with gmail , they are downsized . if you wipe your phone and re-sync , the 96x96 photos will be downloaded to your phone . i could not find any solution but to write my own app , which uploads the high quality photos to picasaweb under a private album . give the app a try : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.oxplot.contactphotosync
let 's get one thing clear , the contact resolution is still too damn low , even after the " fix " for 4.1 where the pictures were slightly enlarged . as of now , there is only one workaround if you want crisp contact pictures . create a folder with high resolution contact pictures . it is a great idea to backup this folder to dropbox or similar , you do not want to have to collect these pictures again . download hd contacts ( free ) from google play . this app will let you specify one " hd " ( high resolution ) contact picture for each contact . you can backup the database of contacts/apps from here , and you can redo all contact pictures in a batch when needed ( like after installing a new rom ) . until this is fixed server side and google allows the sync of shiny high resolution pictures , all we can discuss is workarounds , and this is the one i find to work the best .
try pushbullet , it can show you the messages but does not have reply features .
newly installed third-party keyboards need to be enabled in your settings before they become selectable . make sure you have it checked under Settings-&gt;Language &amp; Keyboard after installing .
android default browser uses webkit check out second paragraph : wikipedia webkit description
it looks like the cyanogenmod installation instructions for m7 are missing a section for flashing clockworkmod recovery onto the phone . right after you unlock the bootloader , you need to do the following : download and install android sdk tools from here ( expand the " download for other platforms " , and it should be under the " sdk tools only " section . ) download the latest version of clockworkmod recovery image from here . scroll down to " htc one " and select either the regular or touch recovery . save the .img file somewhere on your computer . download and install usb drivers for the phone . restart your phone in bootloader mode by turning it off , and then turning it on while holding the volume down button . connect the phone to your pc via usb cable . your pc should recognize it . open command prompt ( assuming windows here ) and navigate to the platform-tools subfolder of where you installed the sdk tools ( e . g . cd C:\android-sdk\platform-tools ) ensure the connection works by issuing the following command : fastboot devices this should show you the serial number of your phone . if this returned nothing or gave you an error , something went wrong during usb driver installation . flash the recovery by using the following syntax : fastboot flash recovery [path-to-recovery.img-file] . for example : fastboot flash recovery c:\recovery-clockwork-touch-6.0.4.6-m7.img this sends the recovery image to your phone and flashes it . wait for the success message . issue the following commands : fastboot erase cache followed by fastboot reboot-bootloader your phone should reboot back into bootloader mode , and you should now be able to enter recovery and continue with flashing cm .
if you know where the photo was taken then a desktop app that lets you edit the picture 's exif info , like microsoft 's pro photo tools , will let you add a geotag later . in pro photo tools it is as easy as using the built-in bing map viewer to put a pin on the map , no need to mess around with latitudes and longitudes if you do not want to . as for editing on the phone , i can se a lot of apps that let you view or erase the exif info , including plotting your pictures on maps , but can not see one that lets you add this info on the phone . you could use something like geologger to log your position on the phone , so that you can use that later on to add to photos if they have not been properly geotagged .
actually i found such an app , after a fair bit of searching . photo geolocator ( google code ) currently you can not look up locations via an address , so it only really works for nearby locations , but that is still better than having to edit images on a pc , imo .
uninstalling all play store ( market ) app updates fixed it for me . go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications and uninstall the updates from the play store app . this will leave you with an older version of the app , which is probably named " market " . then you should be able to install or update apps . after a while the play store update will be installed once again , but you still will be able to install or update apps .
you do not need to copy the email address . gmail pulls it from an auto-created contact ( with only one value ) . merge this contact with the contact you created manually . procedure : using stock contacts app , select the contact in which you want to insert email . tap Edit from menu . on edit contact screen , tap Join from menu and choose email address contact .
mtp is the better option in most cases , since the protocol is actually designed for this use . ptp is offered as an alternative since macs do not understand mtp by default ( you need to install " android file transfer " on the mac to make mtp work ) . this protocol was designed for pcs to access photos from digital cameras , so it can only access the photos on the phone , and it might trigger a photo management app on the pc instead of a file manager . to learn more about why mtp was introduced , see my answer to why is android file transfer necessary ?
i must say , that is the weirdest thing relating to android hardware that i have heard . but anyway ! i would say that your next step would be to do a rom re-flash using odin . however , there are not any images available for the ace 3 . so , i am assuming wifi does not work at all ? being as soon as you turn it on , it turns your phone off ? because that sounds almost like your wifi modem has a some sort of " short " ( that is the best word i could think of - i am not necessarily saying an electrical short ) in it , and it is causing your phone to die . sounds like you may be due for a new phone , unfortunately .
i believe your installation was selected for the experiment ( aka field trial ) . the chrome team sometimes rolls experimental features to a limited number of users ( like 2% of all installation ) . then they gather some statistics to see how this feature performs . the new style of the new tab page seems to be one of those experiments . you can turn it on ( and off ) via chrome://flags page in your browser ( search for enable-new-ntp ) .
you need a launcher app to do such things . try using launchers available on playstore , like nova launcher . launcher will give you access to hiding notification bar , configuring desktop grid , playing around with doc and so on .
unfortunately , there is no way to do this , even if you were to be rooted . the sdcard filesystem does not support being mounted as ro . if you try to mount it , you will get an error . as well as this , the only way to mount it ro , if there was one , would require root .
i disagree with liam 's answer . its possible with root , you can just use the " root explorer " app on play store and navigate to /storage/extsdcard/ and on the top , click the " mount r/o " button to mount the drive as read only . surely if you know the linux codes , you should be able to make it into a widget for it :p ( one line or so ) ( i think there is an app that makes widgets from busybox codes ) - that could be your answer
on some devices/roms most mount points seem to be defined in a special config file called /etc/fstab . in this case , you can ommit the device information and options , as they can be automatically determinded . however , other devices/roms use init scripts to create the mounts , and have the special options defined there ( cm7.2 on my motorola milestone seems to be one example for this ) . if you omit the device information here , you will simply get an error . so which variant to take very much depends on the device/rom . safest way is to first check how the file system in question is mounted ( e . g . using mount |grep system to show it for the /system mount point ) , and then adapt this information for your use .
android uses by default toolbox , if you want you can use busybox instead . i have not found documentation except a string in the binary saying Usage: %s [-r] [-w] [-o options] [-t type] device directory and the toolbox/mount . c , which is at http://gitorious.org/android-enablement/system-core/blobs/bc7b0cbe156da639f0cbe17bf89725d87e86512a/toolbox/mount.c
try going to the application manager . find gmail and make sure that show notifications is checked . that fixed all of my problems .
have you checked to see if sync is on ? on ics+ go to Settings-Data Usage and press the menu button , and ensure ' auto sync data ' is checked . then go to Account-&gt;&lt;select your account&gt; and ensure gmail , or email is selected . bear in mind that the email app can not push emails - it can only poll the server at a minimum of every 5 minutes . if you are on less than ics , then go to System Settings-&gt;Accounts and Sync and ensure sync is turned on . select the account , and make sure gmail is checked .
yes you can do this . for this , i am assuming you are using the stock google keyboard . open settings and tap on language and input . tap on the settings icon next to google keyboard . tap input languages at the top . deselect " use system language " and then select any keyboard languages you wish to use . now in the keyboard , the space bar will display the current selected language . to change to one of the other active languages , press and hold the space bar and select the language you wish to use .
it means that an app with the same app id is already installed in your phone . for eg : if there is an app with id com . example . app and you try to install another apk with same id it will give that message .
no , it is not . a windows rt bootloader would have to be leaked and customised for the tf201 , would like to see it as well though ; - )
windows rt is based on entirely different system altogether - right from the bootloader up to user interface . also , windows rt is proprietary so there is a fat chance that the code would be available to make it work . what about : booting mechanism kernel drivers for the chip-set support there is far too many to mention , and quite possibly would require a re-write for it to adapt to the asus tf02 ! : ) this is equivalent to asking if apple ios can be loaded on a android handset and vice versa , in plain simple word , the answer is no - nigh on impossible and there would be so much hackery to get it to work , let alone boot .
i know that in the browser you could do : CTRL+I = Zoom-in on page. CTRL+O = zoom-out on page.  i wonder if this works in some other applications . have you tried the + and - keys ? how about CTRL++ or CTRL+- ?
no , sorry . the only way to use pinch zoom is to pinch zoom - using multitouch .
i am not aware of any native settings for this , but there is an app that was built to bridge the gap : lockscreen policy . when you first launch it , you will need to hit the " activate " button to give it device administration permission , then you simply toggle the camera to " off": one caveat to this app that the author notes on the google play page : does not work on touchwiz android 4.2 . x firmware ( such as galaxy s4 ) however , this does not apply in your case , since the n4 is not running touchwiz .
using this as source procedure- turn on the portable wi-fi hotspot on your android smartphone ( or tablet ) go to the settings screen on your android phone . you can get there by pressing the menu button on your device when you are on the home screen , then tapping " settings " . at the settings screen , tap the " wireless and networks " option . you should see an option for " portable wi-fi hotspot " . click the check mark beside it to turn on the hotspot and your phone will start acting like a wireless access point . ( you should see a message in the notification bar when it is activated . ) to adjust and check the settings for the hotspot , tap the aptly named " portable wi-fi hotspot settings " option . you will need to do this if you do not know the default password that will be created for your hotspot so you can make a note of it for connecting your other devices . you can change the default password , security level , router name ( ssid ) , and also manage users connected wirelessly to your phone in the wi-fi hotspot settings .
i would not advice this , you can see other questions on here about people asking if they can use different model numbers on their phone and everyone says no . a suggestion to you would be the following , go on the xda website here link and type in your phone and model number into their search bar . from there you should be able to click on their forum for android development , from there you can select a custom rom to flash to your phone as you said you are new it is required to firstly root your phone before flashing a new rom , as you have not provided your phone model i cannot give you a direct link on how to root your phone , if you can update this detail i could find you a link afterwards . also if you decide to root your phone flash a custom rom please note that it is your risk , doing so will void your warranty and if you end up with a bricked device ( not working ) i or anyone giving instructions in any links you use cannot be help responsible . with regards to the problem with only sending a sms if it is 80 char or less , i am not 100% sure as i have not experimented with various different custom roms but there may be a option that you can select to try and fix it , personally i would post another question on this website just for that issue all the best
has your friend invited you to the event ? i have never seen my friends ' events in my calendar , only when they have invited me too . for these events you need to remove the event by going to the event 's facebook page , scrolling all the way down and clicking the " remove from my events " link in the footer . facebook will not sync the rsvp info for some reason , so " hide declined events " in the calendar options will not hide events that you are not attending ( which is very annoying by the way ) .
the way to solve this requires you to go onto the web version of facebook . from the newsfeed page , select ' events ' from the column on the left . on the events page , select list and press the cross in the right hand corner of the event you want removed . then on your phone , open calendar and press the menu button , select sync and it should remove the event . for some reason , facebook does not seem to inform your calendar of declined events , so removal is essential .
depending on the calendar app on your phone , you may be able to do this easily . i am using a samsung captivate with froyo , and can hide facebook events by doing the following : open Calendar Menu > More > Settings Calendars check on or off the various calendars you want to display . on mine i have phone , gmail and facebook . unchecking the facebook one removes these events from my calendar . in addition to which phone and calendaring app you use , this may also be affected by how you sync your facebook calendar , via the official facebook app or via some other ' social ' software . if you give details about your phone , calendar and social software being used , someone may be able to give more detailed and/or directly applicable help .
under " settings " then " call settings " in gingerbread there are two settings that might be doing this . 1 call forwarding . this might be referring incoming calls to a dead number . 2 call rejection . this could be rejecting your calls - just adjust the options set . if you have a new phones but amended its ' birth ' number to the original number you used on the old network this might have something to do with it too . i did once have a phone which in certain situations remembered its original number which was by then not live on any network- just a thought .
have you considered uploading the documents to google docs and using the android google docs app in the tablet ? we use this system to allow mobile devices to access shared documents and work pretty well . i you combine this with google cloud connect you can edit the documents directly from office when you are at the office or from google docs when you are away .
i have mobisystems officesuite 5 for my android ( phone , not tablet though ) . but i have never had any problems editing files , saving them and then opening them in office 2007 and 2010 . it does not have a save as pdf , but it does let you save in either . doc or . docx formats for word , xls and xlsx for excel , and . ppt and pptx for powerpoint
if there is nothing better , adobe has a free-to-use ( except your doc't goes to their site : slight privacy risk ) conversion web app ; see their main site . .
and how do you think you can determinate upstair/downstair location ? transformer has gps receiver , but its precision in indoor use is way too low to have a reliable altitude reading .
disabling a notification for particular app wont ' save battery . yes it would a little by not ringing and vibrating and also by not making you look at the phone . actually notification is handled by os itself . an app just says that i want this notification to be displayed and os handles it . in your case those apps are running in background using service and periodically asks the os to display the notification . event though you have disabled the notification the service is still running and still requesting the os to display notification .
on android devices , when you turn airplane mode on , it automatically disables packets data usage and any other network functionality . after , you can turn wifi on without any extra cost issue .
this was an issue with the computer i was running adb on . i took the transformer to work and adb worked perfectly first time .
i use " es file explorer " as a file explorer on my device . this allows the creation of file shortcuts . once installed , just choose the homepage you want the shortcut , press and hold on the homescreen and you should be prompted to add a widget / app / shortcut . in shortcuts , choose " es file explorer " and it then lets you choose the file you want a shortcut for . perhaps if used in conjunction with a git app you can create the shortcut to a file within a repo saved on your device ? never tried it but do not see why it would not work
uninstalling the app that is doing this is your best bet . as you have noticed , it is an unreasonable liberty to take with your phone . there is another possibility : i made an app burly which lets you control what your phone does when an app tries to open a web link , such as to a play store app page . even when other apps ( such as the play store app ) can open the link directly , it lets you preview what link will open , and create rules . you can make a rule to automatically ignore links to apps on google play , except when you allow it first . burly is a free download from google play . after you install it , the next time an app tries to open a link to the google play website ( which would normally open directly in the play store app ) , android will ask you what app to use . choose burly from the list , long-tap do nothing ( ignore this link ) from the list of actions , and then click save rule and go .
are you clicking on ads inside apps ? because they would pop-up play store immediately . remove all those apps which pops-up ads very frequently . if no - try signing out of the play store and stop it forcibly using app manager . then start it and login again . post what happened .
volume limiter i stumbled upon your question googling the same thing
since i cannot comment on a reply to my own post , i will answer it saying that user ai e . nailed it . i have already done that , and would love to help other users do the same . i have succesfully installed it on an amd processor on a dell computer -- if anyone needs help like i did , just let me know .
tap 7 times on build number and it will appear
apparently only the tablet owner ( first user created ) has access to developer settings . i was using another user . stackexchange-url
you will not be removed from groups if your number is same ,
you retain your groups if you have the same number . off-topic , you may also want to check the official documentation on how to back-up and restore your chat history to the new phone .
just backup your chat whatsapp-> settings-> chat settings-> backup conversations . this will backup your chats to a database on your whatsapp folder of your sd card . copy the folder to your new phone and just install whatsapp and activate your account from your number . restore old chats when asked . voila :- )
this is a protection that htc uses to ensure quality in their devices . to re-install their custom stock you must re-lock you phone , to do this place you phone into fast-boot mode and plugin in via usb : at the command line ( or where ever you may have the fastboot binary ) execute these commands : fastboot devices fastboot oem lock this will lock your bootloader and allow you to run the ruu . your device should now report " locked " . after your device is locked , proceed with running your * . exe on windows . ( make sure you are installing the right one first ! ) list of ruu 's : http://androidfiles.org/ruu/?developer=endeavor full tutorial : http://androidforums.com/one-s-all-things-root/691874-guide-how-run-ruu-your-htc-one-s.html
one solution would be to use a program such as teamviewer and set the computer 's cursor to a red dot , or just use the regular cursor . teamviewer has a program that runs on the computer , and an app that allows you to control the computer from your phone . i think it would work quite well for what you have in mind .
it is totally possible , and there are a lot of remote touchmouse apps available on the android market . just search remote mouse , touch mouse , etc . that being said , i think that will be even nicer is to have an app that uses the orientation of the device as the cursor position , i.e. it works like a real laser pointer . ( that i have not seen yet and i am coding one . )
you can try using the phone warrior app . it helps to block unwanted calls and sms
there is not an option that allows you to do it on stock android , you had have to use an app . i have used blacklist before .
use truecaller app ! you can even block a number from sending you texts !
sidestepping the debate over the legitimacy of installing that app on your phone , the question of verification is one that i have been meaning to understand for a while , and you have prompted me to try to figure out a possible way of verifying who signed an apk . android apps are signed in the normal manner of . jar files ( . apk is really just a special . jar which is just a special . zip ) however it may not be trivial to trace the authenticity of the certificates unless you have something known good to compare to . that is basically what the phone itself does - verifies that something that claims to be from the same party as something already on the phone actually is - the phone does not refuse to install things with unknown signers , it can only ( object to/clear application data of ) apparent forgeries when something new does not match something old that it claims to . you will need to have jarsigner and keytool . i believe these come from the jdk which is a prerequisite to the android sdk rather than the sdk itself . first you want try to verify the public key contained within the . apk . usually this is in meta-inf/certs . rsa but it can be in another file - unzip -l will tell you . you want to see what you can find out about it : unzip -p suspect.apk META-INF/CERT.RSA | keytool -printcert  that is going to dump out a lot of information about who the signer claims to be . some certificates are apparently themselves signed by known parties , but without figuring out how to trace that , i suspect you could do something like this : unzip -p suspect.apk META-INF/CERT.RSA | keytool -printcert | grep MD5 unzip -p knowngood.apk META-INF/CERT.RSA | keytool -printcert | grep MD5  if you have a known trusted apk from the same author who used the same certificate . i am assuming that the certificates having the same md5 sum is enough . assuming you have decided to trust the certificate , then you can see if it has been used to sign each of the files within the . apk jarsigner -verbose -verify suspect.apk  ( if there is more than one . rsa file in the archive , you should add the -certs flag to tell you which certificate ( s ) have been used to sign each file , so you can be sure its the certificate you verified )
the shell on android is placed in /system/bin/sh instead of the regular /bin/sh – i wonder where you’d see /sbin/sh which i’ve never encountered in the wild on any unix ( and violates the posix standard ) , but in this place you should just change the script/invocation involved . most commands are in the $PATH anyway , so calling them with explicit paths is not necessarily needed . that being said , android unix userland is very minimal – it didn’t even include a cat(1) implementation until recently – so you may be disappointed a bit . some people suggest using busybox on it . if you do , make sure to not replace the system shell , as android’s default mksh(1) is much more powerful than busybox’ ash . disclaimer : i’m the mksh maintainer .
unlike a desktop gnu/linux system , android is not designed for command-line use , so it does not come with the full set of command-line programs that a gnu system would have . it only has the most basic commands ( like the ones you have already seen working ) , and android-specific utilities such as am , pm , bmgr . you can get access to the basic posix commands ( such as less and grep ) by installing busybox . there are several installers for it on google play . for any more specialist programs like make , you will need to find an android port of the particular program and install it .
having the free go launcher ex installed , you can install go launcher jelly beans theme , also free , and fully personalize your backgrounds . ultra clean , sharp app drawer with free replaceable backgrounds to change app drawer background : press menu > pref > visual settings > backgrounds > app drawer background > go theme background
when you are in the gesture settings you need to click on the tab that says " dolphin sonar settings " in the bottom right hand corner . there you will have the option to " enable bottom left button . " this puts the new " dual purpose " gesture and sonar button in the bottom left hand corner . fwiw , i think the whole sonar thing is annoying and i do not understand why they reduced the customization options . i prefer my gesture button on the right !
the gestures icon is now multi purpose . when you click the icon and the dolphin sonar comes up , there are two buttons on the bottom . that will toggle between sonar and gestures , remembering which one you had setup last .
skip lock screen ( formerly " unlock with wifi " ) will let you bypass your device lock screen if you are connected to your home wifi network . ( or whatever wifi ssid you define . ) i used it a year or two ago and it worked well . there is also a trial version .
i am not sure what did it but it must be os dependent as once i installed cyanogenmod9 alpha6 i had those options available under performance settings and they also became available in the tasker menus as well .
use a usb 2.0 port . sometimes usb 3.0 screws up with adb
couple of suggestinos that might work : first , try to update your android sdk with the android sdk manager . sometimes , due to a old version , newer phones are not recognized . i am assuming you are using windows . wich version ? x86 or x64 ? when you go to device manager and see Android Phone &gt; Android Composite ADB Interface , does it have a yellow admiration mark ? if yes , the the drivers are not installed correctly . this might be a bit trivial , but have you tryed to reboot your pc and your phone ? also , what minsdk version do you have in your application set , and what version does your nexus 4 have ?
it could be that mtp interferes with adb/usb-debugging : in my case , mtp ( media transfer protocol ) was enabled . so i disabled it in storage settings ( see : settings→connections→usb connection mode ) . everything works smooth now .
you can use apndroid to toggle your data on/off . alternatively , if you still want data and have a sim phone , you can force it use 2g only in the network settings .
you can activate the airplane mode to shutdown everything ( calls , wifi , etc ) , and then re-activate the gps . only the gps antenna will be activated . . . i think :d
this is possible with a free app called quick settings . you do not need to root your phone . you should know that if you turn off your data , you will not have real time set to the maps , but you will still be able to record your gps data . to get around that you can download offline maps app like maveric . ill add links to this answer later when i am not driving and using speech to text .
take a look at this article . i think what you are looking for is " restrict background data . " keep the tethering app in the foreground and every other app will be starved of connectivity . restrict background data : this option prevents all apps and services from using data in the background . apps that depend on background data won’t work how you’d expect them to – for example , gmail won’t automatically download new messages in the background if you enable this option . http://www.makeuseof.com/tag/why-you-dont-need-third-party-apps-to-manage-background-data-use-in-android-jelly-bean/
try android firewall from the play store . you could create a " white list " that starts off with denying all network activity for all apps , to which you had then allow just your tethering to go through . then , when you want everything to go through again , just disable the firewall . . . or better yet create another white list that you can switch to .
i think from reading the source code here and this line and also from reading the code in the contacts application that the " frequently contacted " list in the contacts application orders the contacts by the number of times that you have called them . that is the DataUsageStatColumns.USAGE_TYPE_INT_CALL bit . this is also assuming you are using the default contacts application but since you did not specify i assumed you were . so it must be that you have called this particular friend more than any others . to test this try and make a large number of calls to the next person in the list and see if it overtakes the top person . it could also be the case that you have ' starred ' him . if you go on his contact profile at the top there is a star . if this is white then it means that you have favourited him which means he will always appear at the top of the " frequently contacted " screen . just uncheck the star and he will go away . there is also the option to clear the list if you like , just click on the action menu or your menu button and select " clear frequents " .
a2dp ( media profile ) is a protocol for high-quality unidirectional audio over bluetooth . hsp ( phone profile ) is a protocol for bidirectional lagless communication ( audio ) over bluetooth . a modern headset typically supports both . a2dp is meant to play ( stereo ) music . in android , whatever the system considers as ' media ' ( you can find this terminology in the volume settings ) , will be using a2dp . whatever is voice ( 'ringtone' ) , will be played over hsp . i suppose all that likely will be is a phone call . the reason for this choice is that voice in a phone call is bidirectional and you do not want any delays on the line . hence the lower ( and mono ) quality of hsp . in voice , quality is of less importance . however , the voice directions ( which is not the same as ' voice' ) of your gps are not a call , they are not bidirectional and delay does not matter , and they are played as ' media ' in the system . therefore they will be played using a2dp , or when you disable the ' media ' profile in your bluetooth settings , over the speaker . in summary , check your volume controls , they work similarly and will hint you what is what . it is currently not possible to choose where audio is being sent , neither is that intended in both the design of bluetooth or of any os for the above reasons .
there is a bluetooth app that allows you to listen to music over the hsp profile called btmono . it may accomplish what you are looking to do .
i have an app named soundabout that will also do this . the pro version has a media audio option called " bluetooth mono " . it will do allow sending media to a bluetooth mono headset . it will do a whole host of other audio routing as well .
both dialer and contacts apps can vary per phone model due to android os version , as well as manufacturer or carrier overlay . usually though , in the call log when you tap on the new number it gives you an " add to contacts " option . at that point it brings up a list of all contacts , so that you can add this number to an existing contact . however , there should also be a button to create a new contact , which is probably what you are overlooking .
your sms app is crashing because of an software bug , which is causing an uncaught NullPointerException resulting in a termination of the davlik vm and it is process .
perhaps the easiest way to do this , would be to connect your galaxy nexus to your computer and use a 3rd-party tool to check the file system for errors . please bear in mind that using this method you will only be able to check the mountable storage , and only if your device is in usb mass storage mode . at current , i know of no way to check the internal partitions for errors - this does not mean there is not one , however . edit : even if you only have an internal sd card , then you should still be able to mount it as usb storage - something has to act as an sd card , for the camera app to function . something is mounted to /sdcard , and this is what is mounted when you enable usb mass storage . edit 2: ok , last but not least - do you have a recovery installed ? if so , you can use this flashable zip to do what you want . if not , then are you rooted ? you must be rooted to be able to this , as it would involve copying a binary to your system . edit 3: ok . this cannot be done while the device is turned on , in user mode , as the partitions must be unmounted to scan them . this is why that zip is that - a zip . if you cannot flash the zip , there is no other way unless you can find a way to unmount the filesystem 's when they are being used .
according to : android media process ( high cpu ) | alexus ' blog :
this would indicate that you are not connected to the internet . when you did the factory reset , the apn data for your network/carrier might have been erased . you will have to check with your network/carrier for the correct apn settings . you can also connect to a wifi network to connect your google account . you can enter the apn settings by going to System Settings-&gt;Wireless and Networks-&gt;Mobile Networks-&gt;Access Point Names-&gt;Menu Button-&gt;Add New .
this problem is just only in gp and airtel internet . gp sucks . try on teltalk or citycell . u can login android market easily . leave gp .
in short : gps works without an active connection , it is completely passive . gps has however an addon feature called a-gps ( assisted gps ) which speeds up the startup ( time to first fix ) considerably . it basically warms up the receiver with gps status data such as time , coarse location and most of all gps satellite orbit location data ( ephemeris data download ) . everything of this is also included in the gps signal but a cold start needs longer if the receiver needs to fetch it itself . with a-gps this data is downloaded from the internet and fed to the receiver . note : the a-gps data is good for some days but deteriorates over time until the phone needs longer to ( once ! ) cold start again ( or a internet re-download is necessary ) . you can trigger a manual redownload with some apps , for example gps status .
basic concepts you are confusing two different concepts : " gps " and " navigation " , that are used for two distinct scenarios on your device . gps is used to pin-point your location in the globe . navigation is used to plan and track your movements from point a to point b . while navigation may depend on 3g or wi-fi to access the internet and retrieve maps and other information as to graphically present your location in relation to the designated route , gps does not use the internet , it works communicating directly with antennas and in turn with satellites to ascertain you global position . phone settings there are two phone settings regarding gps , one is the gps on/off toggle , the other one is the a-gps ( assisted gps ) , that actually relies on internet connectivity as to provide faster and some times more accurate results : tap your device " menu " button ; tap " settings" ; tap " location and security": " use gps satellites " - when locating , accurate to street level : tap to apply the green tick as to have the regular gps method available . " use quick gps " - use server to assist gps ( check to improve gps performance ) : if the gps option is active , you can tap to activate this option , improving gps accuracy , but keep in mind that this only works with a data plan , as it uses network resources to assist ascertaining your geolocation . navigate offline if you need navigation capabilities while offline , you can use an app that relies on maps downloaded to your phone . personally i am happy with navfree : free gps navigation by navmii available from google play store . i have downloaded some maps , for portugal , around 90mb , but afterwards i am fully capable of navigating without any internet connection . maps are provided by openstreetmap . org free of charge and updated by a large community . about gps the global positioning system ( gps ) is a satellite-based navigation system made up of a network of 24 satellites placed into orbit by the u.s. dod . there are no subscription fees or setup charges to use gps . read about it at : garmin - what is gps ? wikipedia - global positioning system about navigation navigation is the process of accurately ascertaining one 's position , planning and following a route . read about it at : wikipedia - navigation
gps and navigation are separate concepts . gps itself does not require internet connectivity . however , many navigation apps ( e . g . google maps or waze ) require an active connection in order to access map data on-the-fly , compute directions , look up traffic details , search for points of interest , etc . there are other ( usually paid ) apps that do not require internet connectivity for navigation because they provide this data as a separate download . directions , turn-by-turn navigation , pois , etc . can then be accessed from data that is stored on sd card , while the device is offline . in both cases gps is only used to place your current position on the map .
you do not need to root your phone in order to use a custom recovery like twrp or clockworkmod . it will only root your phone if you use it to . . . flash a rooted image flash a su binary restore a rooted backup it is common for recoveries to offer to root when you restart , but you can just say " no " if you do not want to root .
i had the same problem this morning . lookout reported this trojan , and it says it is part of google search enhanced . when i try to uninstall i get a message saying the uninstall failed . when i first searched for it there were no results on google . now there are several . so this seems to be a very new problem that people have started to see this morning . i ran a different antivirus and it found no problems . the phone has had no new apps installed for some time , so i am hoping this is a false positive from lookout .
the htmlviewer mentioned does not like spaces in the file name . rename the file with underscore or throw them out .
afaik the stock messages app always sends a sms unless you have added an attachment ( picture , video , audio ) , or if you are typing a very long message ( the latter depending on your settings ) . if there is an attachment the message will show the number of used kb instead of the number of remaining characters . that being said , you should check if the message centre number in your sms settings is correct . to check start the messages app , click Menu &gt; Setting , scroll down to the SMS Settings section . also on the same screen there is a setting that may convert long text messages automatically to mms , so you might want to turn that off .
just tested this on my phone and my gmail , and it seems to work . i am running 4.4 with the stock contacts app on my phone . on your phone , in the contacts app : menu button -> import/export contacts choose export to storage and it will create a . vcf file to /storage/emulated/0/ which is the root folder for storage transfer this file via email , or usb to a computer where you are logged into gmail in gmail , go to your contacts by clicking on the little down arrow by gmail on the top left slightly to the right is a more button with a down arrow , click on it choose import , and select the . vcf file : )
onenote for android ? https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.microsoft.office.onenotehl=en hope i got you right - as my answer is . . . well . . . just tooooo obvious : )
here is a list of microsoft onenote alternatives on android : http://alternativeto.net/software/microsoft-onenote/?platform=android
evernote i consider evernote to be the closest alternative to onenote , available from google play store . for me , the biggest advantage of evernote , which even onenote doesn’t have , is the synchronization feature . key features : sync all of your notes across the computers and devices you use create and edit text notes , to-dos and task lists save , sync and share files search for text inside images organize notes by notebooks and tags email notes and save tweets to your evernote account connect evernote to other apps and products you use share notes with friends and colleagues via facebook and twitter screen shots ( android ) :
open settings in super su . go to cleanup section . switch superuser app .
i had the very same issue except for the reason that youtube got messed up . i recovered using root explorer ( installed from google play ) on my rooted phone . i used the search function to look for youtube ( search is case insensitive ) and it came back with five files . i used multi-select and deleted them all . i rebooted the phone just in case and then i was able to install youtube with no more errors .
is your device rooted ? if so you may use adb or any root supported file manager to manually remove it and re-install it from play store .
choose your go keyboard app . then themes . in the top right corner there is a icon that looks like a gallery its right about the word local . once you choose that it says customize theme . . you can from there choose your portrait or landscape background and customize it . . to choose your own photo you will need to have the photo saved in your gallery of pictures .
i could not find a way to do it or an app that would do it . there were a couple out there that claimed to have manual focus but basically just did what you described as " assisted auto focus . " i found this thread at xda where some people have been looking through the code to find a way to add the manual focus . from what they found it appears that it is possible but someone has to code it . its worth keeping an eye on it : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=630989
i assume your selecting browser > menu > settings > clear cache ? you can also try clearing the full app memory from your home screen ( outside the browser ) : settings > applications > manage applications > select the brower app choose ' clear data ' and also ' clear cache ' . if all else fails you could also factory reset the phone .
in this specific case your friend is correct , but it can probably vary somewhat . we will take the galaxy nexus as an example since it is a reasonably accurate internal representation of the other samsung devices . the ifixit teardown helpfully identifies all of the major components of the device and their function . in step 5 they remove the wrapping from the battery to expose the nfc antenna underneath . later , in step 12 , they identify the nfc controller on the main motherboard . putting the controller itself on the battery is perhaps possible , but i would imagine it is not really realistically feasible . for one , it would probably increase the fabrication costs of the batteries an unacceptable amount ( the antenna , conversely , is likely not very pricey ) . it would also require the battery to have some non-standard and comparatively complex circuitry to transmit data from the controller to the motherboard , whereas the antenna is basically served by a simple conductive contact to pass the signal along . this is mostly conjecture , though - i am not an electrical/hardware engineer ( i do not even play one on tv ) .
yes . you can reinstall the os . there is a low level flash tool called heimdall ( or odin ) that can be used to reinstall the firmware or install aftermarket firmware onto the galaxy ace .
you can do that in kies , by updating to factory version from the update menu
many usb ports on computers do not have power sufficient to charge a phone battery . does the phone charge with the plug-in type supplied with it ? some computers will advertise a charging usb port . the default current ( amps ) is 1/2 a or 500ma in a standard usb connector . it is not uncommon for tablets to require 2 amps .
camera details for android devices htc evo 4g ( pc world article , ov8812 sensor specs , engadget review , androidpolice review ) sensor size : 4.6mm × 3.5mm ( ~16.2mm² ) megapixels : 8mpix pixel density : 49mpix/cm² max aperture : can not find anywhere 35mm efl : 38mm max iso : 1250 low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : good optics : jpeg and over-sharpening artifacts on sample images make it hard to even tell : ( raw output : ? responsiveness : very good htc droid incredible ( maximum pc article , ov8812 sensor specs , androidandme article ) sensor size : 4.6mm × 3.5mm ( ~16.2mm² ) megapixels : 8mpix pixel density : 49mpix/cm² max aperture : ? 35mm efl : ? max iso : ? low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : quite good , some oversaturation optics : ? raw output : ? responsiveness : ? htc nexus one ( androidandme article ) sensor size : ? megapixels : ? pixel density : ? max aperture : ? 35mm efl : ? max iso : ? low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : good optics : good raw output : ? responsiveness : ? motorola droid 2 ( maximum pc article ) sensor size : ? megapixels : ? pixel density : ? max aperture : ? 35mm efl : ? max iso : ? low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : poor optics : ? raw output : ? responsiveness : ? motorola droid x ( pc world article , ov8812 sensor specs , droid x hack blog post , maximum pc article ) sensor size : 4.6mm × 3.5mm ( ~16.2mm² ) megapixels : 8mpix pixel density : 49mpix/cm² max aperture : f/2.8 35mm efl : 38mm max iso : ? low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : good , although still somewhat oversaturated optics : pretty good , relatively speaking raw output : ? responsiveness : poor samsung epic ( maximum pc article ) sensor size : ? megapixels : ? pixel density : ? max aperture : ? 35mm efl : ? max iso : ? low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : good , especially in natural light optics : ? raw output : ? responsiveness : ? samsung galaxy s ( pc world article , official specs ) sensor size : ? megapixels : 5 mp pixel density : ? max aperture : f/2.6 35mm efl : ? max iso : ? low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : ? optics : ? raw output : ? responsiveness : ? samsung nexus s ( official specs from google ) sensor size : 3.9 mm × 2.9 mm ( as calculated from 35 mm efl ) megapixels : 5mpix ( 2560×1920=4,915,200 ) pixel density : 44.2 mpix/cm² ( as calculated from 35mm efl ) max aperture : f/2.8 [ source ] focal length : 3.63 mm [ source ] 35mm efl : 32 mm ( as observed ) max iso : 400 [ source ] low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : ? optics : ? raw output : no responsiveness : ? other camera phones for comparative purposes only apple iphone 4 ( pc world article , falk lumo blog post , maximum pc article ) sensor size : 4.5mm × 3.4mm ( ~15.5mm² ) megapixels : 5mpix ( 2592×1936=5,018,112 ) pixel density : 33mpix/cm² max aperture : f/2.8 35mm efl : 29mm max iso : 1000 low-light quality : eh . no miracles . color rendition ( subjective ) : mediocre — tends towards over-saturated , some hue shifts optics : okay , not great . good detail , medium sharpness , moderate distortion raw output : no responsiveness : decent-to-good nokia n8 ( nokia specs page , gsmarena blog post , dpreview forum post ) sensor size : 7.0mm × 5.2mm ( ~36.8mm² ) megapixels : 12mpix pixel density : 33mpix/cm² max aperture : f/2.8 35mm efl : 28mm max iso : 1200 low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : ? optics : ? raw output : ? responsiveness : ?
do you have google voice itself set to pass through the phone number of the caller or do you have it set to show the google voice number ? if you currently have it set to show your google voice number instead of the callers number then change that setting . let me know if that is the case . if you already have that set then we can delve deeper . the setting in question is in the web version of google voice under settings - calls - caller id ( incoming ) .
i would first test by adding a 1 to a number and having them call you . android should be smart enough to treat them identically but google voice might not play nicely . i am not sure of the specifics of how gvoice works , but keep in mind that your contacts are calling google and google is calling you . somehow they pass on your contact 's number , but it is spoofed , and your phone is probably relying on the " real " number ( i.e. . google 's number ) for choosing the ringtone .
i used touchdown ( 30-day trial , $19.99 ) before android had built in exchange and was very happy with it . i am now using the native client without many problems ( i am not very demanding of it ) , but i have heard many people mention that it is still worth buying over the native client because of the more advanced feature set . with the 30-day trial , no reason not to give it a try .
it looks like you have already come across one solution : turning off wi-fi power saving . that option puts the wi-fi chip into a low-power state sometimes . this reduces power use , but the trade-off is that next time you want to use wi-fi , you have to wait a fraction of a second for the chip to power on again . this page from the official android documentation explains about wi-fi power states . it is targeted at app developers , so they can optimize the usage pattern of their apps to save power . even so , it is easy to follow , and might be interesting for other users to understand how android tries to save power .
i assume you are talking about removing icons from one of the home screens on your phone ? if you long press on the home screen , or press Menu -&gt; Add to Home you can select from various options to re-add items to the home screen . i suspect the icons you are talking about would be under Widget . a little more information about your phone would help people to identify exactly which widgets you are talking about , and where to find them on your phone . for example , if your phone is an htc and is running the default os you can find all sorts of widgets for wi-fi , gprs , gps etc in Menu -&gt; Add to Home -&gt; Widget -&gt; Settings , or the ' power control ' widget can also control many of these functions .
ok , i found out what is wrong . i had usb debugging enabled at the same time so i had to turn that off and now it works . menu > settings > applications > development > usb debugging
as long as the material of your clothes or bag contains no metallic element that could block the gps signal then your phone should be able to receive a gps signal fine while in your bag or pocket . i use the htc desire almost daily to record gps tracks , and generally keep it in my jacket pocket and have noticed no problems with the gps positioning . those problems i do have are related to travelling through built up areas or in buildings . you should remember that gps can be less accurate in dense urban areas as the receiver may be able to see some sky , but that patch of sky may not contain enough gps satellites for a direct fix . the signal may also be affected by weather , particularly humidity . have you tried any other applications , as it could perhaps be the app that is causing the poor performance you are seeing . for recording running i can particularly recommend runkeeper , i have been using it for six months now and it works really well , plus has some really good online features . for general gps recording the my tracks app is also pretty good . i would suggest trying a couple of different apps and comparing the results . if they are all showing gaps or jumps in the gps track then it may well be something to do with the way you are using your phone ( or the area you are in ) .
so i have had this same problem for the past month . there is a 1cm or so high deadzone that spans the width of my screen just about lower than the midway point from top to bottom . it is mostly always there , but some ( seemingly ) random times it goes away and all works well . my troubleshooting led me to this : if it is hardware , it is only because the software is telling it something it should not be . i am sure nothing is broken ( i.e. . , from being dropped , etc . ) something is wrong , for sure , but not broken per se . i took screen shots of temperature and voltage ( using cpu-z app ) trying to figure it out . i paid attention to when it happened and when it did not . i boiled it down to two possibilities : temperature and/or voltage ( i can explain how i came to this conclusion if you want . . . would take a bit more explanation ) . i charge my phone with the charger plugged into the wall typically . i live in asia so the voltage is a lot higher ( but within the appropriate range of the phone ) . yet , lately when i ! go to sleep , i plug my phone into my laptop to charge , rather than the wall . . . when i wake up the problem is not there . about 2 hours later or so the problem comes back . i tried this for a week ( charging my phone with my laptop ) and the problem is dissipating . as quickly as it escalated ( getting gradually worse ) it is now getting gradually better . try it and see if it works for you . at night when your phone is nearly dead , charge your phone with your usb port attached to your laptop . maybe it will help . i am still troubleshooting specifics to see if it is definitive . update : today , the day of writing this , i have not had the problem at all and it is been nearly 7 hours and the 3rd consecutive night of charging with usb on my laptop . update 2: happy new year ! i have been charging my nexus 4 with my laptop 's usb port since my original reply and the problem had disappeared . let me know if this works for anyone else ! nexus 4 - 4.4.2
as geohi said , i have this problem for a bit 2 months when i bought this nexus 4 . last night was the first night i put my phone to charge via usb . today i was super excited to see that my screen is fully functional . i will continue to charge it like this for few days to see what happens . no problems for about 9 hours so far . ¨ update : 4 days have been passed since my phone started to work well . screen problem did not reappear not even for 2 minutes since then : ) it is great !
i have the same issue , google support suggested waiting for the 4.4 android update to fix , else return for repair / replacement .
i also got d same prob . it is a hardware issue . i got the front touch panel replaced . it costs rs 5322 in mumbai . my phone was in warranty so got it for free . now issue is resolved . nothing changed in d software to solve the issue .
check your system configuration if it is 32-bit or 64-bit processor . download android sdk ( 32-bit or 64-bit ) and install it . also download eclipse ( 32-bit or 64-bit ) and install it .
the market on the emulator is a special case . it is also recommended you use a google account i.e. you are using username@hotmail . com change to use username@google . com to reset the account associated with the phone , either clear all google app 's cache or do a factory reset . as you are on an emulator just delete that one and create a new one .
why is the android stock browser still alive ? as of june this year , 15.7% ( 0.8+14.9 ) of users still use android 2.2 and 2.3 . x ( froyo and gingerbread ) , since chrome supports only android 4.0+ , these users can not use chrome for android . also android 4.0 ( ics ) , which has 12.3% of users , does not come with chrome preinstalled . moreover , i think the stock browser still comes preinstalled in all android jellybean phones ( version 4.1 . x , 4.2 . x and 4.3 . x ) , which is used by 58.4% ( 29.0+19.1+10.3 ) of users . that means the stock browser is still preinstalled on 86.4% ( 15.7+12.3+58.4 ) of android phones . the above should be the reason why the stock browser is still being widely used . a lot of users do not bother downloading or changing the default/preinstalled browser . there are no technological advantages of using stock browser over chrome for android . google has already phased out the stock browser in android kitkat ( 4.4 ) . chrome for android is licensed from google , while the stock browser is not . also , oems can modify the stock browser if required but not chrome . so from a business perspective , it is actually better for google , if oems use chrome . but some oems do not like being dependent on google too much . to say more is beyond the scope of this answer . if you want more info go here and here . google has been slowly shifting the core of android from aosp to it is closed source and licensed google apps and the browser is one of the last components in this roadmap .
posting this a separate answer from an unrelated edit to an existing answer . flash is the reason we continue to use the old , stock browser . the so-called stock browser is small and it supports flash video , as do a couple of newer browsers . and the flash . apk is still available from several reputable sites ( but not from google play ) so it is easy to get hooked up . until all video streaming sites migrate to html5 there will continue to be a demand for browsers that support flash , security issues or not .
if you have any experience with linux , you could connect your sd card to your pc using a card reader , and use the dd command to make a direct dump of the card 's contents . then you could use dd again to write the contents onto a new card of the same capacity . ( it sounds like your card may be on the verge of total failure , so you should do this as soon as possible , if you have important photos/music on it ! )
depending on the phone , you may not be able to move files from the sd card to the phone 's internal storage . what you can do , however , is buy a replacement sd card and move all the files from the old card to the new one . if your computer has a card reader ( many laptops do ) , you can use that to copy the files from the old card to your hard drive . or you can connect your phone to your computer with a usb cable and access the files that way . then remove the old card and insert the new one , and copy the files back .
if you have installed any apps on the sdcard , you can simply move them back to internal storage via the settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps menu , walking your downloaded apps one by one and see whether it is installed on sdcard . this should be your first step . for the remaining files : if your device offers an " internal sdcard " , you could simply use a file manager like e.g. es file explorer file manager to move " normal files " from the external to the internal sdcard . both steps done , remove the sdcard ( either should down your device to do so , or simply use the settings&rarr ; storage menu to unmount the card first if you can access it without shutting down the device ) . optional step : once the card is removed , you could check again if you still can move apps to sdcard , as the device might use the internal sdcard for this .
the easiest solution is to simply use airplane mode . the wifi chip still works but the cell radio will be turned off , so you have no voice , sms or cellular data capabilities . this will be in your settings somewhere , probably Settings-&gt;Wireless and Networks-&gt;Airplane mode . you may need to explicitly re-enable your wifi after turning on airplane mode ( ex : my phone disables wifi at first , but i can just turn it back on ) . some phones also allow you to toggle airplane mode from the power menu , but i do not know if this is a standard feature of the android os .
about your concerns : connection on air there is nothing that a log out at the end of every session would improve . if you do not use the email client , it will not transfer any data . and if you use it , it will query the server for new email etc . if the client would perform a log out at the end of every use , it just had establish a new connection again . conclusion : data related to the e-mail connection will be the same time on air if you do not use log out as when your e-mail client would log out every time . no gain here . just make sure that you have enabled a secure encryption . bandwidth you are right , that polling is the worst thing that could happen . but not from a bandwidth perspective . polling is just a quick packet asking " is there something new " and the server replying " no " or " yes and here is the data " . the data would be send later on anyways , so no big bandwidth consumption . it is more the battery life that should concern you , when you have a polling e-mail client on android . that said , trust the google engineers to build a e-mail app that tries everything to reduce battery consumption . if you use gmail you are safe , because the email app will use push notifications for new e-mails . if you use an imap account it depends on the server if it support the imap idle extension . if you use pop3 you are doomed , because it is a plain polling protocol .
yes you can do it by using this number saver app . app description is as follows : save a number while you are in a phone call , and dial it right after . access during call from notification bar , or from app icon to pull notification bar in the call screen , press home first ( android limitation ) the app has two modes for number or note : save it to the clipboard ( which later you can ' paste ' it wherever you like ) save it in the internal app memory on both you can later access the last saved number or note and create a contact , dial or sms .
root only solution : you can use an app called buttonremapper to remap any of your buttons to a number of functions . i used this to remap my camera button to be a play/pause button ( but when i was in the camera app it still took pictures ) . unfortunately you have to have a rooted device to use this .
i do not know of a player offering such functionality , but a workaround may be to use something like widgetlocker to put the music player widget controls ( almost all players have a widget nowadays ) on your lockscreen . then , switching off and on your device 's screen should present you with the widget . alternatively you could just press the home button to get to your home screen where the widget is placed and play/pause . update : i came across quickdesk which allows you to put widgets into a screen overlay . this might help in your situation .
the ( samsung modified ) default music player app on the galaxy s puts the player controls in the notification shade ( the pull-down part of the notification bar ) while the music player is playing in the background . this lets you play , pause , next track , previous track while you are in another app . does not the default android player do this ? screenshot of the player controls with the notification bar pulled down :
you could try ttpod to play the audio , if you enable lyrics they overlay any other app and if you touch on the lyrics it appears the play/pause and rev/fwd controls . if the file you are playing has no lyrics as will be the case , it shows only some text in chinese over any other app . i use it to control music as i use the gps on the car . in case your tablet has proximity sensor you could try " wave control " .
in case your tablet has proximity sensor you could try wave control .
try pressing and holding the power button . this should bring up a dialog box with several options , once of them being to turn off the phone .
toggling " sync " on/off does what i need - blocks email update ( even pushed updates ) yet still allows in my sms for emergencies to get through .
i have bad news : it almost impossible to get data from your internal storage if your mobile does not turn on . first we need to know more about the problem : what do you mean under not turn on ? does it light up or no signal at all ? what if you plug it into the charger ? can you see any lights flash up ? can you get into recovery ? if none of the above happen , then i need to ask : is your important data stored on your sd card ? most apps store their user data on sd card so you can access them if you pull out your sd card and read from that . if you re-install android , you will lose your internal data so if you have lots of important things on your phone ( not your sd card ) you should not reinstall without backup colornote does not store your data internally but uploads to the cloud . see their faq
after doing a bit of research , i have reduced it down to this : GSM and CDMA = 2G EDGE (E) = 2.5G WCDMA and EVDO = 3G HSPA (H) = 3.5G HSPA+ (H+) = 3.75G LTE = 4G  gsm and cdma are competing technologies , as well as wcdma and evdo . contrary to what you had think , wcdma is an evolution of gsm , while evdo is an evolution of cdma , which is why a carrier or device will support either gsm/wcdma or cdma/evdo , but not cdma/wcdma or gsm/evdo . edge is an enhancement of the gsm protocol , while hspa/hspa+ are enhancements of the wcdma protocol . i am by no means , and am in no way claiming to be an expert on this . i had a bit of trouble finding any single source that gave a short , high-level rundown on the topic , so i figured i might as well share my findings . if i have made any errors , feel free to comment or suggest an edit .
from the devices page , it does not seem like your phone is officially supported - http://www.cyanogenmod.com/devices . as an alternative , see http://www.madteam.co/forum/development/%28development%29-cyanogenmod-7-1-%27galaxy5%27-port/ if you do manage to flash a custom rom , you can change back provided you use the roms supplied by http://samfirmware.com - not official , just a repository of original factory roms .
i like using rom manager for cm . if it is supported on your phone it will come up in the custom rom downloads list . however if you want a different rom , rom manager is not an all inclusive list , it just grabs the most popular , so do not treat this as the only place to go . cm is popular enough that it will be in the downloads list if it is supported by your phone , so if it is not there yet , just wait until it is . rom manager also allows you to back up your current rom ( i am not sure if you need root permissions , but if you are flashing a new rom you will have them ) , so just back up the factory rom using this app and if you ever need it just boot up into recovery and restore the rom .
this forum post suggests that it may be related to your company policy . if not , it could be that some of the camera hardware could be used for encryption , however that is highly unlikely .
it is the result of encryption , unfortunately i cannot find any documentation . my device ( razr ) showed the same message when i enabled device encryption on setup , before i had any activesync accounts added .
a quick search brought up this article at http://blog.laptopmag.com/how-to-edit-video-with-movie-studio-on-your-android-tablet . while i do not have a tablet , i have played with movie studio before , and it looks like all you have to do is tap the timeline at the bottom of your clip , and drag the arrows that appear on its edges to trim it . this only trims the edges off , so if you want to take a part out of the middle , i would re-add the clip ( so you have two copies of it in your timeline ) , and then drag the arrows on the ends of the copy so you only have the part you want , without getting rid of the beginning of the clip from the original .
from the android 2.2 froyo users manual , specifically on pages 329 and 330 , is mentioned the following settings about auto correction features : to access : press " home " > press " menu " > touch settings . android keyboard settings screen the android keyboard settings apply to the onscreen keyboard that is included with your phone . the correction and capitalization features affect only the english version of the keyboard . auto-capitalization check to have the onscreen keyboard automatically capitalize the first letter of the first word after a period , the first word in a text field , and each word in name fields . quick fixes check to automatically correct some common misspellings as you type . show suggestions check to show suggested words in a strip above the onscreen keyboard as you type . see “using the onscreen keyboard” on page 29 . auto-complete check to automatically enter a suggested word , highlighted in orange in the strip above the keyboard , when you enter a space or punctuation . see “using the onscreen keyboard” on page 29 . device keyboard settings screen this settings screen is available only if your phone has a physical keyboard . auto-replace check to correct misspelled words as you type . auto-cap check to capitalize the first letter of the first word in sentences . auto-punctuate check to insert a period ( . ) when you press the space key twice in a row depending on what exactly you wish to disable , you need to analyse all the above options to match your criteria .
it should be located at /data/app/ . you can access that directly if you have root . if not , you will have to use adb pull . for example : adb pull /data/app/myapp . apk c:\backup\myapp . apk more info on adb : http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/tools/adb.html
if you know the installed file name of the apk ( which on some devices may be myapp-1 . apk or myapp-2 . apk rather than just myapp . apk ) you can directly access that as an ordinary user including the one adb runs as on a secured device , so you should be able to adb pull it . but if you do not know the installed apk name , you cannot browse the /data/app directory without being root or aid_system . it might be worth just guessing at the installed name - try it plain , try it with the -1 . apk , and the -2 . apk , etc . there may be another way : i believe the following will work on a secured device but do not have one in front of me at the moment to test it . edit : new idea for determining exact apk file name 1 ) adb pull /data/system/packages . xml 2 ) look through it for your application 's codepath entry 3 ) adb pull that edit : with regard to the old idea below , matthew discovered that while the per-process files under /proc have read permission on a secured device , they are empty when read by an unprivileged uid other than that of their owner . so this will not work . 1 ) get your app running . you will also need a machine with adb . 2 ) type adb shell ps  and look for the line with your app 's name : app_1 11959 907 112984 27580 ffffffff afd0c5bc S com.clevername.myapp  3 ) take the number in the second column which is the process id , and view it is virtual memory map , in this case i would type adb shell cat /proc/11959/maps  and look for a line where it has mapped its own apk file into memory 43e9c000-43ea3000 r--s 001f4000 b3:06 15393 /data/app/com.clevername.myapp-1.apk  4 ) that is the file name you would need to adb pull adb pull /data/app/com.clevername.myapp-1.apk .  examination of the directory permissions in /proc suggests this should work for an unprivileged user , my apologies if it does not . if you are familiar with the usage of ' grep ' you can use that to avoid manually scanning the output . addendum : i am not really sure what the story on apps installed to the sd card is .
it cannot be done . usb devices interact with your android phone through a protocol known as usb on-the-go ( usb-otg for short ) . this protocol has to be implemented in the software ( kernel ) level on supported hardware . unfortunately , the galaxy core does not have this protocol available .
usb-otg is seemingly not supported according to the specs over at gsmarena 's galaxy core page . in contrast , see the sgs4 , which offers usb on-the-go .
your device does not support otg . download the below app and check for yourself . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.homesoft.otgtroubshooter the app . detects and offers solutions to issues around usb host and otg cables . it is designed for the nexus series , but should work with any android device . this app . does not offer support for usb devices . it simply detects whether they can be supported . it also detects certain android bugs that may be affecting your system .
this one is quite simple to use , it shows real time packets in a human-readable way as well as statistics . it takes it directly from iptables , hence you need a rooted device : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.googlecode.networklog
there is an app called 3g watchdog . it can monitor 3g data transfer and wi-fi traffic . a pretty neat application .
you can view , sniff , and save actual network packets , however this requires root access . shark for root does this : https://market.android.com/details?id=lv.n3o.shark
is not really an answer , but . . . there is wifi analyzer which shows more information on the wireless networks your device can reach . it gives you more detail than the average user would require . as far as i know , there is no application available on android ( yet ? ) that can " sniff packets " . would be an interesting application to have in the pocket .
here is an app that exactly does that https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.internet.speed.meter.lite
first you need root access to your phone . than you can try different package sniffer . some free are : wifinspect [ root ] packetshark
this app should allow you to do it per contact . https://market.android.com/details?id=cn.com.opda.android.clearmaster
just throwing this out there . no idea if it will work , because i do not have any text threads with that many to test it on , but have you tried doing it in some other text message clients ? which one are you using now ? try it in the default text client , and then try downloading handcent sms or chomp sms and see if you can do it from there . sometimes different apps will make it possible to do something that another app that is supposed to be able to accomplish , cannot . good luck !
you should be able to go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All and clear the data for messaging storage or something similar , depending on your particular device and software .
this sounds like an sms/push message sent by your carrier in china . i would suggest you contact your carrier , and ask them if they are sending these - and ask them if they can be stopped . you can use this app to block these if your carrier will not .
edit : there is now a project that got monitor mode working on the galaxy s2 and the google nexus one . see http://bcmon.blogspot.de/ as far as i know there is currently no wep/wpa cracking app . the fact android is open and linux based would allow this basically , however most ( all ? ) wifi chipset drivers do not allow the necessary monitor mode and solutions would be tied to single makes/models with supported chipsets . using known working usb wifi adapters with otg ready devices would allow to circumvent this restriction but there has not been a project to do so yet . update : there is some effort by the author of kismet . this is not covering your question but is somewhat related : you might however have luck using these 2 tools ( root required ) : element53 and proxydroid background : many paid access points allow dns resolution . element53 is a tcp-over-dns tunnel app ( dns has port 53 , hence the name ) to exploit this . the free version has 10mb traffic limit , here 's the explanation from the google play : element53 , the dns tunnel for android . element53 is a ready-to-use dns-tunnel for android . it can be used for penetration testing ( other uses are not supported ) .
it could be because chrome for android does not support flash : chrome for android will not be supporting flash . as you may have seen in november , 2011 , adobe announced it has stopped investing in flash for mobile browsing . google has long been committed to making the web platform more powerful through open web technologies like html5 and is working with adobe and other partners to further advance the web standard .
i would recommend using full disk encryption and keeping your bootlaoder locked and phone unrooted if you want the best possible encryption that android natively provides . this article explains how to do a full system encryption on android . http://www.howtogeek.com/141953/how-to-encrypt-your-android-phone-and-why-you-might-want-to/
your firewall is preventing your phone to access or connect to the internet . check your firewall settings . or may be this happen due to some problem in your router .
is anyone else facing this issue or only you ? it probably is a firewall that is preventing you from connecting to the internet .
i have a quick step-by-step guide to help you " join " your contacts - in other words , take two separate contacts and make them one ! open the people application . navigate to one of your duplicate contacts ( any one will do ) and tap it to open it up . in the top-right corner , tap the 3 dots . this is the settings menu . select " edit " . again , in the top-right corner , tap the 3 dots . select " join " . android will now ask you to select which contact to join this contact with . select one of the other duplicates of this contact and android will join the contacts into one contact ! rinse and repeat until all of the duplicate contacts have been " joined " into one single contact .
android sends a request to http://clients3.google.com/generate_204 , and it expects a 204 response ( the http code for " no content" ) .
you can try the following : 1 . try calibrating your battery ( few says it is necessary to calibrate your phone after rom installation ) charge phone to 100% boot in to recovery wipe battery stats reboot and drain the battery completely ( by playing or media or normal usage ) after complete drain recharge the phone again to 100% 2 . try freezing or renaming or removing nfc.apk and tag.apk ( instead of removing the apk just try renaming them like nfc.apk.bak )
if you want to have any cellular functions apart from placing emergency calls , you have to have an actual cellular plan through a carrier . picture it this way : if you buy a land line phone for your house , take it out of the box , program speed dials , and set it on your table without plugging it into a phone line , you will not be able to receive any phone calls . your cell phone is simply a tablet until you activate a cellular plan through your carrier for it . also , the ability to place emergency calls is a feature on all cell phones that is not dependent on carriers . here is a list of uk carriers .
after a recent update of the google search app ( version 3.5 and above ) , it became possible to enable " ok google " from any screen on android 4.3 and above . follow these steps : open google search on your phone go to settings by either pressing the hardware menu button if your device has it , or scrolling to the bottom of all cards and tapping three dots , and select " settings . " navigate to voice -> " ok google " detection , and enable the From Any screen option . this will first train the device with your voice , and we are done note that this does not work on all android devices . some motorola handsets like the moto x have their own voice recognition software that supersedes google 's , and you will see a message This option is not supported on this device . also , currently only the english language is supported for this feature , although google will probably enable it for more locales in the future .
no , only phones with dedicated hardware have that ability . however , some phones let you use a long press on one of the buttons to activate the google voice recognition .
the latest youtube update has enabled it :-d
i have seen some other reports avlbout 90 degree compass deviations , and they were reported on android 4.4.3 . now that was an extremely short lived version . on 4.4.4 the problem vanished . so i am still convinced that this was a 4.4.3 problem .
i am charging the device regularly and checked with a system monitoring app the temperatures , that i reached . it was never more than 33 degree celsius , while charging or after charging , still laying on the charger . this is to be considered a completely normal temperature . just today i was out with the tablet on the sun and i reached more than 40 degree celsius , just because of the sun , so i would not really consider charging with qi an issue .
there is a port for curl for android : http://thesoftwarerogue.blogspot.com/2010/05/porting-of-libcurl-to-android-os-using.html but i think that your best bet for this one is the git repo : https://github.com/jahrome/curl-android readme curl is a command line tool for transferring data specified with url syntax . find out how to use curl by reading the curl . 1 man page or the manual document . find out how to install curl by reading the install document . libcurl is the library curl is using to do its job . it is readily available to be used by your software . read the libcurl . 3 man page to learn how !
you can try using firefox for android with this plugin that lets you disable double tap zooming . hopefully that will let android pass both taps through to the website so it can register a double click .
there are some available from google play store . excluding the ones you have mentioned , this two i have used , and they worked very well : music pump daap player by android music pump : music pump is a feature rich android daap client that lets you to stream and sync music from your pc or nas to your android device . all you need is a daap server . remote for soundbridge by martin kompf : connect to different music servers including upnp , daap , and internet radio . browse playlists , artists , composers , albums , songs , genres , and folders at music server .
have you rooted your device ? ? if yes then use root browser and navigate to wpa_supplicant . conf . then open and edit that file . it will not effect device at all .
as you removed the sd-card , you could use a card reader to attach it to your pc , which makes a search a lot easier . usually , photos are stored below a folder called dcim on the card . depending on the camera app ( i do not have a desire , so i cannot check that myself ) , subfolders there are named differently . on my phone , it uses a subfolder called " camera " . but there should not be too much subfolders there , so it will be easy to find . if that is not the place where your niece placed the " old images " , but as your desire insists they are ( somewhere else ) on the card , you can use your file manager ( i do not know what os you are running on your pc ) to search for *.jpg on the card -- that might match a lot of other images , but your photos should be listed along as long as they are on the card .
note : please be sure with what kind of application you are going to dis-able as disabling a wrong app ( factory app like keyboard will not display keyboard ) could cause your phone to miss-function ( not able to enable the mobile data etc . ) so please proceed with caution as you see that google has some pre-installed apps which are loaded on the phone at the time of purchase like google maps , google play music , google drive , google chrome etc . ( let 's say google play music is the most unwanted app you want to disable ) . you can do it very easily just follow these steps carefully . step 1 :go to settings> application manager . step 2 :you will have three side scroll options under the application manager . - downloaded : it will list the apps which you have downloaded from the play store or any third party apps . - running :it will list the apps which are presently running on your phone in the background . -all :this will list all the apps i.e. the installed apps from the play store , running apps on your device , stock apps from google . step 3 :choose the all option by scrolling to the extreme right/left . step 4 :choose the app which you want to disable . ( say google play music . ) step 5 :after selecting the desired app you will have some options like force stop . disable . clear app data . step 6 :choose clear app data to remove any data stored by the application . step 7 :choose force stop to stop the application from running . step 8 :choose the disable option to disable it from running again ( it will be in your phone but will not be displayed under the menu ) . step 9 :after selecting the disable option your app which you have disabled should appear in the bottom of the all screen . ( say you disabled play music then play music will appear in the bottom of you all list apps along with a disabled displayed to the right ) . also in the play store under all apps the application will be displayed at the last with the same disabled next to it . after doing all the above 9 steps correctly and in order your disabled application will not be enabled automatically and will not show any updates to you as it has been disabled permanently . also if you choose auto update application even then your application will not be updated .
there is no way to disable an app for some users of a device but not others ; it is possible to freeze an app using a third party program ( ie , disable it by changing it is permissions so it can not run ) but that will disable it for all users . android apps and services do not distinguish between physical users of a device - they all run using a single logical device user account . that being said , depending on what exactly you are looking for it may be sufficient to disable data synchronization for a specific google account in the settings . in android 4.4.0 , this would be under settings-> general-> accounts-> google-> [ account name ] , which will bring up a checklist of services for which data syncing can be disabled .
had the same problem after rejecting installation of htc sense keyboard ( i chose ' later' ) . nothing seemed to help , until after some random opening and closing of apps ( specifically , i went to messages ) the app-choser had the icons visible again . went to settings on this menu , and simply exited settings and the problem was ' solved ' . ( not really solved of course , i do not know why it occured and it may happen again ) . btw : exactly that one : the htc desire x !
if you can debug your application written in eclipse in your phone , i guess you have already enabled usb debugging . moborobo pc suite can transfer files from your phone including applications with data and it needs usb debugging to be enabled . in the app manager , right click on the app and there will be export option . there you can save your app into your pc .
you can pull the apk from the android device using adb pull . adb shell pm list packages this will list the package name for all the apks . see the package name of your app . the app name may vary from the package name . it will be mostly in /data/app if not get the path using adb shell pm path com.the app you need to.transfer 2 a . adb pull /data/app/com.the app you need to.transfer.apk . this will transfer the apk from whichever drive you executed . Eg: D: ( or ) 2 . b . adb backup -apk com.the app you need to .transfer this will create backup . ab . you can make it a tar and extract using winrar dd if=backup.ab bs=24 skip=1 | openssl zlib -d &gt; backup.tar  if there is no zlib support you can try dd if=data.ab bs=1 skip=24 | python -c "import zlib,sys;sys.stdout.write(zlib.decompress(sys.stdin.read()))" | tar -xvf -  note : dont setup a password for encrypt backup
try disconnecting the call before the other side hangs up . i have noticed a similar behavior in ics 4.0 , where if i disconnect the call first the phone does not lock .
this is a general problem with all android phones . best way to solve this problem is On Call End program . it provides user to select following actions to take after a call : do nothing go to phone home screen go to phone dialer vibrate show a toast message with the call duration . outgoing call duration includes the ringing time . you can install On Call End from here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.brosix.callendhl=tr
another method ( if you only use google wallet for google play purchases ) is to simply look at your google wallet purchase history . if you only use it for google play app purchases , they will all be listed here . to keep things organised in the future , if you wish , you could always create a folder on your home screen containing all your paid apps and drop in any additions as you go .
if you want this list on browser then you can go for the greasemonkey artem script which can show your paid and free apps in different lists . check out full detail and installation guide here greasemonkey artem script
you could also use the my paid apps app . ( more information )
( 1 ) check out legacy play store . you can get the list on uninstalled paid apps . installed list includes both paid and unpaid . if you decide to install it , you may need to : use root explorer ( i had troubles with astro and file expert ) copy the apk to /system/app chmod the apk to 644 note : it works on my samsung galaxy s2 , running cyanogenmod9 . edit : hmm . website is currently unavailable . post a comment if you can not access it . i could probably upload the apk somewhere . [ or you could search for the app elsewhere ] ( 2 ) androidpolice just featured a greasemonkey script that allows you to separate your paid apps in google play . you might also want to check it out .
hope you are enabling usb transfer mode in the s2 usb options . works fine for me that way . more settings > usb utilities > mass storage .
i barely remember similar symptoms caused by a defect sd-card but that does not explain the problems with both virtual devices . did you try a different cable and a different usb-port on the computer side ? just to make sure the problem is not caused by a bad cable connection . . .
your ubuntu is very outofdate . 12.03 12.10 . 13.04 . 13.10 14.04 are all newer versions of ubuntu . use 14.04 or newer when possible since 13 issues with my s2 sdcard are almost nonexistent
here is another option similar to @onik 's reply . . . in the Contacts -&gt; menu key -&gt; Display options , there is a list that says Choose contacts to display . for example , google , backup assistant + contacts , preset , hotmail . there is a down arrow on the left of each item . click the arrow and panel appears with All contacts and a check box . uncheck the box , and those contacts will not be displayed in your list . this is for android v2.3.5 on verizon motorola
in the Settings -> Accounts &amp; Sync , select your gmail account , in there you will see " sync contacts " . you can uncheck that and the device will not sync your contacts to gmail , nor will your gmail contacts sync to your device . as onik said too , you can have it show only people with phone numbers too .
first copy all your g-mail contacts to your phone . you can find this under menu -> manage contacts -> then copy contacts . choose to copy from g-mail to phone . all the g-mail contacts will copy over ; then you can decide which ones from the phone contacts can stay and which ones you can delete without having to worry about it " syncing " with google and erasing important contact info . then you can also take it a step further and click your contact phonebook viewer . you can choose phone only , sim , gmail , etc ; by selection . the phonebook will show only this information . finally for those who do not want to clutter up their phonebook with every email you have ever sent - you can click under settings " view contacts with phone numbers only " . this will give you a cleaner look for the phonebook . hope that helps
there is an option to only show contacts that have a phone number , you can set it in Contacts -&gt; menu key -&gt; Display options . this will hide the unnecessary contacts but keep your email synced .
the problem lies with the type of usb driver you have downloaded . they are two types of usb driver 's . 1 . type1 2 . type2 type1 usb driver is used only for file transfer and personal purpose like backup etc . whereas type2 usb driver is used solely for debugging ( development ) . you need to download the debug driver for your motorola droid razr you had downloaded the type 1 driver so your device did not get recognized by eclipse ( or adt ) . in order to get your device identified via the debug enabled option download the latest debug driver for your device . follow this link on downloading the device drivers for your device
endless hours were spent trying to connect my motorola razr to my computer . this finally worked : go to google playstore on the phone . download motorola pim ( all upper case ) . if you have an extended battery case/charger on the phone , remove the phone and insert the usb cable into the port on the top of the phone . or download airdroid and connect wirelessly .
i also had same issue and i initially connected my phone in ptp mode and then phone got detected but i could not see the videos . i went to phone and changed mode to mtp and then the videos were available . catch here is that when you are connecting your phone to laptop it should be in ptp mode and then change to mtp . if you have mtp mode and try connecting your mobile to laptop then your pc might not detect the phone .
camera ptp mode means picture transfer protocol . this is probably why you can not see any videos . select usb mode and navigate to the same folder . make sure you are checking the right " camera " folder as you may have 2 , one on your sd card and one in the internal phone memory .
androidforums has a guide for rooting the htc one v . i can not post the steps here , since the link is blocked at my current location .
this very comprehensive article entitled " guide to game controllers on android " published on 9th may 2012 maybe greatly beneficial to you : http://www.pocketables.com/2012/05/guide-to-game-controllers-on-android.html you may also be interested in this video ( approx . 45 mins duration ) entitled " gaming on the nexus 7 with a ps3 controller " http://revision3.com/hak5/how-to-bluetooth-a-controller-to-nexus
i can see how you had be confused by that . it does not indicate that your phone is rooted , just that the kernel was compiled by the root user ( on a dell build machine , apparently ) ! if you look at /system/build.prop ( probably requires root to look , ha ) you will see some other similar information about the build . mine says " jaeyoon . yoon@sep-05" for the same info .
the twitter app registers an intent filter for http and https urls to twitter.com , to tell android it can open those urls itself . that is why you get the first chooser ( the list of possible apps ) . however , it seems that the twitter app can not actually understand those " redirect " links , so it asks for a web browser to handle the url . that is why you get the second chooser , with only web browsers . since the page does in fact redirect to a twitter user ( which the app can handle ) , after you have opened the url in a browser you should get a third chooser , which does include twitter , allowing you to open the user in the twitter app . however , firefox currently has a bug that means it will not offer a chooser in this case . if you pick chrome in the second chooser , it should give you the third chooser . i would call this a bug in the twitter app . you should complain to twitter and ask them to fix it .
i had this same problem after an upgrade . after a lot of digging i found the problem . before starting , note that your device must be rooted to fix it . believe or not , the problem is with the " ls " command in /system/bin . it looks like a lot of the commands are symbolic links to a file called " toolbox " , which is also located in the "/system/bin " directory . the " ls " command however links to what i think was the previous location "/data/local/toolbox " . fix is : using a suitable file manager ( i used root explorer ) , copy toolbox from /system/bin to /data/local . i guess you could also try update the ls symbolic link to point to /system/bin/toolbox , but i am not sure how to do this and there may be other link with the same problem . device : samsung galaxy tab gt-p7510 new android version : ics 4.0.4 old android version : hc 3.2
i have solved this problem . it was because of huge network traffic on the dhcp server , due to which the ack was not able to reach through wi-fi to the samsung galaxy android .
the first thing you need to do is to check your tablet version . my suspicion is that it is not running honeycomb ( android 3.0+ or the tablet version of android ) but actually a heavily modded phone version of android ( i.e. android 2.1-2.3 ) . go to settings -> about phone ( or something similar . each manufacturer changes how you access this ) if it is indeed running the version of android meant for phones , then the market might be complaining to your tablet because you might be trying to download apps meant for honeycomb . the online market automatically updates to include additional devices when you activate them ( i.e. when you initially do the android setup and sign in to your google account ) . make sure you select the drop down and check if there is another option . also make sure you activated both devices under the same account . -i know i should have made this a comment but its too long of an answer for one . :p
just hold the home button and the + button down ( not too long , though ) .
if you have access to a computer when you are trying to take the screenshots , you could do it the old fashioned way -- through the android sdk . these instructions are for windows , but it will be similar for other oses--just download the appropriate packages . when i did this , i had to install the " platform tools " package through the sdk package manager , because a necessary package ( adb ) was not installed by default .
if you have root , use the app shootme . you just shake it and it takes a screenshot . if you have a custom rom that runs off of cyanogenmod ( cm ) or is based off of cm , then hold down the power button and select the screenshot option .
for my us cellular galaxy s running gingerbread , i had the same problem . when trying to screen capture the text conversation by holding the " back " and " power/standby " buttons , it backs up a screen and takes a screen shot of the message board . i found a work-around . pull up the message thread you wish to capture . press and hold the back button . tap the power/standby button ( i know , it will capture the message board ) . while still holding the back button , tap the message thread you wish to capture . the message thread should now pull up . press the power/standby button again , and *click " , you have your screen capture ! this is the only way i have found to do this .
since i cannot find any reference online to the gpu in the tm-mid777 , i thought i would post this as a general link for any model instead . install cpu z from the google play store and run it . it will display all hardware information on your current device . this is a sample screenshot , and can be very useful if you are buying a device , or doubt that a device is legitimate . there are a lot of clones out there and this is a great tool for that also .
the xperia z supports usb-on-the-go , so with a usb-otg adaptor and a usb keyboard you should be able to enter the encryption passphrase to boot the device .
i wanted to know , so i tried entering my password incorrectly repeatedly . ( motorola droid 3 - android 2.3.4 ) after 5 , 10 , and 15 attempts i was given a 30 second " cool down " where i could not try again . on the 15th attempt i was informed that if i entered my password incorrectly 5 more times i would be forced to re-sign in with my google account . so after 20 failed attempts , you can no longer try to enter a password - you must sign in with your google credentials . i would say you are reasonably secure from a brute-force password log in at the password screen . this does not take into account any other methods - just attempting to brute force . this answer may address methods that could be used to bypass the lock screen . to specifically address your concern about firefox for android 's stored passwords - you can disable firefox sync on a lost tablet ( mozilla 's instructions ) by changing your sync password . mozilla also suggests changing all of your passwords after it .
i have heard reports of batteries dying after being left in storage for extended periods . that is wrong assumption if your keeping your battery without working condition or when phone is switched off . there is no reason battery will die .
unlike ni-cd and ni-mh batteries , li-ion batteries primarily lose their capacity by calender time rather than by charge/discharge cycles . it is simply a fact of the chemistry . from the time the cell is assembled , it will lose capacity over time , regardless of whether it is in active use or sitting in a warehouse . stored unused , you are looking at up to 15-20% loss of capacity per year ( pg 4 , figure 5b ) with the battery just sitting on a shelf . though this is more a worst-case scenario , as the battery is being stored at 35° . to help prevent this capacity loss , you should store the battery cold . in the paper above , storing the battery at 5° c ( a few degrees warmer than an average kitchen fridge , which is ideally about 1.6° c ) reduced the capacity loss rate by about half . putting the battery in a nice airtight bag ( a small ziplock is good ) is highly recommended for fridge storage to prevent unfortunate incidents relating to spills and condensation .
check you sd card for errors , preferably by powering down the phone , removing it and inserting into an sd reader . and always use " safely disconnect hardware " in windows system tray or unmount the usb mass storage device in linux .
i noticed a similar problem on my htc g2 recently after i migrated phones . deleting the thumbnails folder fixed the problem . see also : not all images showing up in gallery
a quite common cause for " disappearing media " is not restricted to photos only , but can also affect audio and video files : the media scanner checks each directory for a file named .nomedia ( this file can be empty , its content is not checked ) . if found , this directory including its subdirectories is skipped from scan -- which means , this media does not appear in the gallery . you can easily check if this might be the cause : use a file explorer ( e . g . es file explorer ) to check whether your media is where it should be ( i.e. . usually somewhere on your sd card ) . you can also check this from your computer via usb . if so , check all the tree along for a file named .nomedia ( note the leading dot ! ) . it may reside even in the root directory of your sd card -- or somewhere in the path to your media files if found , just delete it ( safe to do so -- you can re-create it anytime , it has no important content but is more likely even completely empty ) .
unless the oem has built in the option ( samsung have for example ) you cannot change the device name without root . the nexus-7 does not have this option . on the samsung galaxy s4 ( for example ) you can go to settings > more > about device > device name and you can change it directly from there . for those with root :  su getprop net.hostname setprop net.hostname &lt;new_hostname&gt;  or simply download a build . prop editor app from the play store . this requires root also . warning : any changes to this file can stop your device from working or cause unexpected behaviour , do so at your own risk . to change hotspot name : go to wireless and networks > tethering and portable hotspot . then tick the box next to portable wi-fi hotspot tap portable wi-fihotspot settings and you can edit the wi-fi network name , and choose a password . enter your name there !
i do not think it is possible without root . if you are rooted then install a terminal emulator on the tablet . enter the following : su getprop net . hostname setprop net . hostname {new_hostname} the ' getprop ' command will return the current hostname , so you can double-check it before setting the new one . reboot to refresh network assignments . taken from here ( the method without root did not show up for me so not including that ) or you could install an app from the play store that will allow you to change the host name . i expect they are doing the same thing as the commands above though , as they all require root .
when the screen redraws , that is usually a sign of low memory . considering this device is 3 years old , has 768mb of ram , a 1ghz single core processor and running an android version that was never even released for the phone , lag is going to happen . chrome and opera are both very memory hungry apps and since your device has a small amount of memory and an os with unknown memory footprint and optimizations , other tabs will get purged from memory quite easily , leading to redraws when switching tabs .
that app is really your best ( and maybe only ) choice . try resetting ( or maybe reinstalling ) the wireless tether app and try again . if that does not work , you may need to set a manual ip on your mac .
custom roms will be the only way to do this . widgetlocker changes the lock screen , but i do not think it handles incoming calls . this gingerbread rom changes the lock screen as well as how it answers calls , changing it to the android swipe across system , but like all roms , it requires a root and a wipe . it is a great rom though , and will do exactly what you need .
google now by default will think that you are in the usa . the app pulls your home address from google latitude . this is also how it knows when you are home and it is the basics for traffic info . to change this go into : Maps -&gt; Location History (tab)  here you can set both your home and work address .
sounds like the usb port is broken , though it should be fixable with soldering or something . take a look outside to see if the pins were snapped off or anything , and inside if not .
if you have the kindle app installed , just open it and it should show a selection of the books you have purchased from the kindle store . books that have not been downloaded to your device yet are available via the " archived items " menu option that pops up when you press your device 's menu , you should be able to select and download any books there . if you have downloaded kindle compatible books from elsewhere on the internet , then if you move them into the " kindle " folder on your sd card , they should appear in the listing of books when you open the kindle app . you have two options to do this : plugging your phone into a pc and mounting the sd card as an external drive , using one of the many android file manager apps that are available from google play store .
my go-to guide is over at lifehacker 's always up-to-date guide to rooting any android phone . it does not list your device specifically , but if the superoneclick method does not work for you it sounds like " the pete method " might .
i think it might differ among apps . to figure out the app in question runs in background or not , just use system> apps> running services . if it is push notification , it consumes data only when it receives data . even if it runs in background it does not consume data .
polling for updates it depends on how the app is written . most commonly , the app uses android 's AlarmManager to run itself at intervals ( say , every hour ) to check for updates . some apps might do this to keep themselves in sync with server data regardless of whether notifications are turned on or off in the app , and may ( or may not ) have another setting to disable syncing completely . other apps might only run this periodic check if notifications are turned on , and only sync when you start the app yourself . however it controls that , you should expect that when the AlarmManager starts the app in the background , it runs for as it long as it takes to get any new data from the server , and then stops running when it is finished . it will then not run until the AlarmManager starts it again in another hour ( or however long it is set to wait ) . there is ( usually ) no need for the app to be running in the background the whole time , though of course a badly written app may do this . cached background processes do not forget that android keeps background processes in memory even when they have stopped running , unless/until another process needs to use that memory . if the app is ' stopped ' , it is not using any resources , not even if android is keeping it in memory . google cloud messaging apps can use google cloud messaging ( gcm ) to be ' pushed ' updates from servers ( i.e. . from " the cloud" ) . instead of being started at regular intervals to check for data , they are only started when new data are available . this means they use less power , because they are not being started unnecessarily ; and less data , because they only talk to the server when they know it has new data . as above , an app might use gcm to keep its data in sync with the server , even if notifications are turned off . it is an implementation detail of the app : it should not affect its observable behaviour , just how much power and data it uses . android itself keeps an open connection to google 's servers . there is only one such connection on the whole phone , so installing a new app that uses gcm does not use any extra resources . when the android system receives a gcm message for a particular app , it starts that app in the background to give it the message : the app does not need to have been running already . the app then runs , and reads the message . the size of gcm messages is severely limited , so the app may still need to contact the server to find out more . for example , the gcm message might just say how many new emails there are , and the client then needs to check the server to download the new emails . for flight details , it may be that the message only has a gate number or an updated departure time , so the app might not need to contact the server for more details . as before , when the app has finished processing the update , and it has created a notification if necessary , it can stop itself : it does not need to keep running .
according to samsung and this review ( down near the end of the review ) , the 8" and 10" galaxy tab 3s have otg , but apparently the 7" does not . it might be possible to enable it by rooting and installing an app for it , but i do not know .
at least one of the usb devices would need support for host-mode usb - which is a hardware feature and therefore can not be upgraded via software - and the other needs to report as mass storage usb device . since your tablet has otg ( =host-mode usb ) support it may be a simply compatibility issue . bluetooth may be an option , but it is slow .
samnsung galaxy pop http://galaxypophacker.blogspot.com/2013/01/ics-stable-cyanogenmod-101nightly-for.html http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2060605 i am using cm-10.1-20130126-experimental-tass for 5-6 months very stable
a " release candidate " is not a stable release . you should report this error to the cyanogenmod developers so that it can be investigated and fixed for the final release .
in the gmail app press and hold until the email is highlighted ( a tick will show where the contacts initial or photo previuosly was shown ) . you can then select other emails as well using the same method . the top menu bar has actions you can perform for the selected emails . pressing the back button undoes the selections . this is for Version 4.7.2 but has been around for a while ( since when i do not know ) .
within the gmail app you can select multiple messages by using the big capital letters in front of a message .
my nexus 10 recently stopped connecting to the internet via wifi after it had been connecting for 3 months . i simply rebooted off my wireless router by removing the power for 30-60 seconds and then powering up . once the router rebooted , presto , my nexus 10 was once again connected to the wireless network and the internet .
someone with access to that router may have accessed it through the internet just as you did and set up the mac filtering . you have to manually enter every mac address of every device that is running on your network in order to block just one mac address or multiple addresses . then you have to set what mac address to block and save those settings just as you did to unblock your mac address on that specific device .
i have resolved this issue myself . here is what i did to resolve it : accessed wireless router 's settings . please remember i do not have access to adsl router which is connected to the internet . the linksys wireless router setting has " wireless " menu . under this menu , click on " wireless mac filter " . click on " enabled " radio button . click on " prevent listed computers from accessing the wireless network " radio button . i saw a list of mac addressed in this list . one of the mac addresses was that of the tablet which was not connecting . i removed this from this list and voila ! ! ! ! my tab was happy : ) ( i still do not know how it got into this list ! ! )
many android 2.2 users report the same issue 1 . i would recommend trying : delete the network from known list and then reconnect and/or set a static ip address for your 2.2 device : wifi settings -> menu -> advanced -> use static ip ( depending on your network config , submask to use : 255.255.255.0 , default gateway ( router ip ) : 192.168.1.1 ) to something like 192.168.1.200 -- 1 see the original authors : http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/mobile/bbo7y3cpon8%5b1-25%5d
i have encountered this problem twice , once with my htc flyer , originally with android os 2.3 , but somehow after i updated os to gingerbread the problem 's gone . second happened with my google nexus i515 , running os 4.04 . tried everything until i clicked settings -> system -> change wifi regulatory domain , and chose emea and rest of world ( the other options were us and japan which were not where i am located ) wifi settings resetted and problem 's solved .
put a shortcut to the alarm clock and , optionally , a clock widget on a separate home screen .
as @logos has said rightly having any modifications on rom does not have any effect on the charge/discharge . first of all let 's understand the simple concept of battery consumption . the device requires charge to run the software and perform various tasks done by the processor ( graphics , antenna , gps , bluetooth etc . ) . it only depends on which kind of processor is used by your device and not by the rom , having an updated or increased rom will only give you speed but not charge . if this processor design is not good then due to some usage itself the device gets heated up thereby raising health concerns . as the number of charge consuming hardware increases ( nfc , wi-fi , bluetooth , graphic card , high output speakers , camera etc . ) the battery capacity also increases ( 2500mah or 3500mah ) . if the battery capacity is less then you will suffer from low battery very soon and if the battery capacity is high ( i.e. . around 3000mah ) then the time required to do a full charge ( 100 % charge ) will take some time due to this many smartphones in the market having higher capacity battery ( devices with high capacity battery are fixed permanently in your device for example motorola e has higher capacity battery which can easily last for a day , has its battery soldered permanently in the phone and cannot be removed ) so next time you purchase a device go for a high capacity battery as well as the latest android 4.4.4 operating system ( the latest operating system of android is by far the best for consuming less and efficient battery management ) . visit this site for further details about smartphone batteries . now coming to your phone usage in order to improve the battery life try reducing the screen brightness to optimum level and not automatic brightness . turn off the mobile data/wi-fi/g . p . s when not in use . use headphones instead of a speaker on your device wherever possible . last but not the least as you would be traveling a lot in your car invest in a car charger accessory which is readily available and also gives you charge on the move .
chraging is generally limited by hardware , not the rom - ie , the charging cable and the device charging input and battery . different charging adaptors can provide different amperages ( eg , the note ii charger provides a 2amp feed ) . using the wrong amperage may damage your device by overloading the charging port or battery , depending on your hardware ; it is unlikely tho as the hardware should limit this . if you are finding that your car charger is not providing enough juice , you might want to try buying a charging cord with higher amperage than the charging cord you are currently using . the maximum charge rating for a galaxy s ii is for 5v/1amp .
according to this youtube video , where the user measured actual current drawn while adjusting the settings , the maximum is 650ma ( . 65a ) . contrary to the first answer , the charging device cannot in any way " push " current into any device ; it is like the ac outlet , which can supply a lot of current , but will never supply too much unless there is a defect or short . the charger can only supply current , hopefully enough to satisfy the amount the device is trying to draw . you cannot damage your device by using an adaptor that supplies higher current , you can only slow down the charging by supplying too little . the device itself contains the charging circuitry that controls how much current is drawn at various stages of charging . if the wall adaptor could damage a device by supplying too much current , then it would not be safe to plug it into the computer usb port , which is often capable of supplying higher current when properly negotiated by the device .
if you have not yet rebooted your device since this problem started , do that first , then try the following if that still does not correct the issue . log in to the google voice site and go to settings -> calls and turn off call screening . now see if a call will go through , you wont have to press "1" because you are no longer screening . if you do want call screening , try to now turn the call screening back on .
you could try booting into fastboot mode , and then use fastboot -w . this command wipes userdata and cache , and thus should be equivalent to a factory-reset . for more information , there is a list of fastboot commands , and of course our fastboot tag-wiki .
download mobiletrans , run it . connect your nokia and android at a time via usb click " start copy " to transfer contacts , text messages , photos and videos from nokia to the android . it was developed by wondershare , you can download it from here edit : maybe you can have a try with samsung switch mobile , created by sumsang
connect your nokia handset and start nokia ovi suite on your pc create a backup . nbu file ( it does not matter what you select for backup , as long as it includes messages ) download nbu explorer ( open-source program which allows you to explore . nbu backup files and export them ) run nbuexplorer . exe > file > open > browse to your . nbu file and open it go to the messages tab and click on " export messages " button located above the table on the right pane in the " save as type " field , select ( * . xml ) and save the file i wrote a little tool which converts the . xml file to the format accepted by thesms backup and restore android application . download xml2android . exe save the tool in the same folder where you saved the . xml extracted file open the command line console ( win7: start > type " cmd " and press enter ) cd to the directory where you saved the files ( e . g . cd c:\my_messages ) execute : xml2android ( e . g . xml2android my_sms . xml ) this will generate a file called androidsms . xml , copy this file to your android phone on your android , download the sms backup and restore app from google play now , simply run the app on your phone and restore your old messages from the generated xml file . you are done !
i think the sorting problem depends on your messaging app . many stock messaging app does not sort messages by date but by received time . the aosp messaging app does sort by date ( in cyanogenmod at least ) . textra does ( 4.0+ ) , go sms too , and also the new hangouts app ( 4.0+ ) .
problem solved ! i flashed cwm to the phone using heimdall for mac , then loaded a gapps file from a zip i had copied to the phone . works like a charm . thank you rossc for all your help .
are you rooted ? check in wifi advanced settings that port/proxy settings are blank or as required by the router . update : converting comment to answer .
as i go to setting 's advance option i noticed i have checked use static ip address and given some fix ip address . . . that is why wifi was not working . removing that everything works
as you can see from the screenshot , you can definitely get colored output in ls on android . ( side note - i have got some bashrc magic running so the default ls output is ls --color=auto ) probably you are either running ls in a sh shell and not bash , you have got a watered-down oem version of ls , or there is some strange magic happening between adb on windows and the linux terminal . what device/android version/rom are you running ? what output does ls --version give ?
try downloading the update . zip again to ensure it is not a bad download . try updating your version of clockworkmod recovery , i think the latest version for your phone is 6.0.3.1 . get into fastboot mode and ensure you have the drivers installed . you can flash this by downloading the relevant file and running the command fastboot flash recovery &lt;recoveryfile&gt; ( replace with the filename of the recovery you downloaded ( eg recovery-clockwork-touch-6.0.3.1-crespo4g . img ) if that fails you could try flashing the factory image again . download the factory image from here and unzip . there should be a flash-all . bat which will restore your phone to stock . note that this operation deletes all user data by default . ( although i guess you have already wiped so nothing left to delete ! )
not exact but alternate solution is change google account password so it will automatically sign out and ask for new password in device . after that register the device with your username and new password so you are the only user using it . the other is not able to use your account any more as that one does not have new password . : )
first , i would not be that worried about ' hiding ' the phone . i would be worried that if he can see what they download , his account is still attached to that phone . which means they can see everything he downloads , emails , chats , etc . he needs to change the password on the gmail account . maybe , for extra security , turn on 2 step verification . you can not , at this time , remove a device from the market . what you can do is go to your play settings and you can hide the device so they do not show up in the menus .
after failing to avoid freezing by sw settings , i resorted to last resort : baking motherboard . : ) result : device is bricked . it wont even start . i will buy a new motherboard .
the apk file is stored in the internal memory still , it is in the ' data ' folder . i do not think you can do much about that with earlier versions of android but if you find a way then please let me know !
an individual place can be swiped away , but there is no way to tell google now to never show you a specific place again .
when you are done organizing your contacts on the google contacts page , and before syncing with your phone , go to applications-> manage applications and clear data+cache of the contacts app ( plus some other service i cannot recall currently , something like a contacts provider if there is ) . then open your contacts app to verify no contact is left . that done , sync again -- as there are no contacts on your device , it cannot upload anything ( and thus not mess things up again ) , but should simply download the data from the google server .
as andrás ' comment says , the nexus 4 uses slimport not mhl . i use this slimport adaptor to connect my n4 to a tv .
no : your whatsapp contact list will display the names you chose for the numbers in your phonebook . the nickname an user has is only displayed if he/she is not in your phonebook and he/she is posting in a group you are in .
force-closes are pretty much never related to hardware , only to software . a kernel panic ( and a subsequent device reboot ) is what happens when the hardware is faulty .
random force closes are only suspicious if it is truly random ( i.e. . no plausible causes ) and it is only happening on your device . in most other cases , it is simply due to poorly coded third party apps . there are two kinds of force close dialogs : android offers to force close applications that fail to respond to an input event within five seconds . when this happens , the force close dialog offers you to either " wait " , " report " , or " force close " the app ( this is also called the anr/application not responding dialog ) . there is also another force close dialog that happens due to an unrecoverable crash or unhandled exception ( e . g . null pointer error , stack overflow , array out of bound , etc ) . this crash dialog would not offer you to " wait " , just to " report " or " force close " . in any case , check the report dialog and see if you can scrap any useful info ( most importantly , the traceback ) to determine whether it is an application bug . google the traceback message with the name of the app to see if it is probably a common issue with that particular version of the app . make sure you keep your apps up to date .
you can check if your phone is currently unlocked/rooted in bootloader ( volume down+power for a few seconds when phone is off should do it . otherwise google for your phone . ) i guess there is no way to check if your device was ever rooted . indeed , the safest* is to root the phone yourself and flash a rom . another advantage of this is that you are up-to-date . *of course , there is always the potential risk that rooting fails and your device explodes : )
download bluekeyboard jp from the play store . this makes it a lot easier to set up a bluetooth keyboard . here is how to set it up : install the app . then go to settings > language and keyboard . check bluekeyboard jp and go into its settings , and then into bluetooth settings . enable bluetooth and scan for devices . make sure your bluetooth keyboard is on also . if you see it in the devices list , click it and then it'll ask you to enter a pin . just type 4 numbers ( 0000 or 1234 for example ) and press ok . once you do that , on your bluetooth keyboard , type the same number sequence and press enter and it should say your keyboard is " paired , but not connected " on your droid . go back and disable auto capitalization , select your keyboard in the selected keyboard tab and you should be good to go . to try it out effectively , disable your android keyboard ( or select the bluekeyboard jp keyboard in the input method tab ) and go into any app and select a text field and it should say that the keyboard is trying to connect in your notification bar . once it does , try typing and it should work ! the google play page has some reviews from droid x users saying it works just fine for them . that said , a lot of reviewers ( on various devices ) complain of unreliability .
there is an app called mobileodin , which is able to flash your recovery from a running system .
maybe access control is a solution ? guard mode : calls , notes , gallery , text messages will be hidden and launcher editing is disabled access control : choose what applications are password protected to run
you might want to check for " app lockers " like e.g. app lock , which allow you to password-protect apps , or use even more restrictive child protection apps like e.g. child app protector , which can sandbox an environment ( also called " kiosk mode" ) . a somehow " special " solution would be app locker ii : fake crash , which in " protected mode " displays a fake force-close message so people do not get the idea you protected something .
android 3 ( honeycomb ) offers full system encryption natively . however , as it is only for tablets at this point i will post some other avenues . there was some work done on this for the g1 using luks and cryptsetup . i think i have seen this on a moto droid rom too , but you will definitely need root . it is not trivial to do , and there is not too much interest so popular roms like cyanogenmod do not provide for this natively . there are some apps in the market that support encrypted file stores ( check out lock files ) . i have no idea how transparent that is on the system however . to your italicized point on remote wipe . there are many solutions for this . if you are using exchange you can push this with activesync , if not apps like lookout , and more provide remote wipe and other functions . there are even manual ways w/ dyndns and a listening ssh server . hope i was some help .
inside this question linked by gathrawn , there is a link found by noname : android - encryption motorola claims it will offer " file system level encryption for both internal device memory as well as sd card " , in early 2011 . this encryption seems to be exactly what i was asking for ( more details in the link ) . all that is left is to hope that motorola lives up to its promise .
i had the same problem and then remembered that the new router was set to only accept connections by mac address . when i added my nexus one mac address to the new router , it connected perfectly .
a few things to try : ensure that the wi-fi network you are connecting to is an infrastructure mode ( router ) and not ad-hoc ( shared connection via another phone or laptop ) as android does not support ad-hoc mode out of the box . disable the Avoid poor connections option under settings -> wi-fi -> menu -> advanced . on the same screen , switch the W-Fi frequency band from default " auto " option to the one your router uses ( 2.4 ghz vs . 5 ghz ) . check your router settings to ensure it is not filtering by mac address . if it is - either disable that option , or add your phone 's mac address to the list of allowed devices . check the settings on the wifi network on the settings -> wi-fi screen . long-press on the network you are trying to connect to , select Modify network , and check that the settings for security are correct . try re-connecting fresh . on the settings -> wi-fi screen long-press the network you are trying to connect to and select Forget network option . try re-connecting to it .
i am looking for the same solution and the only thing i have come up with is the sonus connect . it sells for around $300 . have not tried it yet , but seems to fit what you are looking for . basically you would transmit audio from your phone to the sonus connect . the sonus connect would be wired to the amp and the amp to the speakers .
pocketvm pocket cloud one of these should help you
i use business calendar . it also has a free version . the agenda widget scrolls up and down my touch-scrolling ( for lack of a better term ) , unlike under widgets where you need to click an up / down button to scroll ( like prodo ) . if you click on the adgenda widget , you can launch its calendar . the agenda widget also has an add button for creating new events .
agenda widget plus allows a user to do this easily . as far as full scale calendar app replacements go , give the excellent jorte calendar a try - it too has loads of widgets and many customizable settings .
this is a bit of a stab in the dark from stuff i have read , but here goes . . . i believe that the uploading is done through the generic android/google/picasa features but htc have their own gallery app that relies on an additional plugin to display picasa web albums . go to the htc hub app , settings -> sync and make sure you have the sync option checked for htc hub . if you do not have the latest version of the picasa plugin then you should get a notification to download it , which might fix your issue . if you do already have the latest plugin then double check under the accounts settings that your google account is set to sync with picasa and that there is not an additional sync option somewhere for the plugin itself .
go online and download the . apk for gallery for 2.1 and install . make sure you have nonmarket apps checked ( under Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development ) . after install go back and sync all google accounts . you will have two galleries but the new one will be able to sync with picasa . open it and you should see all your picasa stuff . it worked for me with htc wildfire .
i had the same problem after having updated my incredible s to gingerbread . i do not know if it was some kind of luck , but the following fixed the problem : uninstall the picasa plugin ( go to htc hub/plugins ) parameters/applications/manage/gallery -> force the gallery application to stop . go back to htc hub/plugins and install again the picasa plugin . parameters/accounts and sync/ your google account/ enable the picasa update , and update now . wait until the end of the update , then go back to the gallery , the picasa plugin should now have linked your picasa account with your google account ! hope this will work for you too ! flolagale .
ok , not a real final answer , but this is what happened . i had another problem with the gallery , described here : not all images showing up in gallery in following all the advice there i have removed data from " gallery " application in menu-> settings-> applications removed the . thumbnails directory from /dcim removed data from gallery app again . shut down the phone and removed the battery . i do not know if that fixed the showing-up problem , but now all of a sudden i can actually see my picasa folders . .
the htc hub suggestion put me in the right direction . i enabled the plugin when i was not using picasa web . since google+ i do , but the plugin said my google account was not linked to picasa web . uninstalling and reinstalling did the trick .
do you know how the internal storage is formatted ? if it is fat then there is not much you can do . otherwise you could do something like this from adb shell or from a terminal on the phone : cd /sdcard ln -s /sdcard2 &lt;name&gt;  for example , if &lt;name&gt; was sd2 then you can now access it via /sdcard/sd2/ .
you can try android vnc server on your tablet , it should do the work . . .
yes , it is supported by ics or higher android versions . but , it is not easy to find an otg cable on the market . if you are like me and do not like waiting for ebay to have it shipped to you , here 's a youtube link to make one yourself . requires some experience
usb host mode was introduced with honeycomb ( android 3.1 , see changelog . this clearly explains why it failed on your gingerbread ( 2.3 ) device -- and also should answer your question whether it is supported by ice cream sandwich ( android 4.0 ) and above : yes , it should work . as ov1d1u explained in his answer , it will require a " usb otg cable " ( otg stands for " on-the-go" ) . does fine on my cat stargate 2 btw : )
yes . i have a ( cheap ) tablet with android 4.0.4 and i use a physical usb keyboard with it . i just needed an usb otg cable , a standard usb cable will not work .
this section of the cyanogen instructions seems to cover the developer sapphire handsets
unfortunately cyanogen have not build 2.3-gingerbread yet but you can get gingerbread on the magic through ginger yoshi . details on xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=932118
as far as i understand your question , you have successfully created an adhoc network on your nexus and your laptop is able to connect . now you want to create an adhoc network on your laptop and you want to connect your nexus to it . after doing some research , i have found out that android does not work ( well ) with adhoc networks . there are some custom roms which have enabled the ad hoc function . from what i have been reading , mako bb-8 and aokp will be able to do ad hocs . i think cyanogenmod has also a modified wpa_supplicant to support ad hoc networks . if you do not want to flash a custom rom , you could try to rip the wpa_supplicant ( from the same android version you are using ) from one of the custom roms mentioned before . you could also try to install wifi ad hoc enabler for android , which might work for you . if that does not work , you could try another method , which is harder . check it out here . i also found this , i do not think it'll work , but worth mentioning : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1591207
i highly doubt you can tell nor force the system to charge to its maximum as that is the soc that is handling the battery current , in which the kernel is periodically polling to measure the battery charge . ( you could in theory mess with the values of the threshold within the kernel 's specific battery module , but that could have unintended consequences , possibly damage to the battery long term ! ) observing battery state power limit is subjective and debatable as to each and their own , depends on what they are using on their handset - you are not going to get a concrete answer out of that . : )
i finally found the soultion with the help of my techie friend connect the device throgh usb and run the command : adb shell am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -c android.intent.category.HOME  a window comes up . select touchwiz home and select always android home screen will come up . reset the device and there you go . . . surelock is gone . thanks to léa for this solution .
i do not know if they will work in this case , but maybe you could have a look at apps like auto bluetooth , bluetooth auto connect , automatic bluetooth toggle and many more ( just look for somethinig like auto bluetooth in play store ) . maybe there are some apps that can solve your problem . as far as i know , there is no real built-in way to enable that button .
on the bottom , near the primary mic , is a slot to " pry off " the battery cover . be careful , of course !
can you boot into recovery mode ( vol up + home + power button combo ) or download mode ( vol down + home + power button combo ) ? if not , have it checked by a service center .
i use a combination of keepassdroid , wavelauncher and clipstore , which allows me to access my password manager from any app without having to close it , and copy my password to the clipstore before returning to the app i was in . sounds more complicated than it is ! alternatively , many like lastpass for automatic password storage and entry . but if you really want something gesture based , maybe biowallet along with it is separate biowallet browser might be of insterest . you can assign a signature , which is infinitely more secure than point to point gestures .
so i could not wait and went out and bought one . turns out gifs work relatively well . all of them animate . however , too heavy a page can really bog down performance . tumblr , for instance , only works well if i turn off unlimited scrolling . with only one or two gifs on the page , they animate well . with a large page , gifs will animate , but slowly while skipping some frames . all in all , it is a usable experience .
if you are in a hot area ( in a car , outside in florida ) this may happen simply because of the surrounding temperature . if this is happening regularly under normal conditions , you may want to contact your seller , as the problem is most likely with the hardware of the phone or battery .
yes . page camera is now included in the evernote widgets . add it to your droid screen just like you would any of the other evernote widgets .
yes indeed you can ! it is not a ' stock ' or ' hangouts ' feature though , but there are apps that can perform this functionality . sms notifier on the google play store has this option as you will see in the screenshots for it . off the record a friend said that google tend to prefer you to activate something , rather than mark as read ! that is why you do not see this option very much . as per bmdixon : this does not work in hangouts . it seems ok if hangouts is not the default sms application , but this may vary between android versions and oem devices .
its a huge security hole because it allows an application to add your facebook and google and other account names to your online profile without you realizing it . if the site is hacked the hackers could follow through to other know accounts if you were stupid enough to use the same password . lots of people are that stupid so it will happen . an online dating site or porn site might leak your real facebook and google account names to the people you are chatting with even though you never gave that information to the site itself . anonymous online ? not any more .
this permission is of moderate-high importance . this allows the application to read what accounts you have and the usernames associated with them . it allows the app to interact with permission related to that account . an example would be an app that was restoring your contact , would discover your google account then send you to google 's login screen . it does not actually get to see your password , but it gets to work with the account . this is also legitimately used by applications to add contacts to your accounts , such as dialer replacements and contact managers/backup/sync/etc . source
after spending the whole week searching for this issue and testing different settings and tricks recommended by users from other forums , i have finally found the culprits . it seems that the least mark of your fingertips on the lens of your phone 's camera will make it less sensitive to qr codes and barcodes in general . that and also not having autofocus on . things i did that helped : clean the camera lens with a soft cloth to remove fingerprints or other marks turn on autofocus on your camera , if it is not on try setting camera action to macro , this seemed to make it recognize codes faster . i hope these tips can help others as it helped me . edit : also check this forum for more tips on this matter .
in general , custom roms are free . to date , i am not aware of any custom rom that is paid ( at least for the custom roms i have used for my samsung galaxy s2 , s4 and nexus 7 ) . however , you can donate to the developers if you wish . rooting and installing the custom rom yourself is free , assuming you accept all the risks , which includes bricking ( or destroying ) your phone . if you are not confident enough to perform the rooting and installation of a custom rom , you can ask an experienced person to do it for you . of course , they may or may not request for payment .
i did have the same problem ! but amazingly that was due to charge it with its original charger ! i was very frustrated with those ghost touches which cause my touch screen unresponsive . samsung dealer told me that its may due to its charger so after that i used to charge it with my tablet charger which was 1 amp same as the original . . . now it looks like the problem goes away ! cz those ghost touches used to appear after every 3 hours and my temporary solution was to lock and unlock but now it passed 30 hours but i did not noticed any thing ! hope everyone problem as simple as my one !
i had a phone that did this , the second i saw it going off on its own i would turn off the screen and turn it back on . the screen would recalibrate and it would work perfectly fine for a while . what really used to set my phone off would be when i got grudge on it like water , sweat or food . it always happened if i took my phone into the bathroom when i took a shower . try to wipe off the screen before turning it on . newer phones are better at detecting when you have grudge on your screen so it is not such an issue .
my opinion is the screen might be grounded with some metallic or conductive object inside the phone . probably a loosened part due to use . you can try to wave a strong magnet ( like neodymium ) at the back of the phone . data should not be affected anyway because flash chips are resistant to magnetism . but its still much better if you can get it repaired thru warranty .
google migrated to using the mobile interface for tablets in android 4.2 you will not be able to change to the previous button arrangement on your stock rom . you could root your phone and install a custom rom such as paranoid android to get back your old button arrangement . hope this helps .
you can root your phone and install a custom rom . also , there is an app called full ! screen for rooted phones i believe . it let 's you remove the buttons and then reposition them . not sure if it is the right app . otherwise . . just search the play store for root apps related to buttons
f-stop media gallery does exactly that . you can preview photos and it has an on-screen 5 star rating and " favorite " button . unfortunately , the tags do not " stay " with the photo if you upload to google+ or facebook .
i can not see the point of doing this when then are commercially available solutions . search using the keywords " mobile power bank " . sure this is an interesting project and you can probably save a couple of bucks , but remember you are traveling in a plane , where you might need to explain to the security officers how your homebrew or " hackish " solution is not an improvised terror weapon .
many laptop nowadays supports charging over usb while sleeping/suspended . so you only need a long usb cable , and put your laptop under the seat in front of you in sleep mode . a 1.5m cable is best but 1m would work as well .
had exactly the same issue . fixed it : set the router to automatically assign dns . turn off pc , router , android . turn on pc , router , android after 15 sec . everything works like before now ! : )
clean all the cache using all-in-one toolbox , and restart your phone . it worked for me .
there are two possibilities : update your pre 4.2 . x sdk to the latest version that includes rsa auth . if i am right to assume you are running linux ( user/ . android/ ) . in case of ubuntu/debian : the ' android-tools-adb ' package provides the adb binary which is preferred to that of the sdk . if it is installed , it must be recent ( > 4.2 ) , because rsa authentication is not integrated in earlier versions . you can manually download that of roaring and install it on 12 . xx , i have tested this already and it worked . or just use that from the sdk . be sure to kill the old adb server instance after upgrading/fixing the version .
yes , all rooted apps theoretically can use the entire system , including all facilities that otherwise need app permissions . they could also modify the permissions database " under the radar " to grant its non-root part more permissions than were requested at install time . you have to trust root-using apps not to violate their given permissions .
it is not because of cracked screen . it is because something has broke inside , i believe that is causing the battery to lose efficiency . get it checked at the service center , it may cost you much for the screen , as much as half the price of the phone sometimes , so you may want to consider buying another , over repairing . your preference .
it could be that the visible crack is not the only damage to your phone . if a connector is shorting in the screen or another component , that could be draining the battery ( as well as generating heat ) . a short could also cause sparking around the damaged component , which will cause further damage over time . you should get your phone repaired . if you tell the mechanic that you broke the screen by dropping it , they will know to look out for other damage while they disassemble the device .
if your computer is a windows pc , i recommend using snap pea described as " android 's best friend " . theres a short video tutorial , as well as explanation on the main front page of its functions . ( having never used it myself i am not sure if it transfer videos , but as its free you have nothing to lose ) http://www.snappea.com/ if you are using an apple mac and your phone is incompatible with htc sync manager , then i recommend using air droid which is browser based . http://www.airdroid.com/
one way would be to use websharing lite available at google play/android market . once installed , you can navigate to an address set up by websharing via your computer and transfer any files you need . edit : there are many applications to do this as pointed out by @richard-borcsik below . this is just one off the top of my head . if you establish a google account for your android device and then log into gmail for that google account , the contacts that you have on the phone/device automatically show up in your gmail contacts list . at least , that has been my experience . so you may not really need a separate application to transfer/update contacts .
in my phone , gmail allows to configure how many days are to be synchronized , and specific labels are allowed to sync either within that period or completely . these labels include inbox , starred , etc . but not all mail . i think they have not implemented all mail as an actual label , but if your phone has this day setting , i would assume it should work . a workaround while it is not fixed by the developers could be adding an equivalent custom label , such as # All Mail or Archived , and creating a filter in the web interface to apply that label to all of your incoming and outgoing mail . by starting the label name with a hash , you give it precedence in label listing .
the overflow menu for google now ( on all form factors , i believe ) is in the bottom right corner of the app instead of the top right , where most other applications put it . you need to make sure you have scrolled all the way to the bottom of your cards , though , because it shares the bar with the " show more cards . . . " button , which is hidden if your screen is full .
as far as i know there is no way that you can limit the ability of the phone to edit content . that said there are many steps you can take to ensure that somebody will not be able to get to the stage where they can delete your content and dealing with it if it happens : setup a pin number on your sim setup a lock screen on your phone install an application like seekdroid and give it admin access so that you can remote wipe your phone if you lose it install two factor authentication on all accounts which support it ( google , dropbox , facebook certainly do atm . others may ) make regular backups of anything you would be lost without , and store those backups in the cloud or in multiple places do not use the same password more than once . i use lastpass to ensure that all my passwords are all over 20 random characters . you should really follow all of these steps - it adds a bit of overhead to some tasks , but i certainly favour the security over the convenience .
that is an issue for the cloud service providers ( google , dropbox , facebook , etc . etc . ) . suggestion : if they have so much storage , then only an elevated login should be able to permanently delete / re-password , etc . final thought : however , there is just as much havoc in all your information being disclosed ( copied , publicly released ) , as in it being deleted .
most of these permissions are used by google now and the new features they will be bringing out after google i/o and the upcoming android l release . i am not sure about why they need a lot of these permissions , but i will explain the ones that i know about . feel free to edit the answer to improve it . i have listed all the sub permissions as listed in the play store . device and app history retrieve running apps this is for an upcoming feature where google search results will point/link directly to apps installed on your phone . read your web bookmarks and history this is for making google now suggestions based on your web habits . for example , i get updates about fifa world cup scores because i have searched for them on my phone before . identity find accounts on the device should be related to the feature mentioned in " retrieve running apps " it is also needed to log in with your google account for the " commute sharing " feature , to access your web search history , and for app search , if you have any of these features turned on add or remove accounts read your own contact card contacts/calendar read your contacts mainly for google voice commands , such as calling a contact or sending them a message . modify your contacts read calendar events plus confidential information for reminding you about upcoming events . add or modify calendar events and send email to guests without owners ' knowledge location precise location ( gps and network-based ) approximate location ( network-based ) to provide location based suggestions , i get google now cards with places to eat nearby , weather reports , photo spots nearby , etc sms receive text messages ( sms ) send sms messages to send messages via voice commands edit your text messages ( sms or mms ) read your text messages ( sms or mms ) phone directly call phone numbers make calls via voice commands read call log photos/media/files test access to protected storage modify or delete the contents of your usb storage camera/microphone take pictures and videos record audio wi-fi connection information view wi-fi connections might be used for guessing when you are at home/work or maybe related to this device id and call information read phone status and identity other send gmail permission to write sound search matches preload results modify secure system settings receive data from internet choose widgets download files without notification read google settings disable or modify status bar contacts data in google accounts view configured accounts adjust your wallpaper size prevent app switches modify google settings set an alarm run at startup control flashlight view network connections prevent device from sleeping install shortcuts use accounts on the device change your audio settings read google service configuration modify system settings full network access pair with bluetooth devices access bluetooth settings set wallpaper send sticky broadcast connect and disconnect from wi-fi read sync settings control vibration
with these things there are always exceptions and a few clever work-arounds , the below is general advice . only flash a rom for your exact device model you can not flash something not ' stock ' through the stock recovery , attempting to do so will cause signature errors . the opposite ; flashing stock rom through a custom recovery will also error . so you will not be able to restore to stock first ( more than likely anyway . ) however , since you do not immediately need the phone on stock , then you can copy any rom compatible with your device onto the sd card and flash that through recovery . at least then you will be have a booting device , and can deal with the usb drivers issue . installing in recovery would usually involve the 2 main steps below : Wipe the device Install from zip and then install any other zips you may need ( e . g . google-apps ) . you could attempt to mount the sd card in your recovery but i would guess you have tried all those options . also as izzy has pointed out you may need a new radio-firmware flashed on the device to allow " low level interface " connection , so the kernel has nothing to connect to . once again only flash something for your exact device or you will have a shiny paper weight !
install tasker https://play.google.com/store/search?c=appsq=tasker+apk read about tasker and how to use http://tasker.dinglisch.net/ tasker is an application for android which performs tasks ( sets of actions ) based on contexts ( application , time , date , location , event , gesture ) in user-defined profiles or in clickable or timer home screen widgets . download a script or write one to start and continue refreshing the browser at needed intervals . https://groups.google.com/forum/m/#!forum/tasker always do a backup ! ! ! !
and the answer is pretty simple , use cp instead of mv )
i stopped music player using " top " command inside adb shell and killing the process id of music app with superuser ( root ) access .
figured it out . originally synced it with " my music " folder option and no playlists showed up . restarted with option of " itunes " and in a few minutes my playlists showed up without having to resync all the music .
most barcode readers can recognize addresses . for calendar entries , this might vary ; but give qr droid a try , which promises not only to read , but also create them : contacts , bookmarks , apps , geo-locations , events , and even sms can be encoded as well as decoded . also 2d barcodes ( on products ) should be supported .
there is no native way to do this , as android simply does not support it . any wallpaper which is not a live wallpaper will be displayed as a static image . specifically , romain guy notes in a comment on the android issue tracker that all regular wallpapers are saved as png images after cropping . there is no way to change this behaviour aside from modifying the android source code . there are some third-party apps that will allow you to use an animated gif as a wallpaper , such as animgif live wallpaper . the downside , though , is that i believe all of these will be live wallpaper applications , which sort of defeats the purpose .
if the kernel was not compiled with /proc/config . gz support turned on , then the only sure way is to look at the source tree that was used to compile the kernel you are running . copy the config . h file into your own source tree ( or just use the original source tree ) and run make menuconfig to set any new options you want .
download the firmware from : http://hotfile.com/dl/146491093/3b7d6c9/p1000lvijr2_p1000lzvvjr3_zvv.zip.html or www.sammobile.com after that follow this " how to " to install the new firmware : http://androidromupdate.com/2012/02/26/how-to-install-p1000xwjq8-android-2-3-6-firmware-update-on-galaxy-tab-gt-p1000/ make preparation before flashing : - back-up all important data stored in your device ( this is important to keep all your data in safe , if something went wrong ) - ensure that the battery is fully charge ( power lose may interupt the process and might brick the device in no time ) - galaxy tab usb cable wire – a good conditioned usb wire . - a pc/laptop with working usb port that runs in windows os , this will not work on mac users ) - install kies on your pc just to get the driver of the tab , or grab the driver . - disable any antivirus program , and also kies if you have it installed . download tools and stock rom : odin downloader with pit and driver for galaxy tab stock roms : choose the right p1000xwjq8 stock firmware according to your country or carrier providers . the build number is the same on each packages but varies with different csc file on each specific countries , so you should choose the right firmware for your device to avoid any functionality issues . these stock rom’s can be found in at sammobile . odin flashing procedure 1 ) once you downloaded the right stock firmware for you device , extract it using winrar , 7zip or any other program to have the single . tar . md5 file . 2 ) run odin on your desktop . 3 ) check the pda checkbox and tick the pda button and then load the extracted p1000xwjq8_p1000xxjpz_p1000dbtjq1_home . tar . md5 . ( no pit repartition necessary if you have your device runs in original firmware ) ( pit file is only needed for advacne users who installed their device with any custom roms and getting an error flashing official firmware . grab the pit file here , if you needed it ) 4 ) ensure that the “repartion” checkbox mark empty , just only the auto reboot and f . reset time remains to be checked . 5 ) set the galaxy tab into download mode – turn it off first then gently press and hold the volume down and power button together at the same time . 6 ) once the tab displays in download mode screen , connect the usb cable . check odin if the id:com turns in yellow color and message say ‘added ! ’ ( it means that the device is properly connected and already recognized with odin ) 7 ) hit the “start” button to begin flashing or installing the firmware . do not touch the phone while in flashing process , just wait until it completely finishes . 8 . ) a word “pass” on odin window will then appear as if the flashing succefully done . wait until the tablet completly reboots . , before removing the usb cable . do a factory reset , *2767*3855# to regain a full fresh firmware installed . then confirm the newly installed firmware *#1234# . that’s it . .
i cannot find any official documentation on this icon , but various sources across the internet suggest that it means you have " power saving " mode enabled on your device . it looks like this is specific to huawei 's devices , and can be disabled in your settings .
i would recommend doing it via bluetooth . in first place the pc-companion for c702 is not the same version as for the xperia , so you will have two installations . and when i have tried syncing through the sonyerricson online sync service ( synml ) i have faced the problem that some number types ( "mobile ( privat ) " and " mobile ( work ) " ) could be exported to the online service , but not imported back to the xperia . they were missing on my xperia . so make sure if " mobile ( privat ) " and " mobile ( work ) " numbers of your c702 are missing on your xperia . seems that number types " mobile ( privat ) " and " mobile ( work ) " have problems being accepted on other phones . but when i did it via bluetooth , android switched the number types correctly on the fly .
you can use powerful and free software myphoneexplorer ( from www.fjsoft.at ) . it works with all sonyericsson old phones and most android phones ( including x10 ) . you can easily backup contacts from c702 to your pc and then import the contacts to your x10 .
the x10 phone book application can import vcard-files . i imported my palm centro contact list successfully using 1.6 , but it failed in 2.1 . i think the import facility in 2.1 is a lot pickier . i am sure it'll import fine if i clean up the vcard file a bit . i have written to sony ericsson and complained as well .
as a last resort you can use bluetooth to send the contacts to the new phone . just select all contacts and send them to the x10 ( pair first ) and then set the x10 to accept all incoming files from the c702 . after all contacts have been sent ( they are separate vcard files ) go to the phone book and press Menu -&gt; More -&gt; Import contacts -&gt; Memory card and select the contacts from your bluetooth folder . have not tested with se phones but worked with nokia-> samsung and samsung-> samsung .
i just succeeded in transferring all my c702 contacts to gmail via the sony ericsson c702 pc suite . my new samsung galaxy s2 was updated with my contacts within a few minutes with no further measures , though i had logged into my gmail account via the samsung phone earlier . i tried bluetooth transfer from the c702 which did not work , although i did not try the x10 transfer route .
i have no prior experience with sony erricsson software , but i think their pc suite solution ( found here ) deals with the syncing of contacts etc .
from reading what you have already tried , this sounds pretty much like a hardware issue failure . you may have : a broken wall charger a broken power plug or torn connection on the device side try replacing the charger or ( in the latter case ) pushing the plug a little ( to see if it then reconnects temporarily ) .
today i was able to load the battery to 100% after the pc was totally crashed due to low voltage . with a charger and a usb 5v/500 ma output ( carrera accessories for a helicopter ) this has worked normally . through the usb connection to another pc , i had reached only 50% . the representation of the charge and discharge in the diagram is now understandable and i can use the pc to normal . when using the main charging port with the same charger , burns the green light on the tablet and the battery will not charge .
the javascript engine in android 's browser/webview can be either javascriptcore ( lower end phones ) or v8 ( higher end phones ) . chrome also uses v8 . both engines are written in c++ . javascript is never compiled to java bytecode , instead it is interpreted and/or jit compiled into arm bytecode . my guess on why v8 on pc is much faster than v8 on android is probably because jit compilation to x86 is more mature than jit compilation to arm .
hmm , difficult problem your only bet is rooting ; and app like droidwall which is front end for iptables . and then you would have to add rule that states block any app that is running in background . that i am not sure how to achieve .
that phone would most likely be tied to verizon , if it is from a contract . you would first need to root and unlock the phone - so that it can be used with other networks - before you can flash cm on it .
i finally figured out how to fix this . i do not know if this is the best way to do this , and if this is unique to just this phone , but here 's what worked for me : rebooted the phone unlocked it at the lock screen that popped up when i came to the activation setup pages , i pulled down the notifications shade " quick settings " > > " all settings " > > home button i am not sure how exactly this worked ( glitch or bug , maybe ? ) , but it did . thanks for all the help !
after exploring a little more , i found this solution : click your device " home " button ; tap " settings" ; tap " sound" ; tap " vibrate" ; select either " never " or " only when not in silent mode " . that is it !
go to your settings on your phone when in your settings go to " sound " , then " silent mode and vibrate " and things will pop up push " silent mode " then push " vibrate " , then " never " then your phone is all the way off ! !
as you have suggested , this is a samsung-only widget . you can easily find equivalents on google play if you want one ; perhaps you will even find something you like better than your old samsung widget .
that is a samsung-specific widget . i would suggest you to install other apps from play store with same functionality . you can give timely alarm clock a try .
turning off your screen via widget is possible ( and several widgets are available for that ) . but turning on the screen cannot work that way , as to access the widget , it must already be turned on . of course you could use a lockscreen permitting widgets ( like c locker pro ) . an alternative is using tasker , and defining a corresponding profile : condition : headphone plugged task : disable keyguard this is the most convenient way , as you only had to turn on/off the screen via the power button . and apart from that , you get yourself a powerful companion for your device – just check the tasker tag-wiki and other questions using the tasker tag : )
further to answer from @pratappatil who has given the android details . this is a convention in programming , specifically here java . the java tutorials package details give details and examples . with programmers worldwide writing classes and interfaces using the java programming language , it is likely that many programmers will use the same name for different types . in fact , the previous example does just that : it defines a rectangle class when there is already a rectangle class in the java . awt package . still , the compiler allows both classes to have the same name if they are in different packages . the fully qualified name of each rectangle class includes the package name . that is , the fully qualified name of the rectangle class in the graphics package is graphics . rectangle , and the fully qualified name of the rectangle class in the java . awt package is java . awt . rectangle . this works well unless two independent programmers use the same name for their packages . what prevents this problem ? convention . naming conventions package names are written in all lower case to avoid conflict with the names of classes or interfaces . companies use their reversed internet domain name to begin their package names—for example , com . example . mypackage for a package named mypackage created by a programmer at example.com. name collisions that occur within a single company need to be handled by convention within that company , perhaps by including the region or the project name after the company name ( for example , com . example . region . mypackage ) . for an alterative angle on this the stackoverflow quesion is around naming a hobby project . the nameing could be something like rossc.android.exampleproject since i do not have a domain of my own .
every android app has access to a file space in the /data partition that is private to the app . this is where the sqlite databases and user settings ( shared preferences ) reside . developer of the app does not have to worry about the naming convention or the location of the files they want to store as far as this private space is concerned . however , when it comes to storing data in sd card ( public space ) by an app the app needs to make sure that the folder created by the app is unique and not used by any other app or by the device user . android os ( androidmanifest ) identifies an app uniquely by their package name . which you can even find the playstore urls . example : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dropbox.android therefore , developers choose to use these package names to create folders to avoid conflict with other apps . this way does not guarantee that there will be no conflict but it prevent it to a large extent . another reason is this : when user moves the the application data to sd card the data from the application 's private space is moved to the public space ( sd card ) . this private space is named in the following way:- example : /data/data/com . dropbox . android . so this is moved to /sdcard/something/com . dropbox . android
so i have finally solved it using the update command ( disable sync ; restart ; update ; restart ; enable sync ) and ot seems to work well . the update command was like : UPDATE Calendars SET sync_events=1, selected=1 WHERE _id &gt; 3  i had tried compiling the android calendar from source , but i was getting sone errors about invalid ndk or sdk version .
knox warranty void : 0x1 you are not able to flash a knox enabled firmware anymore but you can flash other firmware . go to sammobile search your firmware and flash it with odin . you can also find the flashing tutorial form sammobile itself . remember : do not downgrade this will damage you efs folder
get the stock rom which works with root from sammobile.com. make sure that kies is not running . then , flash the rom with odin . or option 2 . unroot using the custom recovery by downloading a completely stock normal rom from sammobile which should get rid of root .
go to download mode . open odin . under the pda , this file . you might have to download philz_touch_6.15.6jflte . tar . md5 . wait until odin recognizes it , and then press start . you will be currently working with a slim kat version of samsung s4 . hope it helped .
go to quarx2k . ru , and select one of the 2nd-boot folders . these work for both mb525 and mb526 . simply download and flash , making sure to wipe the system , data , and cache first . if you want google apps , go to goo . im and select 4.2 or 4.1 , depending on what version works . if you want a really stable version , select 4.0 or 4.1 . 4.2 was not developed on very much , but 4.3 works , i use it daily . it is not completely stable , but certainly usable . 4.4 works , but i really do not recommend it as of yet . hope this helps , message me if you want more information .
have you got the file command available ? this question on superuser says that is the way to go .
we have encountered this problem on a previous project i was on , a big banking application . for added security we made the app to automatically log-out after five minutes of inactivity . we found it disturbing for the user that android os would still show your personal account info in the recent apps overview . this would be visible until you really closed the app , rebooted your android or returned to the app and exited it on a screen without any banking info . after quite some research we found out that android ( since ics , so android 4.0 and up ) is using the internal screenshot feature to capture the screen for use in recent apps . there seemed to be no user option available to prevent this , only the developer of an app can restrict this . you can ask the devs of zdbox to include this feature in their app or options by contacting them at service@zdworks . com just a heads-up : if a dev does this , then the screenshot goes full black . we decided to offer a placeholder image instead , so it does not look bugged to the average user , see bottom app in screenshot below . hope this info is still usefull to you ! : )
you could use audio manager ( actually a app hider ) to lock apps , i have had no issues with it , it closes apps when you navigate out of them ( press home or recents )
simple things the obvious group of settings that needs to be changed ( simply by selecting the appropriate value ) is the interface language , time zone . keyboard one unexpected difficulty is the input method . the factory samsung os ( from another region ) does not include a samsung russian keyboard , nor does it include the standard android keyboard ( which might have a russian keyboard ) . further complication : the standard android keyboard cannot be installed separately ! as a solution , i chose to install anysoftkeyboard ( which is also available on f-droid , which guarantees it is free/open-source , can be rebuilt from sources , and has been inspected by more people for not having spying features ) . then in its settings menu , i chose to download a russian pack . mobile networks and internet for internet to work , one needs to set up an apn ( for example , for megafon , a russian mobile operator , one needs to add a new apn with " internet " as the value for the field " apn " -- the only essential field ; and select it ) . ( regressions ) ( still , as compared to samsung galaxy s sold in russia , this one has much more unstable connection to the mobile network ( loses the connection , i.e. , is offline very often ) . perhaps , this can be solved by upgrading the rom/modem firmware from the present android 2.2 i9000xxjpk ( kernel 2.6.32.9 ) froyo . xxjpk . )
chrome to phone is a great app . it is one of my most used apps . install chrome to phone from app brain or the android market . next install the chrome extension . finally find the directions on google maps and click the chrome to phone button . this will open up either the web page , google maps , or google navigation ( can not remember ) on your device assuming your device is connected to the internet . however , since this is not a phone i suspect you will not have an internet connection while you are driving which could be a problem if you are trying to use google maps/navigation .
you should probably talk to your it department . they would certainly be able to help you , probably faster than you could get help on here too . they may also have some settings that are restricting unauthorized devices from connecting .
i was not able to connect to 802.1x networks when i had 2.1 on my phone . i do not think they were supported . i can connect now that i have 2.2 though .
osmand is the perfect software for this . i just had to download it from market , then download new york maps from the app , and then disable the internet connection from settings . mapdroyd did the same , though , after i checked it out .
google maps 5.0 has an offline mode that will allow you to view maps without an internet connection . google is now caching large areas on android devices based on what areas they frequently search in google maps from their android phone or tablet . this means people living in new york city , for example , will always have local street and area maps content . but if that is not satisfactory , there is always mapdroyd : mapdroyd stores map files locally on your device using our highly compressed and efficient micromap format which is designed and optimized for embedded devices .
take a look at these two transit map apps : nycmate and nyc bus and subway map both include bus maps for each borough which are detailed enough to get you around and incredibly useful if you find you have walked too far and you really want to sit your way back home .
here they say , installing samsung kies should solve the problem . i have not tried it yet , but it is available on samsung 's official website for their various phone models .
dropbox is making it seem more complicated than it really is . unlike on the pc version of dropbox , the files you see in the dropbox app are not actually stored on your tablet . it is just a list of files you could download . when you view the file from dropbox , it downloads it temporarily into dropbox 's private storage area , and then temporarily gives the app you choose access to the file . just click " save to sd card " . that actually downloads the file to your tablet , and saves it permanently in a storage area that other apps have access to . after that , the image will show up in gallery , probably in its own " dropbox " album .
you can use either the way geff_chang suggested or use android service menus in the service menu , it is located at Software info -&gt; Phone info you can always use third party apps as well .
if an installation fails , the downloaded .apk might still be left in /data/local ( where the playstore app downloads it to ) . in that case , a simple boot should clear it up . as your device is rooted , you also could use a file manager to check that location , and manually delete the corresponding file . one more hint : to avoid the " insufficient memory " / " insufficient storage " error ( see : insufficient-memory , hover you mouse over the tag and select the " info " link for more details ) , which also might be responsible for failed installations , you will need at least 25mb free space on " internal storage " / " phone storage " ( that is , this amount should be available when the installation has finished ) .
try to clear your cache using an application like history eraser and to reboot all running applications using an application like fast reboot . this usually solves the problem . hope this helps !
sum-up from the comments : warranty first , at least as of today and outside the eu , it is not possible to install a custom rom or even only root your phone without voiding your warranty . even if it can be done in a way not increasing a ( possibly existing ) " flash-counter": in case your device " bricks " for some reason , not giving you a chance to restore to " stock " , your custumizations would be found in the service center . existing custom-roms as said , here you might want to take a look into the question where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? , which lists a lot of ressources where to find different custom roms . a good choice might be cyanogenmod , which is e.g. dealt with in the xda-developers thread about cyanogenmod for ace plus . to find more details , you can simply use this google search .
in most cases your phone will only draw as much power as it needs , and it is ok that the charger can provide more . however , unless you know that your phone will do this and has other power management safety features , i would not use the charger myself . i have never had a phone ruined , but i have had batteries ruined by non-official chargers ( including one charger that claimed to meet the specifications for my phone ) .
as long as your charger device deliveres the right voltage then you should be safe . the maximum current specification is how much ampare it can deliver before the voltage from your charger goes out of usb voltage specs or blows a fuse . i do not know how they have constructed the htc desire battery chargine part , but i would use your charger . they should have some current limiter for the battery in any case , or you could not charge your phone in an ordinary computer usb connection .
according to amazon 's developer agreement ( see section 2 ( a ) ) a developer receives at least 20% of the price the developer sets for the app , regardless of the price amazon actually sells it for . according to everything i have read , this applies when amazon makes an app free ; it is not a special case . edit : they changed the agreement , adding the sentence " no royalty is payable for apps with a list price of $0.00 . " this may or may not have changed the original meaning of the agreement ; the definition of " list price " ( section 5 ( i ) ) was thought by many , myself included , to mean the original price set by the developer . the wording is not clear and a lot of people obviously misunderstood what was supposed to happen .
i think it is amazon who is paying for those apps . amazon wants users to get used to using their store . the other answer provides better details .
apparently nobody . the developer gets $0 . http://shiftyjelly.wordpress.com/2011/08/02/amazon-app-store-rotten-to-the-core/ via http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/j6neg/amazon_app_store_rotten_to_the_core/
is something like this available somewhere ? not at the moment , although there are a couple vim-style text editor : vim touch avim editor however these are currently implemented as an application , not as an ime . what would it take to develop it ? what places in android must be modified ? is there some easy plugin framework where you just fill in some functions and you provide a new text editing method ? android provides the framework for creating custom keyboard ( officially known as ime ) . anyone that is interested in creating a vim-style ime for android should check out creating input method .
answer to your first question : no specific processes needed . when you connect your sdcard to pc via sdcard reader , you can see a new drive is mounted on you pc . just copy necessary files to pc and similarly copy same files to new sdcard . answer to your first question : yes . your mobile will recognize your new sdcard when you mount it to your mobile .
yes . file short cut app will help you to create short cut for files . it is an app to create a shortcut to open the file . you can choose any files such as images , videos , or pdf . note - you need a separate application that corresponds to the format so you can open the file . for example , pdf files can not be opened without pdf readers such as adobe reader . supports mp3 , mp4 , jpg , png , gif , html , pdf , txt , doc , xls , ppt
a keyboard can do this - that is how a keyboard works , after all . not only that , but for some scripts , what you describe is the most common way to enter text . for example , in japanese , one enters む by typing " mu " ( the latin characters representing the same sound ) . you can not do it with a normal app without rooting . anything else would be a big security flaw .
another thing you need to consider if you have no google account is what to do about your contacts and calendar . since you are not going to synchronize your phone contacts and calendar with google , you need another solution . a good option is to keep your data in outlook on your computer and use akruto sync to synchronize it with your phone . akruto sync runs on your computer , allowing your android phone to connect directly to your computer across the internet , the same way it connects to google , except that you are not sharing your information with anyone . your outlook contacts and calendar are always up-to-date on your phone and they stay private .
most after-market roms ship without google apps by default . take a look at e.g. cyanogenmod , which is available for many devices . so if you can install custom roms , that is one way to go . a different approach would be disabling all google apps , or even remove them ( on a rooted device ) . this might be a little more tricky as you would have to figure out all dependencies yourself .
it need not necessarily be tombstones and thumbnails that takes up your phone 's data storage . normal app usage ( mostly browser cache , etc . ) also consumes space over time . have a look at Settings-&gt;App-&gt;All apps  then via menu let them sort by size to see the biggest storage consumers . e.g. my phone 's biggest consumer is chrome ( 123mb data , 280mb cache ) : .
free up space on the internal sd card folder . with jelly bean the formerly separate sdcard data is also stored on /data ( /data/media to be precise ) . free up some space there , it counts to the overall sum on /data . reason : /data and the external storage partition have been merged to only have one partition and benefit from a single storage scales better . it removes the need to choose a reasonable hard partition size split for /data and /sdcard as before . for compatibility reasons , the /data/media folder is exposed via a virtual fuse layer that emulates the former fat properties and hides the internal structure from apps . android police has an interview why this was done here .
i have managed to get access to the phone with a app called " ssh server " from the play store . it let 's you create the users , and from there when logged on to the server , i can su . i have managed to mount / rw with this access .
i believe this feature is called text reflow and is not an actual a feature of android but more of htc . the htc browser reflows the text as you zoom in . this can get very annoying especially because after reflowing it can move your focus area to the closesr text not what you were zooming into . my personal pick for an alternative browser is dolphin browser™ mini . it has both the functionality you are missing in the stock htc browser but also the speed you expect when loading webpages and launching the browser . dolphin browser™ mini
it looks like you can not turn off this feature . just as an " other-side-of-the-coin " perspective , i find that the reformatting does what i want and expect nearly all of the time , in that when i finish zooming , the text i am looking at fills the screen at the size i have zoomed to . your options seem limited , then , to : trying one of the other browsers available in the market , or lobbying htc to fix their browser , or learning to love the way the htc browser does it . . . edit : this does appear to be an htc feature , not stock android . amusingly , the first site i have noticed where the feature does not work right is htc . com itself , on the very page describing its benefits . . .
i had the same issue with my htc hero . i never got around to fixing it but i remember reading that the router needs to be forced to stay in b/g mode . check this post seems to confirm that idea : http://forum.xda-developers.com/archive/index.php/t-492536.html
considering that e911 requires all cell phones to provide location information to emergency services ( wiki link ) , nearly every cell phone contains a gps receiver for e911 services . given that information , i would expect there to be very few cell phones ( android or otherwise ) that do not have a gps receiver built-in . with it already built in , and the os already having to support it ( since the phone system is simply an android application ) , it would be silly to not let other apps take advantage of it ( if the user prefers ) . one thing to keep in mind : gps location is a user-controlled option in android , so it may very well be disabled .
i am almost positive that all android phones will have a gps receiver in them . cnet reviewed the first droid in 2009 so chances are they will all have gps .
the current android compatibility definition document says : 7.3.3 . gps device implementations should include a gps receiver . if a device implementation does include a gps receiver , it should include some form of " assisted gps " technique to minimize gps lock-on time . so " should " does not mean " must " . [ edited because i messed things up . apps that require gps show up in the market regardless of whether the device supports it or not . ]
you did not explicitely mention it , but from the context i assume you are using a device with android 4.4 ( kitkat ) . with that , google " pimped " the dialer . phonearena writes on this in an article called google makes the dialer awesome again : this is why you want android 4.4 kitkat : i think the best new addition though comes in the changes to caller id , because that has been supercharged with google as well . now , any time you call a number , or receive a call from a number that can be matched to a google maps business record , google will show you that business name , and possibly a picture ( though that part of the feature has been a bit dodgy so far ) , instead of just the phone number . this means far fewer mystery phone numbers in your call history , and if you are like me , it means even more than that . ( emphasis mine ) also see android 4.4 kitkat dialer will add google+ caller id and enhanced search options for a second source , and androidpolice 's google does caller id : kitkat 4.4 matches numbers against google places , and starting in 2014 , google personal accounts for a third . if it is not that , you most likely have a callerid app ( pre- ) installed which does the same : matching numbers of incoming calls against some online database .
the first problem was that fastboot did not connect to my pc . this was solved by changing computer to one with a usb 2.0 . the problem i had with my recovery was solved by flashing the recovery partition again and cleaning the cache ( forget that the first time ) . fastboot flash recovery clockworkrec.img fastboot erase cache  after this i was able to get into recovery mode . i then had a problem where android revolution hd did not install and my htc one m7 was stuck in a bootloop . this was solved by installing twrp instead of cwm recovery , and by changing s-on to s-off . i was then able to install android revolution hd . thanks for the comments and many thanks to " bored_stupid " on xda-developers who solved the installation problem for me .
yes - you can install cyanogenmod for the i9100 s2 . get the cyanogenmod ( nightly if you feel adventurous or stick with the stable since you are new at this ) from http://download.cyanogenmod.org/?device=i9100 also , you will need to flash the appropriate gapps package from http://goo.im/gapps i highly recommend you read through the major posts of this thread on xda also , learn how to use cwm or twrp recovery - youtube has a number of videos . see how its done , before attempting to do it yourself , and of course - please back up your data to the cloud or to your pc / laptop / external sd card before attempting this and if possible , perform a nandroid backup so you can revert back to how things were should the unexpected occur and you need to recover .
use wanam xposed or wanam kit . it is an xposed framework module that will allow you to change everything about the toggles
i have used the astro file manager . you should be able to use this free android market app to locate and manage all the root files . if you deleted this firmware binary file in the sd card , it probably is gone . i have not heard of any undelete app for android .
this xda post provides a multiupload link , where you can download that file .
google play requires android 2.2 or higher . since your phone has 2.1 , it will not run . you will either need to upgrade android ( which may not be possible with your phone ) or sideload any apps you want to install from now on .
you can download from softpedia . before that , however , you will need to make sure you have selected the Unknown Sources for installing applications .
no . roms are always device specific . reasons are proprietary drivers for specific hardware components . for more details , you might wish to follow up to the rom tag-wiki , rom-flashing tag-wiki , and the sites/pages linked from there , e.g. is there an official android “google” rom ?
short answer is : you can not . the feature relies on a service called geocoding , which is done on google 's servers . the only possibility for this to be done locally would be to download the entire map data to the device and use that data to calculate the coordinates from an address . this is a resource and space consuming task ( for example , openstreetmap has a dataset of 370gb ) , and not suitable for mobiles . a workaround would be to save the coordinates themselves as a street address in the form latitude,longitude , e.g. 62.244858,25.758712 in addition to the regular address and use this " address " to show the map . the catch is , you had still have to use a geocoder to resolve the address to coordinates . all address fields are sent to google to be resolved , that is why the workaround i suggested is invalid .
just type it in once , click it , and save it . done . you can also go to settings > language and input > personal dictionary and add your words from there .
no , there is no way to rerender a photosphere . it loses the original data after rendering . even after crashes .
not a full answer ( came here looking for an answer myself ) , but here are a couple of partial solutions i figured out so far , perhaps someone else can improve upon these . first of all , temporary files for the last few photosphere sessions can be found under /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.android.gallery3d/files/panorama_sessions/ . you can extract these out and use an external program such as hugin to stich them . i tried this on a couple of photospheres and though they did not come out great , i have at least something instead of nothing . i kept the files around and looking around for a good guide on using hugin . i was able to trick photo app to reprocess them , but it did not produce desirable result . this is what i did : i connected the phone to my laptop and went into the directory where the session files are ( via adb shell ) . i identified the directory for my previous session while the camera is still connected to the laptop , i started taking a new photosphere , took a couple of snaps identified the directory for the new session copied all files from old session directory to the new session directory ended the photosphere to trigger a processing . the photo app did process the old images , but it does not reread the session.meta and orientations.txt and instead uses the data from the new session ( must be cached in memory ) . the result is that you do not get a full photosphere , unless you complete the photosphere in the new session also , which i do not mind doing in the interest of saving the photosphere , except that i realized i had to capture the new photosphere in exactly the same sequence as before or the resultant image will all be out of place as it would be stiched in the wrong order . ideally , if there is a hidden task in the photo app to invoke the rendering , we should be able to trigger it on the old sessions folder , but i do not know where to begin .
see what can i do to manage my phone&#39 ; s internal storage ? and install the app diskusage . on my phone , it made clear that the system itself takes up 1.2 gb , while this is not shown in the overview ( settings > storage ) . a possible explanation for why you get a message that internal storage is full , is that android always keeps up free space equal to the size of the largest app you installed . so if you install the xyzapp that takes up 100mb , android wants 100mb free disk space in case it needs to update and download the new version . you can try to move as many apps as possible to your external sdcard . that frees up space , and if by accident the biggest app can be moved , android will need less free space . hope this helps ! ( and thanks to izzy ! )
to copy from al 's answer here : if there is an official update to android 2.3 ( check the post on gingerbread updates ) then you will get a notice on your phone ( eventually ) . just follow the instructions . if there is not an official update and you do not want to wait for one , you will need to root your phone and install a custom rom .
to check for phone updates , go into applications > settings > about phone and tap system updates or check for updates . however , if a new update comes out , then you should get a notification informing you so and giving you update instructions . if you root your phone , then you could install unofficial updates that are not from t-mobile . there are instructions at http://forums.androidcentral.com/t-mobile-optimus-t/43138-how-root-lg-optimus-t.html if you want to do so .
i had the same problem , it is a bug that appears occasionally when you change your google account password , or when you switch to the two step verification . some apps that are using your google account can not synchronize the new password and this error appears . in my case , the guilty was the app " my tracks " ( from google ) ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.maps.mytrackshl=en ) . going to " settings > apps > my tracks " , claning data and cache and relaunching the app solved the problem . if you do not have " my tracks " app installed then try this : go to " settings > accounts > your google account " . start unchecking one of the options and select " sync now " ( in the menu ) . continue unchecking the rest of the options one by one and doing " sync now " until the synchronizing error stops appearing . at this time , go to " settings > apps " , search for the last app you unchecked , clear its data and cache and relaunch it ( the app may ask for permission , you have to allow it ) . then return to " settings > accounts > your google account " and check all the options and do " sync now " . if the error continue appearing it means that another app is failing , so repeat the operation to detect and correct it .
the errno global variable concept is not bluetooth specific but comes from the ( posix ) system calls used by BluetoothSocket.cpp . your log shows that the system call accept() failed , because it returned -1 ( negative values usually indicate an error ) . additionally accept() also set the errno to 125 . if you look at the related definition in the linux sources , you find that it maps to ecanceled : #define ECANCELED 125 /* Operation Canceled */  see also wikipedia on errno . h posix errno . h
that is possible . just create a filter where mails from the adress xyz immediately will be deleted . as soon as you want to receive the mails again just delete the filter . ( when you create a filter in the gmail web interface the filters take effect everywhere ; on your galaxy , too . )
i have a samsung charge , and was able to disable the annoying " battery full " notification by using tasker . as others have stated , the tasker solution i used is not specific to disabling only the batteryfull notification when reached , but it does limit the amount of time notifications are disabled and when . what i did with tasker : contexts-power , time between 11p-6a , battery between 99-100% . . . task - disable notification contexts - power , time between 11p-6a , battery full . . . task - enable notification . this should limit the amount of time notifications are disabled to only a few minutes , since it only takes that long to charge the battery from 99 to 100% .
since updating my sgs from 2.2 to 2.3 , i no longer get the charged notification sound , so i am assuming they fixed the issue .
try sound manager . schedule volumes of types of sounds with it ( 6 categories ) . switch off notification ( battery full , e-mail notification etc . ) volume from 12 to 7 while leaving untouched ring and media volumes and you are all set . works on my brandnew samsung galaxy s2 . slept well last night without a disturbance ! i used to swich to buzz only before going to sleep and to remember to switch it back to ring in the morning . sleep well !
you could use ' gravitybox ' ( xposed module ) that has an option for exactly that ! ( under power tweaks-> battery charge sound tick ) for information on how to install it , view a similar post here
set the global notifications to silent . set the notification on messaging to any ringtone ( not default ) . repeat ( 2 ) for any other app you want notifications for . you will still have a tone when you 1st plug the phone in to the charger , but no tone when it is fully charged . of course , this is not a perfect solution since you need to manually set every other app , and presumably some will not have individual notification settings .
from what i can find , there is no way to turn it off : no solution in the samsung galaxy s forum no solution in the vodafone forum tasker can not suppress it however , one commenter notes
i stumbled upon this question because i want to recharge my phone at night next to my bed . therefore , i do not want it to wake me , but setting the phone to silent does not solve it , as i want to be reachable for emergency calls . my solution ( which is not strictly a correct answer to the question , but might solve the problem for most people ) was using the app " night ringer free " , which enables me to enter a whitelist for calls/sms , however , all other sounds are silenced .
from the xda developers forum , i have implemented this solution successfully on my samsung galaxy s epic 4g ( with gingerbread . ei22 and also gingerbread . el30 ) , which has eliminated the " battery fully charged . unplug charger " notifications from my phone . the solution offers the following three features : stops the vibration . silences the sound . prevents the screen from turning on in the middle of the night . best of all , you may choose to implement any ( or all ) of the three features above . good luck !
i know it is not perfect but i use an app called " nightstand bold " and click the " mute notifications " . i use this as my clock when i sleep . this does also silence sms but i do not mind generally . it will not silence alarms though . anyway i hope this helps .
i do not want to steal from @martin sherburn , but this app that he recommended in a comment does the trick for me . it does not keep the screen from lighting up , but it does silence the notification .
i found something in these forums that involves rooting your phone to accomplish this task . keep in mind this is specifically for the droid charge . however , you may be able to apply it your phone . the basic principle involves rooting your phone and changing some system sound files with root explorer . there was another answer that involved rooting your phone and installing a custom rom , but i would wager that this is possible without the custom rom . installing the custom rom is the much more difficult step in my opinion ( although i have personally done it ) .
is your nexus 4 100% stock ? ( i.e. . no xposed module changes , or low-level tweaks like status bar mods and dpi changes ) . verification will fail if the system files on your device do not match factory/the expected ones . i had this happen to me several times with both my n4 and n5 . reverting the changes i made ( thankfully , they were not too many ) fixed it .
you can use the nexus factory images to upgrade your phone to android 4.4 ( now 4.4.2 ) . to do this have a look at this question .
usually this space is taken up by various things that come with the device , like resources for the os , built-in apps , and just disk information . even formatting an 8 gb sd card will only get you 7.49 gb . that same logic would leave you with 30 gb , the rest is most likely the os , and various system resources .
the 32gb are in 1000byte = 1kb logic , and the 25gb should be in binary logic , so 1024byte = 1kb . which gives at first a " loss " of about 2gb : 32gb = 29,8023gib the rest of the space is mostly the android system , reserved space for cache etc . . . one small part will be the journal of the ext file sytstem which is used instead of yaffs . so arround 200-400mb i think will be covered by the ext journal . you have the same problem with harddisks too . the firms write it in decimal logic but the operating system does it in binary . some operating systems nowadays also write the correct gib or mib or kib but not all . . .
there are several interesting browser shortcuts available : ( source : android browser keyboard shortcuts )
if by " downloads available " you mean a os upgrade , that is because those are not official releases , and since kies is an official samsung application they do not provide unofficial releases . currently , the last official release for the samsung galaxy s is android 2.2 froyo . if you are referring to " official releases " and your os is &lt ; 2.2 , then you can have some variant system , for which there is no firmware upgrade , or you can have some problems with a not-up-to-date kies version . also , check this thread out !
because the updates that kies offers you depend from whom and where you bought your phone . if you bought the phone in a shop , you purchased normally a country or region specific version . these versions get the update from samsung one by one . for the galaxy s you can lookup the release status here . if you purchased your phone together with an carrier contract , chances are that you have an branded firmware . then it is the carrier decision when to release an update . you normally also get a reduced set of functionality on branded firmware , like disabled tethering . the firmware images that you find on the net are mostly leaked pre-version of the upcoming update .
i have found the problem . both the router and the phone was working correctly . the problem is with the wifi channels . according to wikipedia 's list of wlan channels , some places only allow channels 1-11 , some others 1-13 . devices will provide support accordingly . my router supports channels 1-13 , while the phone ( i guess ) supports channels 1-11 . so when the router uses channels 12 or 13 , the phone cannot detect the network ! solution ? buy another router which only support channels 1-11 . logon to your routers config through your browser to find whether the router supports limiting the channels . refer to your routers user manual on how to do this change the channel settings on the router to be manual ( i.e. not automatic ) , and somewhere in the range 1-11 ( preferably 1 or 6 or 11 ) .
if you are using the in-built ( stock ) messaging app , see if there is an option in the settings similar to what you have described . by default , only contacts with mobile numbers should be shown . alternative messaging apps like gosms and handcent also have an option to restrict contacts with mobile numbers . in gosms , it is in the sending section of the settings .
i had similar problems . finally i just decided to unlink all my contacts from both gmail and facebook and whatever else , android want 's to sync contacts with . basically turn off any contact sync you may find on the phone . then backup and clean out or delete the entire address book . ( do the same with " new " phone contacts in gmail , which usually gets doubled . ) here is a long guide how to manually backing up all your contacts and emails to a csv file , and how to import them again . you can then use the same csv file to import your contacts into gmail afterwards . " about contacts import/export , backup/restore and data/sync " hope this helps .
the author of an app can set a flag in its manifest ( the package description ) to say whether it can be moved to external storage or not . if you try to install a package to external storage , and its manifest says it cannot be installed there , you get the error code you describe . google 's developer documentation provides a list of kinds of apps which should set the flag to prevent themselves being installed to external storage , because of undesirable side-effects if the external storage is removed .
open gmail , and open its Settings . click your username@gmail.com , and make sure Notifications is checked . then , click Inbox sound &amp; vibrate and click Turn Gmail sync on . configure the Notifications at the bottom as you like . in Settings , make sure Sync Gmail is also checked . with regards to gmail sync frequency , see this question : how to set gmail sync frequency ?
no idea why it is doing it , but you could stop it by changing the permissions on the host file to read-only . to set a file to read-only , log in as root via adb ( or use the terminal application and log in as root ) and then enter : chmod 444 &lt;path-to-hosts-file&gt; if you need to edit it again later on , enter : chmod 644 &lt;path-to-hosts-file&gt;
from within the stock android environment , you can at least force contacts to the voicemail . it is not possible to block sms directly , at least not without root ( to my knowledge ) . i have a nexus 4 , so your options might differ from what i have . if you go in the people app , you will be able to find your spam contact . in the top-right corner , you will have the ⋮ button ( or the menu button on the device ) . there will be an option " all calls to voicemail " . if you check this , all numbers within that contact will be sent to your voicemail and will not vibrate/alert you .
it looks like you are calling the application by the wrong name . it is adb not abd . the message you posted from the console is when the file ( or command ) does not exist in the current directory ( or in the environment path ) it stands for android debug bridge .
you might need to reboot after changing the system 's path variables . in any case , if you navigate to the directory where adb is installed before issuing commands , you will not need to modify anything . cd C:\AndroidSDK\platform-tools adb devices  this should work , assuming you installed the sdk to c:\androidsdk directory .
you can tap the ' labels ' button in gmail 's action bar . from there you can navigate to all labels you have in gmail , including ' sent ' and ' draft ' .
assuming your brother 's phone is not encrypted , just unlock it and rest is obvious . .
this is an old question and my answer may be of little help . since you know your brother 's number , just call . then answer the phone your self and viola ! it is unlocked . access the contacts from there . i have always wondered why this security hole is overlooked .
i had the same problem trying to get contacts off my broken galaxy s3 , and the solution was a program called " my phone explorer " from http://www.fjsoft.at/en/ i had tried everything , but could not find a solution that worked for retrieving contacts and sms messages .
i do not get any refund on my credit card statement . nor do i get a debit to begin with for the initial purchase . the payment is probably held for the fifteen minute refund window . chances are the actual payment run from google to the financial institution is done in a batch or a few batches throughout the day . the specifics of the transaction run is down to google and their bank ( s ) . i would imagine they send the debit leg of it after the fifteen minutes from your account and credit an internal suspense account and then send out the batch during the day as i said . that is only a rough guess but i have worked in software testing similar payments in financial institutions for a long time . it may vary in different countries , i am in ireland but i would like to see how it works in other regions . if , hypothetically you did see a refund for any purchase like this you would see a debit for the purchase and a corresponding credit to your account for the refund with some reference to the app , music or whatever you have purchased .
go to your phone dialer and enter these codes ( they work in my samsung galaxy nexus , jelly bean 4.2.1 ) : ' testing ' menu : *#*#4636#*#* ( the same as *#*#INFO#*#* ) imei number : *#06# additionaly check out the page secret codes for android , full of codes ( some of them did not work in my phone ) and screenshots note : please be extremely careful with the options , because they are not intended to be messing with them .
as the how has already been explained , you might want to have the what as well : there are several lists on the internet ( just google for " secret codes" ) with many of those codes . not all of them work on all phones ( some are device or manufacturer specific ) , but many are common to all android devices ( and some times even to all smartphones ) . i will not list all of them here , but a few more important to be known include . . . use at your own risk -- some options might prove dangerous ( e . g . the factory format ) -- especially if you do not know what they are supposed to mean , think twice or better avoid the option .
well , there is a menu available for handsets running android os . to get the menu , go to your stock phone app and type the following . **#*#7378423#*#* it is simply *#*#SERVICE#*#* there are many things you can do in this menu . view service information check service settings carryout service tests reset customization settings some of these items may differ from handset to handset . these are the typical menu items available . this menu comes handy when checking the total call timer ( in service tests ) , rooting status check ( in Service info -&gt; Configuration ) , etc .
there is an application you can download for rooted devices called adaway . it is not in the market , but if you do not have a problem with installing third party apks , this is a complete advertisement blocker for both in-app and browser . https://f-droid.org/repository/browse/?fdid=org.adaway
you can use popup blocker " ad block " in chrome or " abp- adblock plus " for firefox .
some browsers , like google 's chrome , have built in pop up blockers . now , if you surf around and you get a auto pop up like this , a message will show on the bottom of the screen asking if you would like to display it . this would greatly reduce the mobogenie you are seeing . also , chrome is a pretty sweet browser with many other features . if you do not like it , firefox and dolphin have--to my knowledge--built in pop up blockers .
if you are sure it is by google , you can find it in the list of google inc 's apps on google play . you can search for apps by any given developer the same way .
google inc . motorola mobility llc . nianticlabs@google ingress , fieldtrip waze waze nik software , inc . snapseed nest labs , inc . nest ( learning thermostat ) bitspin ( formerly team tasks ) timely , tasks bump technologies , inc bump virustotal virustotal android texttospeech listing these separately as they seem to be created within google , but were possibly personal projects/ 20% time projects , and are now retired and only accessible if you have previously installed one of the apps : google places directory team places directory google inc . android apps my maps editor by google
tried this answer , but it did not solve the problem . so i called google play support - they did have me clear data from the play store app , but also told me to remove my google account from the accounts section in settings and add it back . then they got me to clear the data again from ' download manager ' and ' google play store ' in the apps section and everything worked perfectly after that .
in my case , what turned out to work in the end was to make an actual purchase . in google wallet , i had updated all my information , as well as added a new card with my new address attached to it and set it as default . this in itself however did not seem to be enough . later though , i read an article recommending us to actually purchase an app through google play using the new card - you will need to wait for 15 minutes to complete the payment since that is the time you are allowed to require a complete refund . finally , i closed the play store and completely reset the google play store application ( i.e. . go to settings > apps > google play store , and click on force close , then clear data , and clear cache ) . after that i could access things in play that were only available to my new credit card 's country , which previously i could not see due to regional restrictions . hope it helps you guys !
i was having problems switching to the us store from outside the us , even clearing caches etc . i downloaded hotspot shield and enabled it , removed the sim card from the phone , removed the app data for the play store and download manager and it worked !
i have contacted google and this is their response : thanks for contacting us about country support for google play . we use the billing address of your default payment instrument in google wallet to help determine your home country for accessing the play store . our collection of content can vary by country , so your view of the play store may differ from what others are seeing when you travel outside of the country listed on your default payment method 's billing address . please note that you must have a valid payment method with a billing address located inside a country in order to access that country 's play store . if you are having issues viewing your intended country 's play store and would like to change your default payment method or update an existing billing address in google wallet , please use the following steps : 1 ) sign into your google wallet account to manage your payment methods https://wallet.google.com/manage/paymentmethods 2 ) add a new card or change your default payment instrument to one with a billing address located inside your desired country 3 ) open the play store and navigate to any item available for download 4 ) click to begin a download until you reach the " accept and buy " screen ( no need to complete the purchase ) 5 ) close the play store and clear data for the google play store application ( settings > apps > google play store > clear data ) or clear your browser cache 6 ) re-open the play store . you should now see the play store that matches your default payment instrument 's billing country . if you have not yet added a payment method to your account for the first time , please add a card directly from the play store with a billing address that matches your intended country location . then , follow steps 3 through 6 to show your intended country 's play store . if you believe that you are experiencing a different location-related issue , please first verify if the country of your primary payment method matches your intended country . if the countries match , please provide any screenshots and additional details that might help me resolve your issue . we appreciate your feedback as we continue bringing more content to google play . thank you for reaching out !
it should work if you change it from your google account , which for whatever reason is not the same as a g+ account . if you have gmail , i found the setting under settings > accounts and import > other google account settings right now the page looks a little small but hopefully that is just my browser playing tricks on me again
moved from the uk to australia and required the banking apps . i had the same problem and tried various things . what worked for me on a samsung galaxy s3: log into gmail on your pc and change the billing address to the new address ( in my case australian address ) . on the phone , go to settings , scroll down to accounts and select google . select the account which the phone has been synced with and select remove account at the bottom . once account has been removed go back to settings main screen , select apps , select google play store , tap force stop , confirm , then tap clear data and tap clear cache . go back to settings and select accounts . add account by selecting google . once google account has been added and setup on the phone go back to the main screen and open up playstore . play store is now displaying all paid apps in $$$ not in £££ and i am able to download the app successfully .
that is terrible ! drains to 50% only in stanby ! maybe the apps are not really shut off . you can use the free apps - juicedefender to save your power . packed with smart functions , it automatically and transparently manages the most battery draining components , like 3g/4g connectivity and wifi . or you may need to have a external battery to backup . this one sugegsted : small and portable design , powerful and giant inside . will be helpful !
xda recogined contributer bala_gamer has explained and fixed this issue . check this xda-developers thread and this news item . it would seem that the issue comes from an error in framework-res . apk . xda recognized contributor bala_gamer explains that the power drain value setting for cell standby is erroneouslyset to 34 ma ( practically impossible ) instead of a more reasonable value of 3.4 ma in power_profile . xml within framework-res . apk . he then put together a corrected power_profile . xml , and provided a quick step-by-step guide to pushing the change . those not excited about messing directly with framework-res . apk can thank senior member ausdim for providing a recovery-flashable update . zip . do not forget to read the warning and faq if any .
not really . android treats the ram like a big cache of apps that have run recently . it does not remove things from ram just to make free space , because free ram does not provide any benefit : it just makes it more likely that android would have to use more power loading the same app from storage again next time you want it . android only removes processes from ram when the foreground app needs more ram . when you think of it this way , you will see that nothing usefully reduces your ram usage , because android will keep all the ram full anyway . disabling applications has two uses : it removes the app from the app drawer , so you do not have to see it ( and maybe click it by accident ) . it stops the app running down the battery by running in the background , maybe stopping the device going to sleep .
while basically agreeing with dan , it depends on the app you disable . some of the pre-installed bloatware runs services in the background , which are quite unlikely to be killed by the oom ( out of memory ) " manager " . so disabling such an app , other apps can benefit from it : memory no longer consumed by the disabled app is available to other processes , and their likelyness to be killed due to " memory shortness " is reduced . whether you really feel a difference is depending on how much ram your device is equipped with : on devices with a small amount of memory it " counts more " , with 2 gb and more ram to command you might not notice ( except for the battery effect dan already described ) .
there is no such feature on android natively . however , there are quite a few " automation " type apps that can do this for you . some of the better known ones are tasker , automateit , locale and llama . all of these allow you to define a trigger ( e . g . " charger plugged in " in your case ) and set up various actions such as toggling settings . keep in mind that most of these apps require excessive permissions in order to be able to change system settings ( and some toggles even require root . ) also , some manufacturer ui overlays and custom roms allow you to set up profiles with different settings . switching these profiles is either a manual process , or does not provide such granularity in configuration as the automation apps .
i have fiddled around and found that altering the decode mode from hw to sw or system player in bsplayer fixes the issue ! this also works for mxplayer too . this results in the correct video ratio although it is not full width on a 1080p tv ( just like my desktop ) it is at least not stretched . i still do not get why google play movies can play its native videos full width on my tv .
the option to choose a certificate is available with enterprise encryption ( 802.1x ) . judging by your comment , your android thinks it is using a different encryption method than it should , so have you attempted manually adding the network , and specifying the encryption type ? please bear in mind that not all wifi cards and devices support that encryption method .
try proxydroid from the play store . it might solve your problem .
after some searching and trial and error , i could run replay . exe from reran , without rooting my device . for some reason i could not copy and exectute replay . exe to/from /data/local as the original article suggests , but i could do it to/from /data/local/tmp . i tested it on 3 devices . htc-one mobile , google nexus 7 tab , samsung galaxy tab 10 . here are details . i had to enable developer option and enable usb debugging install usb driver for android on my windows 7 once i see the device in adb run following commands . \adb . exe push replay . exe /data/local/tmp/ to copy the binary . \adb . exe shell /data/local/tmp/replay . exe to run the binary now one thing i cannot understand but why does it run when copied to /data/local/tmp ? is it a security hole or debugging aid ? or writing to /dev/input/event* really do not need root access ?
assuming this is google books , this behavior should not carry on past these few books . alice 's adventures in wonderland , great expectations , and pride and prejudice are downloaded by default , to give a feel for the program and some reading examples . no additional books will be downloaded without your telling the application to do so .
haha i too just had the annoying google downloading books taking up space on my droid , here 's how you delete them , to delete a book in your collection of books ( including these automatically downloaded books ) , select the menu icon located alongside any book in your collection then select delete from library ( problem solved ! hahaha ! google we do not want these books forced upon us ! ) . i found this info here : https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/2851658?hl=en-gb
ok just found it . in wifi settings press and hold the connected network you want to set ip to . pick modify network and in there you scroll down , to dhcp settings and pick static and scroll down to et your ip . kinda complicated comparing to non sense android . o well . hope that helps op or any other fellow searcher .
you probably do not have htc sense ( you are using other rom ) . hence you do not have those settings . i use hox with sense as well as op myself , and i do not see any options there to set a static ip . htc seems to have disregarded those settings . ( ics 4.0.4 )
in my htc desire i find it under : settings-> wireless and networks -> wifi settings press menu and select advanced here i can see option to use static ip by selecting " use static ip "
i solved my issue using a 2a charger instead of my phone 1a charger or the usb port that provides only 0.5a . i am sure i have been able to charge my nexus with all the power sources , but maybe i left it on charge all night long .
try calibrating ( completely discharge battery ) , by playing games or watching videos . once battery dries try switching your nexus on untill your device refuses to do so . the charge it from a wall charger . see if it works . i have a motorola mb855 , i generally claibrate 5-10 times in a month . that keeps its backup and life healthy .
i am using a 7" galaxy tab ( shw-180s ) and this same thing happened with me a few days ago . this is how i solved it : remove the battery from the device charge your battery from another electric source ( i do not remember the device name but most mobile repair shops have them ) you can also try a hard reset . changing your charger may also help if it is not providing enough power to charge nexus 7 .
the answers to how do i copy pictures onto a folder on the home screen ? provide a couple methods of creating shortcuts ( it requires another file manager ) . as well , the root explorer file manager allows you to set the default path when it opens ; you could set it to the path of this folder , so you would not need to browse to it .
the likeliest culprit for your high latency is first and foremost the fact that you are using a wireless carrier 's network , which are notorious for their high ping times . switching from one carrier to another probably would not solve your problem , and even if you went from a 3g contract to 4g you probably would not see that much of an improvement , especially as more and more people start buying 4g capable devices . additionally trying to do something as data-intensive as play world of warcraft over your cell carrier 's network is never going to feel right . games like that rely heavily on low response times and are best left for wired broadband connections .
you should just be able to add the port to the end of the domain as you would with a desktop browser , e.g. http://mysite.com:8888 . chrome and the built-in browser app definitely support this as i use them in this fashion on a daily basis ; i would imagine other browsers would as well since the syntax is defined in the rfc specification .
although i still hope that someone else gives me a easier and quicker solution , i have found the following procedure to be a fairly quick method to accomplish what i wanted ( someone else will certainly have another idea regarding this , i am sure ) : i send the contact information using the Send via gmail to my own gmail account , press Download in the received email and choose Contacts and Phone ) . since all information is present in the . vcf file attached to the mail , i can now easily create/duplicate a new contact without having to enter the name and phone number again .
for the part of your question where you say you have not yet found how to copy all contacts from sim to memory : on my galaxy s , if i go into contacts , press menu , select import/export i get the option import from sim card . it sounds like that is what you are after ?
this app looks like it claims to do so ; whether it works is a different question . you might want to buy it and try it quickly , and if it does not work then refund it before the 15 minute trial time is over . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.happydroid.c2spro
i do not know what avast is doing there ( i do not use any antivirus app , as i see no benefit from it ) . but as to the second part of your question : you should not really need to explicitly close an app , as android normally does a good job taking care itself . for details , please see the process lifecycle description as described on the android developers page -- for a short look , see this graphical description : image taken from bottomlessinc blog you can see three arrows going from the " paused " state : directly to " destroyed " ( explicitly " closed " the app ) , or via " stopped " -- and back to " running " . in simple words : when you " leave " the app in the background and afterwards return to it , it goes back to " running " . if you do not return , and the system decides it is no longer needed . " destroyed " you can take as " ended and cleared from memory " , " paused " as a kind of " stand-by for immediate access " , and " stopped " like " ready to be cleaned up " . again , this is a very simplified explanation . if you need more details , the " big keyword " for this is " oom killer " ( oom = out of memory ) , which is the part of the system taking care you will not run out of ressources . see e.g. this blog article for more details .
$ su # cd (location in which you have the apk file) # pm install fifa14.apk (or whatever the apk name) 
performing a factory reset on an android device does not remove os upgrades , it simply removes all user data . this includes the following : apps downloaded from google play store , or otherwise side-loaded onto the device ( even if you moved them to external storage . ) preferences and data for all apps , downloaded or pre-loaded on the device . this includes call/sms/mms logs , contacts , save games , etc . personalized system settings ( e . g . saved wi-fi networks and passwords , etc . ) any google accounts you have added , along with saved credentials . the factory restore does not touch the following : contents of " external " storage ( micro-sd card , or for devices without it a part of internal memory that is set aside for this purpose ) such as web downloads , photos and videos you have taken with the device , music you have copied over from your pc , documents , and other media . exception is the apps that were moved to " external " storage . core components such as system apps* ( along with apps pre-loaded by your carrier and/or manufacturer into the system partition , ) android kernel , and bootloader . these core components are what defines the operating system version . network unlock status . * keep in mind that if you have updated any system apps via play store , those updates will be lost , and the apps will revert to the version that ships with the os .
yes , you will lose your updates , along with any other installed app that did not come with stock . but you will be able to re-update the apps via google play , and you will not lose any purchases you made ( they are stored forever on the google cloud ) . i am not sure why you are concerned about it , though . i can understand not wanting to lose your settings and data , but the only downside to losing app updates is the time and bandwidth required to re-update them afterwards . edit : you are probably asking about os updates . your phone does not keep an original os image . thus , once you update your os ( either by ota updates or by installing a custom rom ) , you will not be able to revert to the older android version . doing a factory reset should just reset the phone to a clean slate of the current android version .
i solved the error . instead of selecting pictures from a folder , use the album , and the picture folder will be listed as an album . deselect all the other albums , and pictures should show up .
i got similar problem with any android based on 4.4 with my i9305 , any system got stuck on boot animation , tried mokee , omni , cyanogen and few other roms plus stock jb ( however this one was bootable just by factory reset after installation ) , with the same result ; finally i was able to go further after format /firmware folder in cwm 6.0.4.7 or any other suitable recovery , actually i formatted everything excluding folders wiped by factory reset . do not forget wipe dalvik cache i think this can apply for any sg3 or other new phones from samsung
i replaced the power button , and it solved the problem .
i had the same bootloop problem on t999 uvdlja . i tried about 100 solutions , including flashing every possible rom known and unknown . finally , the solution was very simple : odin cwm flash rom + gapps wipe cache , data , dalvik cache install rom install gapps ( this is the part which i would always skip for later - big mistake as gapps missing caused the boot loop ) restart , et voila ! ! ! !
i had same problem with logo loop . . i somehow screwed my efs folder , but do not actually know how . . . anyway i tried like 150 different thinks to fix it that i googled out but non of it worked for me . . finaly i download orignal stock rom but the old one with 4.0.4 android . flashed via odin and only then get rid of logo loop and phone turned on normally ( it took allmost 5 mins . . ) then i restored my efs folder . than rooted the phone , installed cwm and made nandroid restore of my original rom . . not sure if this help , but saved my ass : ) wish you good luck
try removing the power button . i had the same problem and saw on a youtube video that changing the power button was a good solution . as i could not find a spare power button on , i just decided to remove it and it actually worked ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pq-u-q_ndoo
install any cwm recovery on the device , and it will work .
i tried everything but do not have a bootloop , just stuck on samsung logo . this was the last thing i tried . and the only thing that worked . i even had to take the battery out when it was done after another logo stuck . http://forums.androidcentral.com/ambassador-guides-tips-how-tos/300296-guide-samsung-how-flash-stock-rom-via-odin.html
it could be the power button is stuck or dirty . you will need to open the phone and clean the power button . if you don feel comfortable doing this take it to you carrier . i had the same issue and this was my fix .
in addition to nanne 's answer , i believe android also defaults to using wifi when both connections are enabled . so if you have a wifi network saved , your phone will use it when you return so you do not need to keep checking . ( this assumes wifi is enabled and there are no network problems , of course ) . you can also shut off data use by going to Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Mobile networks and un-checking use packet data or similar .
you could just check the logo on the top bar ? on the right you have time , battery , signal and either g/3g/h or the wifi logo . this image ( random googled ) shows the tab with the wifi logo while this rather bad ( also random google ) image shows it with 3g
nanne is correct : your status bar should show you any network connections . if you really want to ensure that you are conserving your 3g bits , install apndroid and keep data disabled except when you really need it . apndroid gives you a nice screen widget . you might also find this question on tracking data usage helpful .
i also agree with nanne but will two suggest two other ways of monitoring your data connection . . . you can add the power control widget to the home screen . it comes stock with android and it will lets you easily toggle the wifi among other things . when wifi is on , 3g will be off and you will have a visual representation right there . there are 3rd party version of this widget that actually let you toggle the 3g connection specifically . if you have a limited data plan as you do , beside just being diligent about monitoring your data connection , you can automate the monitoring process with something like phoneusage pro . this app allows you to set daily , weekly or monthly limits for data usage and it will notify you when you hit those limits . since theres sometimes a lag in registering data you could set up a notification to let you know when you have used 750 mb of 3g data in a month and then you will know it is time to start using wifi more frequently .
configurations for most devices , you can only modify the volume of the earpiece , bluetooth , media volume or call volume if you are currently using that feature . so , the best is to use your device " menu " button when you are using the bluetooth earpiece and check if said option exists . alternativly , use the volume up/down from your device while with the bluetooth earpiece in use to try and control its volume . one user at droidxforums mentioned a working solution for him : turn off the bluetooth on the droid x . place a phone call like normal . adjust the call volume to the max and then hang up . turn the bluetooth on the droid x back on and activate your voice command . it will work . you can adjust volume up or down in that fashion . apps if to no avail , currently , there are a few apps available from google play store to deal with issues like this : recommended for custom rom : volume+ free and the donate version volume+ ( volume boost ) gives great results in controlling volume settings separably for each sound output available . recommended for stock rom bluetooth volume worked as promised to control the bluetooth sound output , ideal for boosting in call volume . this are the ones i have used with excellent results , you can find others at google play store .
you should get the option to add them unsynced . like this :
as far as i know , contacts are always filed under some account . presumably the design intent is that contacts are usually stored somewhere else , in some reliable storage , in case you lose the data on your phone . i am not in a position to try this myself , but here 's a possible way to get an “unsynced” account : install the free “ the missing sync for android ” app . this app is intended to sync contacts directly with your desktop , and the desktop half is a paid app , but the phone side can be installed for free , and if you never sync it the data will stay on your phone . the missing sync app will generate an account on your phone called “missingsync” ( which will be labeled “unsynced” even though it actually is synced via the missing sync app ) , which you can add contacts under .
a cheaper option is soundwire " free version - market link " the free version will speak every 45 mins ( just a nag ) the paid version is under usd 4 , link to it inside the same market link . logically try the free version first . sadly its pc only , not sure why as as far as i can see its a lite vnc app , sending only the audio and not keystrokes or anything else . honestly i find it extremely surprising that no one has made a bluetooth headset , or similar profile for a phone . it would be very useful also for htpcs as a kind of cheap ( but very good quality ) wireless headphones .
one way to do this is to use airfoil speakers for android , which is free , but requires a server component ( airfoil ) to be installed on your pc . the free version plays audio fine for 10 minutes and then overlays noise . the license key is $25 .
found it ! the culprit is this app : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vladlee.easyblacklist calls blacklist listen to this : if you add any number to the blacklist of this app , and uninstall this app after that , the number will be kept hidden and block . i.e. there is no way you can unblock the number , you can only do this by installing this app again , and removing all phone numbers , and then uninstalling the app . to be of more general use -- if something similar will happen to you , go to google play website , check the history of installed apps ( which blocks calls ) . install all of them back , and then check their blacklists . clear the blacklists , and then , with clear list , uninstall them . it should do the trick ( hopefully ) .
well out of my own curiosity , i made this to start : https://github.com/dieseltravis/androidbuildinfo here it is running on my moto flipside :
i also wrote an app in response to this question . it is free in the market . let me know what you think . if you want more information , please let me know and i will add what i can . it is called " android information text " .
poweramp is an open source app , which may serve as a good starting point for developing your own app . the code can be found here .
headset button controller is an excellent app in market which will do all these functions . . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.kober.headsetbuttonfeature=more_from_developer
the sms system itself does not support read or delivery confirmation past delivery to the network . iow your phone is notified when the message is received by the network with a recognised recipient , but nothing more . if your application is like the one on my phone , the mark indicates unread responses to a message you sent ( or unread incoming messages in general ) , not that a message you sent has been read by its recipient .
in the stock app for short messages , there is a way to get the informations you want to have : just longtap on the message and then choose " details " in the pop up . if your manufacturer put another app for text messaging in replace for the android stock app , please tell us the name of it .
as soon as the check mark is appeared on the message text body , it means it delivered the message . if you want a confirmation then you can use mysms sms app . this could deliver the status message . if you want to track the time when the sms delivered then try sms scheduler . it keeps track of all your previous messages also .
there is no need to organize your files in any other theme . android is indexing the media file and since api 1.0 player should query the media store which is using this index .
some of the slowness may be due to the speed of your storage media . if it is built in storage than there is not much you can do ( apart from what matthew read suggested ) if it is an sd card , maybe check that it is not a class 2 or something . perhaps try and get a class 10 to speed things up . beyond those changes it is down to the device cpu speed
one method is to put a file called .noMedia in the root of every folder that you do not want to be scanned . it will not improve the scanning of actual media , but it will prevent wasted time searching elsewhere ( or indexing things that you do not want indexed , such as app assets ) .
yes , it is possible . need a file manager w/root first , you need a file manager that has root access . personally i use es file explorer . within es file explorer , you will need to enable root access ( it is under the tools part on the left menu ) . all users will need to have signed in all users must have had to signin at least once to create their partitions . else , you will not see them . browse the exact location is : /storage/emulated/* # Android &lt;= 4.4.3 /mnt/shell/emulated/* # Android &gt;= 4.4.4 (actually, it may be 4.4.3 too)  where * is the userid . i am not sure how to get the user id , but on my tablets with 3 users it shows up as : /mnt/shell/emulated/0 # owner account /mnt/shell/emulated/10 # first user I created /mnt/shell/emulated/11 # second user I created  from what i gather for userids , it goes in order that i created the users . 0 = the first original owner account . then each account goes up from there ( 10 , 11 , 12 , etc ) . note : if your file manager does not have root permissions ( meaning the app itself must request root access ) , then when you enter one of the directories above , they will be blank . this is telling you that your file manager does not have root access - you need a file manager that knows how to request root access .
you can use the root explorer to change the keyboard layout file in /system/usr/keylayout/ this site explains it : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1336114
you can use this app to do it . no need for rooting . dvorak is not available as a predefined layout ( yet ) but you can customize your own layout using the advanced settings . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.apedroid.hwkeyboardhelper edit : this morning i published version 2.7 of the app which supports dvorak out-of-the-box .
that is dependent : the kernel , along with the appropriate driver chipset support for usb otg the general consensus , if the kernel is modded and has support for otg provided the handset supports it , then it will work alongside with the appropriate otg cable with power support . it might need custom modifications to android to make it aware of otg facilities if running on pre-honeycomb android versions . however , since honeycomb ( android 3.0 ) and upwards , there is usb facilities integrated into the framework which makes otg mechanism even easier .
it sounds like you want the extremely common ls -l  for reference , the complete busybox help for ls :
i would generally not expect /? to provide meaningful output , because it is really a dos/windows thing . linux/unix command option are typically passed with hyphens , either a single one for short flags ( for example , ls -l ) or two hyphens for verbose ones ( e . g . --help ) . two possibilities that you can try : if you are using a version provided by busybox , you can use busybox ls --help . doing this without the call to busybox at the front of the command may not yield any results ( e . g . cyanogenmod just responds with unknown option '--' if i try ls --help ) . the linux man page for ls is readily available online . the options there are probably not all implemented in the android binary , but it will give you a bit of an overview . you can also check the man page for busybox , which has all of the commands it implements as well as the options they support . i am not sure if the android version implements all the same commands/options , but it very well may .
my lg optimus 5 ( e455 and e450 ) also has a pre-installed application called cell broadcast , with cb enabled . i disabled it .
yes , you are justified and they are being sneaky . once a set of permissions is allowed , it can install new permission into that same set without getting approved on update . but you can retake control . if your rooted , you can download the xposed framework installer from the xda forums . xposed installer http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/xposed-installer-versions-changelog-t2714053 " xposed is a framework for modules that can change the behavior of the system and apps without touching any apks . all changes are done in the memory . " must be rooted playpermissions xposed module http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/modules/playpermissionsexposed-fix-play-store-t2783076 " this module aims to fix this problem for users who care about permissions . it'll do the following : 1 . make the play store show you all of the app 's permissions . 2 . require you to manually update apps with new permissions ( regardless of the category ) . " xprivacy module http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/modules/xprivacy-ultimate-android-privacy-app-t2320783 " xprivacy can prevent applications from leaking privacy sensitive data . xprivacy can restrict the categories of data an application can access . this is done by feeding an application with no or fake data . there are several data categories which can be restricted , for example contacts or location . for example , if you restrict access to contacts for an application , this will result in sending an empty contact list to the application . similarly , restricting an application 's access to your location will result in a set location being sent to the application . " modules require xposed framework to be installed to function properly .
android has a chain of signature verification that ( by default ) protects your device from being hacked or having an unofficial image installed . recovery images , updates , and os images all have to be signed . the bootloader verifies that the recovery is signed by the manufacturer 's key , and the recovery in turn verifies that the os image ( and any updates you try to install ) are signed by the same key . that is why you need cwm or twrp to flash an update that roots the device . you do not need to root to install cwm or twrp , but you do need to unlock the bootloader . this wipes all user data on the device . it is a security mechanism , to protect your data : if someone steals the device while it is locked , and wants to flash a different os to bypass the lock and steal your data , they first have to unlock the bootloader . so , there is no loop at all . unlock your bootloader and flash a recovery using fastboot , then use that recovery to install the " update " . the exact details of how vary from device to device , so find yours on our rooting index .
my testing indicates a usable resolution of 1280 x 750
these so called updates are meant to fix bugs , errors etc and improve performance of the devices . so if you update the phone you will experience better performance . there is nothing to worry . also updates includes a lot of security fixes which keeps you away from online attacks .
drag the icon to the edge , not the corners . it can be a little finicky depending on the particular touchscreen hardware your phone has .
currently there is no way to do this on an htc phone . the people app from htc will automatically display names as first and last . however if you connect the phone to exchange , as i have mine , then all exchange contacts show up as last and first , including in mail and in people . so as of right now i would say if you can get his phone on exchange , only display contacts from exchange , and tell him to put them all in exchange , then it should be a workaround to the issue .
there are different boot combos for different galaxies . on my phone it is up + home + power . sometimes i have to hold it for almost two minutes for some reason . if you cant boot injto recovery then boot into bootloader/downloadmode and flash there with . exe like odin or heimdall . on my phone down home power boots into bootloader . make sure the drivers are newest from samsung official site
i also faced the same problem in my phone , when i flashed a wrong rom . but i had usb jig which reset my phone to download mode automatically . then i was able to flash with odin . try using usb jig ( you can buy it on ebay ) to force your phone into download mode .
instead of entering a password every time you sync or access your mails - which will also be more insecure , because you enter the password often and in public - think about a good screen lock ( pin or password ) and a remote wipe solution . changing your google account password is always a good idea in case of a stolen android device . according to oleg ostroumov comment , the device will stay logged in for ~hour and then request a password .
in addition to what flow says , and i think this is a superior solution : use application-specific passwords the idea here is that you can create an application-specific password for any non web-based application that needs your google credentials ( think android phones , mail clients , im clients , etc . ) you create a credential for each purpose and use this instead of your google password -- this does not require special cooperation by third-party application developers . you can keep track of all issued application-specific passwords , and revoke them on a case-by-case basis if necessary . so if your phone is stolen , you can easily revoke access to your google account and the attacker will no longer be able to log in as you . please note that some applications might leave behind contact lists and offline email which will still be on the device even if it is not associated with a valid google account . you will need a remote wipe application for this purpose . you can find this on your google account settings page . look for authorizing applications and sites , and take it from there . see also this video from google about 2-step authorization and application-specific passwords . while at it , enable 2-step authorization using your android device for an extra layer of security when you log in from an unknown computer/device .
not sure about keyboard font but maybe you can change the font in apps . check out this link - custom fonts in apps . and also this link - custom fonts in apps 2 . link 2 is from external site .
ok if you havent checked out the link uri posted , " root , " to put it simply , is administrative privileges on the phone and gives you the ability to mess with core system files and configurations . the " superuser " app is just an app that is designed to grant or block root permissions to different apps . rooting android phones is sometimes complicated but it mainly depends on the phone and manufacturer as different manufacturers lock down their phones in different ways . some developers have brought it down to you just plugging in your phone when a certain app is running and everything is done for you while other times will require you to run terminal commands , and download specific software onto your phone . unlike standard desktop linux , root has to be acquired through exploits apparent in the phones . now why gain root ? well for android phones , it allows us to a variety of things such as have the ability to underclock our processors for considerably better battery life or overclock them for performance . we can also create wifi-hotspots with ease , run network based attacks such as arp-poisoning , conduct cookie hijacking and so on . its like jailbreaking an iphone ( except its a lot more power to tinker in the palm of your hands ) . in your case , your app probably configures the network card on your phone for the file server in a way that cannot be done with the traditional android api and so needs more system access ( hence the request for root permissions ) . there is no " simple " setting to turn on root no matter what phone you have . this is because carriers make money by locking down your phone and forcing you to pay for more functionality ( i.e. tethering/wifi-hotspot ) . if they give you the ability to activate root , then some people could easily circumvent their control , thus making them lose money . the other possibility is that careless people who do not know what they are doing could seriously mess up their own phones and thus making it a support nightmare for carriers and manufacturers who now have to deal with bricked phones . what should your best approach be ? it all depends . if you really plan on tinkering with the phone or want custom software or want better battery life , then rooting is for you . if you just want to use your phone with no extra functionality or no hassle , then do not bother for root as you probably do not need it . if you do want to root , carefully follow all instructions and do your research . your best place to start is on your device forums on xda here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1404 the 1 click root also has a very good chance of working but this is not verified to work with your device afaik .
i have a samsung galaxy s2 here is a method to get info on your bluetooth version turn on bluetooth by going to the home screen , clicking menu-> settings bluetooth . pull that to enabled . make sure it is on . on the home screen , click menu -> settings -> applications -> ' running ' tab . an item appears called : " bluetooth share " . a screen pops up with information about the program , but it is sparse .
unlocking the bootloader will void your warranty . the first situation is not covered by the phone 's warranty , but the second might , according to your country 's laws . for example in finland , the repair company has to show that the problem is directly caused by flashing in order to deny the warranty claim . it is possible to get the phone repaired , but you have to fight with the repair shop and possibly with samsung to get it done , and it could get tricky . having said that , flashing is pretty easy as long as you follow the instructions to the letter and do not rush . bricking is pretty rare if you are cautious , so i would say go for it : )
well , you have several applications that do what you want . you have tasker which is paid , llama which is free and i am currently using and can recommend , if you look around in the market , you can find other applications .
the app that i use for this is unlock with wifi ( free version , paid version ) while it can not do anywhere near as much as tasker and locale can , i prefer small apps that do exactly what i want and not much more . unlock with wifi as well as its core function of disabling the screen lock when you are attached to a trusted wifi point , can also switch wifi , bluetooth , gps and background sync on and off depending on whether or not you are connected to the trusted wifi ( i have my home wifi , and my parents wifi points specified as trusted ) . if you are interested in doing more than this , or triggering differently then locale and tasker ( both paid apps ) are very highly recommended for automating android settings and apps .
there is also the free timeriffic . works similar to what i remember of locale but without the gps component .
solved it myself after hours of googling . i really only needed to run error checking on the internal storage ( checkdisk ) in windows . since i could not get windows to mount the drive normally , i tried booting into clockworkmod recovery mode and then connect usb . ran the error checking ( right click on drive , properties , tools , error-checking ) , rebooted phone and voilà ! life is beautiful once again .
i had the same problem and i found a solution . first , problem description : i have connected the s2 to a pc and turned on the mass storage mode . after copying the files i have selected on the phone to disconnect from pc ( without unplugging the device in windows - which may cause this problem ) . after that i found out that both memories ( sd card and 16gb usb memory ) are damaged . solution : i have connected the phone to a pc , choose to turn on the mass storage mode . windows found the drives but they are empty ( unmounted ) . i selected on the phone disconnect from pc and this time i have unplugged the cards from windows . after this my phone found the memories and start working again . i think it is a system glitch which hangs the card somewhere between mass storage mode and direct access to them .
looks like toggle mobile just does not work well with my setup . i bought a £2 sim card from lycamobile a couple months ago , and it is been working flawlessly with no setup changes . not much of an answer i am afraid , but i would rather lose my remaining toggle credit than use several more days on this .
does not seem to be , the search is the only way as of now , however ; if you use the browser there is an option to view only unread emails .
i had the same issue . tried in vain . search is the only way - inelegant but works . and repeat searches are relatively easy if one does not have too many previous searches with different filters .
this is possible with tasker . however , i am not sure you can read out a subject line , since an sms does not normally have a subject line . it does have a body . create a profile . in the profile tab , create a new profile (+ button) &gt; Event &gt; Phone &gt; Received text . click back button ( to create the profile ) . assign a task to the profile . after you click the back button , a dialog will pop-up . click New Task . name it ( e . g . read sms ) . in task edit screen , create a new action (+ button) &gt; Misc &gt; Say . in text , type " message received " . you can also edit the pitch ( of the voice ) or its speed . click back ( to create the action ) . if you want the text body to be read , create a new action (+ button) &gt; Misc &gt; Say . in text , click the label button to the right , select Text Subject . when you receive a message , you will be able to hear " message received " , and the text body ( if you added an action for that ) .
try custom messaging apps like go sms pro or handcent sms . these will allow you to customize the notification alerts for incoming messages from specific numbers ! hope this helps ! : )
the problem with my device not showing up with the fastboot devices command resolved itself . i was then able to flash a custom recovery . the only thing i did different was , i rebooted my computer and symlinked the adb and fastboot commands in my bin folder .
it turns out the compass needed to be calibrated . i rotated the tablet a full 360 degrees in all three axes , and the problem cleared up . i used this app to monitor the orientation sensor , and while i still see the x axis orientation value drifting , it is being corrected automatically so that accuracy is maintained .
the clockworkmod folder contains data that cwm created , and more specifically the backup folder is where your device 's backup files are stored . all of those files are what constitute a nandroid backup of your device . if you are looking to free up some space on your device you can delete the folder , but cwm will recreate only the folder every time you reboot ; the backup files will not be recreated , and will only be generated when you use the backup feature so be sure to copy these files to a computer ( for backup purposes should you ever need to restore it ) . i often create nandroid backups , copy them to a computer or external storage , and then delete them from my device to save the memory for more useful things .
edit : after update to the question my answer is not valid for this case , i thought that the phone was not booting right after flashing new rom . leaving my old answer in case someone might have the issue i have described earlier . as far as i know until your phone boot there is no way to check logs . though i think your phone might have some problems booting due to some cached information which was not wiped before flashing your rom . i had similar issue and wiping caches fix my boot-loop on galaxys4 - cyanogenmod 11 . all you need to do before flashing your rom , is to turn your phone in recovery mode , then wipe cache , and dalvik cache , after that you can flash your rom . i can not tell you exactly how to do this because i do not know which recovery you are using . this operation will not delete any of you personal data , only some apps cache , after rebooting your phone should start preparing apps and then boot normally . in case its still not working you might try to wipe cache and dalvik cache again and additionally make factory reset , this operation will wipe all your data from your phone so if you got important information on your phone make sure its the last possible solution , after factory reset flash your rom again . also some custom roms are not working correctly with every recovery , so make sure you are using supported recovery . ps . also i advice you checking this forum : http://forum.xda-developers.com/ for any information regarding flashing roms/kernels etc . disclaimer : though this worked for me , and i think it should work for you too , i am not taking any responsibility for any damages to your device , nor lost data .
install the android sdk and plug in your phone . go to a command prompt change directory to to your adb folder type adb logcat &gt; logcat.txt this creates a text file in your adb folder and would tell exactly why your phone is not booting .
you could probably download a custom rom from xda and find and extract the sound files from /system/media/audio/  you should be able to put them into the relevant folder on the ' sdcard ' /sdcard/alarms/ /sdcard/Notifications/ /sdcard/Ringtones/  where they will get picked up by the os . as for the notification icons , without rooting and customising the relevant files ( i am not sure exactly which ) there is no way to change them from white to blue .
widgetlocker will allow you to adjust the lock screen sounds , the only downside is you can not use it with a pin . the status bar was a change to make android look better , you can not change that without changing roms or using xposed framework . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.teslacoilsw.widgetlocker
short answer generally , apps are cleanly uninstalled , and most if not all of their data will be removed along . some exceptions may however apply to their data stored on sdcard , if any . detailed answer android uses a data structure which is defined by the developers api , and developers should stick to it . there are also not too many ways they could deviate , as e.g. file system permissions prevent this . aside from the .apk ( the app itself ) installed at a defined place , there are also defined places for the apps data : all these can only go below /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; on internal storage ( rare chances an app can access other places in internal storage to place its data , except from some " temporary " or cache locations . as for the sdcard , the api strongly recommends to use Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt; as corresponding place ( see api documentation ) . as long as developers stick to these rules , uninstalling the app will also remove all its data ( as the system takes care for all those locations defined by the developer documentation , since these are easily identified via the package name ) . however , on the sdcard there are almost no restrictions which places an app can access ( which is due to the fat file system used for these cards ) , and some apps go wild here .
i found the problem : the icon already existed on another screen . however , i was confused because both icons are identically named ( gallery ) and are nearly identical in appearance . thus , i did not realize that i had both icons already .
yes , you should be worried . lots of malware disguises itself as something else that the writer thinks you might want to install so that it can get the app onto your phone . if you are at all suspicious about permissions ( and reading phone history is definitely suspicious for a compass app ) , contact the app developer with your questions . an honest dev will get back to you .
this definitely requires some sensible judgement . if the app is from a trusted dev ( top devloper with that symbol ) then you can be rest assured that that app is not any malware . generally , apps which look shady in terms of title and comments are the ones you must proceed with caution .
until and unless the app does not provide the functionality there is nothing an end use can do except request them for the feature . one difficult and less possible way though would be to monitor the data transfer whatsapp makes and see if it uses different subdomain or ip for pictures like pics.whatsapp.com. if they do so then you can block that particular subdomain . but this might cause the app to misbehave .
after facebook bought whatsapp messenger , they have added new privacy settings for last seen , profile photo and status to make them visible to either everybody , your contacts or no body . from whatsapp faq : how do i configure my privacy settings ? by default , whatsapp will automatically set your privacy settings to allow any whatsapp user to view your last seen , profile photo and status . if you do not share your last seen , you will not be able to see other people 's last seen . please note there is no way to hide your online status . to change these settings , simply go to whatsapp > menu button > settings > account > privacy . you can set the following options separately for last seen , profile photo and/or status . everyone your last seen , profile photo and/or status will be available to all whatsapp users . my contacts your last seen , profile photo and/or status will be available to your contacts from your address book only . nobody your last seen , profile photo and/or status will not be available to anyone
first , that setting is enforced by the os ( so it is not for the app to decide whether to observe that setting ) . put in easy words : android will not let an app access the network unless it is running in foreground ( i.e. . the user is interacting with it ) with the restriction enabled for it . explained with a plastic example : restrict background data on the google play store app ( as i did ) , it will not anymore check for updates in background while you are on mobile data . but it will do so when you are using wifi . also , when you call up the app to install something , it will work as long as you keep it in foreground ( i.e. . not switch to another app while it is still downloading ) .
according to this thread on code . google . com ( from april 2012 ) , it seems that one user solved a similar issue after they were advised to turn off 2 step auth to use google play : i am having same issue and tech just advised i have to turn off 2 step verification to get into play . so i would disable 2 step auth on the google account associated with the device and try again . ( if that does not work , i wonder if it is even worth trying a factory reset with 2 step auth turned off . . . ) btw : that thread is in the issues list for source code behind the google authenticator application . the issue is not actually related to that application , however , after setting up 2 step auth the user reportedly could not access google play so that is why they blamed that app . alternatively ( still assuming 2 step auth is part of the issue ) , you could create an app-specific password for google play as described in this answer . quoting that answer : create an app-specific password for google play at https://accounts.google.com/issuedauthsubtokens ( e . g . , name it " android phone play store" ) . on the phone , add a 2nd google account ( all settings > accounts and sync ) . launch google 's play store . go to menu > accounts . switch account ; then , switch back . when it asks for a password , enter the app-specific password you have created .
issue reported on google : [ #4319215 ] paid apps are not available in territories payment and buying apps/in-app items -> [ #4319215 ] paid apps are not available in territories we’ve received reports that some users living in a territory don’t have access to the same android apps on google play as that territory’s parent country . you may be experiencing this issue if : you live in a non-sovereign geographic region or a country subdivision you’re receiving error messages when trying to purchase android apps on google play or you don’t see paid apps on google play at all ( you’re only seeing free apps ) there is no workaround available right now , but we’ll continue to update this page with developments , so check back soon . issue first reported on : february 1 , 2012 last updated on : july 3 , 2012 are you on a territory ? if not , consider reporting your issue at google staff .
i just had this problem on my nexus 7 , though error message was authentication is required . you need to sign into your google account , but same symptoms , everything worked fine except for downloading paid apps . the problem was google wallet was disabled . to protect your data and privacy , your apps google wallet account will be suspended when your account password is reset by your google apps administrator . which was news to me and the root cause . i had to ring them to renable wallet , then google play started working again for paid apps .
i recall seeing a post on rootzwiki where someone was seeing a very similar issue , though on a galaxy nexus . specifically , he had the following symptoms : to my dismay i found that i get an error no matter what i try to buy . free apps seem to work fine . the solution he ultimately ended up finding was : got it ! found a tweet from peter alfonso stating to uninstall the market updates and clear cache . to do this , go into Settings-&gt;Apps , swipe left to the " all " tab , then select the play store ( it should be titled " google play store " so look in the ' g ' area ) and press uninstall updates . once that is finished , hit clear cache , or clear data if you want to wipe all of its data completely . once you have done that , relaunch the play store and try to purchase the app again .
in order of least to most destructive . clear data on market app , reboot remove your google account , reboot , add it again clear data from google framework services ( this is similar to above , in that it will log you out , but i am not sure what else this clears ) , reboot , sign back in . the 3rd one was what finally fixed it for me and i have not had the issue again .
sending to voicemail is a carrier service , and what you can configure depends on the features your carrier offers . if you are able to configure this , it'll be via the " call forwarding " settings . on my nexus 4 running stock kitkat , you can access these by opening the phone app , tapping the menu icon , then settings , then call settings , then call forwarding . on uk mobile networks ( i presume it is the same worldwide , but i am far from certain ) , the behaviour when you deny a call is controlled by your " forward when busy " setting , so you will want to disable call forwarding for that case . that'll also , obviously , disable voicemail when someone calls you and you are already in another call . for contrast , " forward when unanswered " configures what happens if you let the call ring out , and " forward when unreachable " covers your phone being turned off or out of signal . some networks do not respect how you configure this through the phone menu . this may be because they do not support letting you have that choice , or it may be because you need to configure it a different way . this is frequently by dialing your voicemail number and pressing * or # to get a menu , but each network operator will have their own ways .
since you have already unlocked your bootloader , you should be able to flash a recovery from fastboot and then use that to root . this will get you root on your stock rom ( but not s-off ) : download clockworkmod recovery for the doubleshot from this link download the superuser/su zip file from this link reboot into fastboot mode . to do this , remove power off the phone , remove the battery , then hold volume down while you re-insert the battery and press power . when the bootloader menu appears , press power again to select " fastboot " . flash the custom recovery image : fastboot flash recovery /path/to/clockworkmod.img . reboot into recovery ( reboot and hold volume down , i believe , otherwise use #3 above to boot into the bootloader then press volume down to select " recovery " and press the power button ) . copy the superuser/su zip file onto your device and install it from recovery . it may be easier to get the zip onto your device if you first reboot normally and then use android 's mass storage feature to just copy it over .
one question : is your bootloader unlocked ? if not that is why revolutionary failed . if your bootloader is locked , you need to use the htc 's unlock bootloader found here , then re-try using the revolutionary root . the clue was in the message which with a bit of google-fu yielded this thread on xda , post #214 and post #215 ( you will have to go back to page 22 on that said thread ) . i am not responsible for any outcome by my posting this answer . read and re-read and make sure you are ready to go ahead and do so .
what you are attempting to do is not rooting , it is called s-off . s-off is a level below root . root is like being the administrator on a windows machine , whereas s-off is like having permission to modify values in the bios . it is complete control . s-off might not be what you need for what you want to do if all you want to do is root your stock rom .
well , i rebooted the phone and it is working fine now , but still not sure why this happens . it happened to me twice and works fine when i reboot the phone . this is not an answer to my question but more like a solution to overcome that
if you do not use your gps at all , just turn it off . locations services will not be enabled and the " places " evernote service will not be used .
1 . first turn -on your gps 2 . go to evernote settings 3 . under general settings you can find " other options " 4 . uncheck " use gps satellites " option . also uncheck " use wireless networks " if you did not turn on your gps , " use gps satellites " option get greyed out . now your note will not store your location .
your handset is not damaged , not totally . but you do need to get some professional help , someone who is willing to carry out the procedure in restoring it , provided that someone has the necessary tools at their disposal . however , you can fix your imei using a highly specialized but expensive repair box such as z3x , nspro , to name but a few . mostly , smartphone users do not have access to them and only repair labs or specialists have them .
in case you have not figured it out yet , ( or for future reference ) : from the clock app , tap on the alarm in question . you will be brought to the original settings you saw when you first set it . tap on more at the bottom .
i am not sure , but since you updated to jb , it may have other stock alarm app , so it would not be some bug . although you can download an app for this , like xtreme alarm which is free . or you can search on xda forums the stock alarm apk for ics . i have found this topic , which lists a lot of stock apps for downloading .
after you tap " more " you can scroll down to change more than just the volume . i did not think there was anything else , either , at first .
there might be a number of explanations , first you might have set your handset to ignore 3g networks when connected to a wi-fi connection . to check this , try deactivating the wi-fi and see what happens . if the problem is still there , then check whether use 2g network is enabled , and disable it . try enabling 3g go to applications icon-settings-more settings-mobile networks-mobile data if there is a tick on the mobile data , then its supposed to work . so switch off the wi-fi first and try whether it will work . hope you get to solve this let me know if you do . it might also be a provider problem like stated by some , either check the apn settings with the provider , or try getting a friend to show you the apn settings . you could also try getting a different microsimcard to see whether it will work because that might also be a problem .
it seem like the line provider problem to me . . try to check the setting-more-mobile network-access point name check the setting there . . or download new access point name . . if this not fix the problem . . u need to call the provider line to help u fix the problem . thx
you could just press your home key to go to your home screen - do what you need to there , even open another app . then just long-press the home key again to pop up the list of recently used apps and select the original app you were in to return to where you were . should work .
i actually found taskxp for multitasking which someone recommended . it is just what i wanted . it shows my recent apps and any apps that i pin , in an overlay that i can quickly hit back from .
there are likely two calendar apps on your system . stock android includes an app and google provides one as well , which might be preinstalled on your device , or you may have downloaded it without realizing it . they both look very similar ( which is probably why you thought they were the same when you held on them for the app info screen ) . check in your app drawer . the stock android calendar is a green calendar icon , and the google one is blue . then disable notifications for one of them . you can always click on the roll-up notifications and when that app opens , go into the settings and disable notifications . then go to your app drawer and check both icons ( both are labeled calendar ) see which app has notifications disabled . once you determine what app it is , if it is the google calendar , you could just uninstall it , or if it is the built-in one , you can disable it via settings -> apps -> all -> calendar -> disable .
if you use the calendar app that i do ( which i believe is the stock android calendar app that has a pink icon ) , click the icon to open the app , click settings then mine has a " set alerts and notifications " where i can select from 3 options : ( 1 ) alert , ( 2 ) status bar notification , or ( 3 ) off . i use the stock calendar which uses my google calendar and i also use nudnik reminders app . so all three of those apps have settings for notifications that i have to consider . hope this helps !
if you are using the blue google calendar and want to stop getting 2 notifications do as i do : i went into the stock android calendar ( pink ) and in settings checked the play notification sound box , picked my notification sound and then unchecked every other box for these settings . then i went to the blue google calendar and general settings . in notifications and reminders i checked the notifications box , picked my sound so that it is the same one as the stock calendar one i chose earlier and decided to check the box to vibrate and i checked pop-up box . then i unchecked the the main notifications box leaving the other boxes checked but greyed out . if you leave the main notification box checked as well you will get 2 pop-ups !
i can confirm that this is normal behaviour for the default ( blue ) google calendar on the nexus 4 - just the 1 app . having tried a few tests of my own . . . the multiple " roll-up " events appear to be events for which you have already received a notification , but have not explicitly acknowledged or " dismissed " it - in which case the notification remains in the notification area and forms this group when the next notification occurs . in the screenshot above , a notification has just occurred for " test3" , while notifications have already occurred for " test1" and " test2" , but i did not acknowledge/dismiss them . i could , for instance , tap on the " roll-up " and dismiss " test2" - it will then be removed from the notification area . the only way to stop this roll-up of events is to either : dismiss the notification as it occurs . do not set a notification for these events .
according to a thread in the yarvik forum ( besides , the first hit on a google search for yarvik tab411 root ) , you should be able to use the superoneclick tool . but while the name suggests " one click " should be pretty easy , it might be not the case . however , you will need to : download superoneclick e.g. from here download and install the device drivers ( for your device , possibly to be found on the yarvik 's support pages ) on your windows machine activate usb debugging on your device run the superoneclick application as administrator ( oops ) on windows 7 now the most difficult : click the " root " button : ) as i have no yarvik tablet , i could not check the above . it is just the result from a little google search -- so forgive me in case it fails . . .
well , it does not really answer my question , but upon further reflection , and without any good information available , we have decided to stick to only the officially supported locale list and to just be careful about how we translate for those locales . for example , we will provide two sets of spanish translations , es and us , and will be careful to make the us translations appropriate for the wider latin american spanish-speaking audience , rather than being us-specific .
from prior experience in building aosp before , the language strings for all aspects of the system , are stored in xml file , found in the aosp source framework/base/core/res/res . inside that directory in the source , there is values-xxx/strings . xml and values-xxx/do-not-translate . xml , where xxx is the iso country code based on the standard guidelines . this gets built and generated into framework-res . apk found in the rom 's live system under /system/framework . on an existing rom , its possible to ' sort of ' add translations into it by decompiling it but the effort would not be worth it as the xml data is compiled and " gets lost in translation " . i say ' sort of ' very loosely , as either the outcome would be it may work or it may not work , but the effort would be big and possibly break existing core android functionality . you can most certainly add a language add-on for the keyboards but that is about it . from the aspect of developers , where localization is concerned , the principle is pretty much the same as in the aosp source . so if the developer wants to add in french language support , he/she can simply create a values-fr/strings . xml and shove in there , the french translations and so on . of course , there will be variants such as canadian french , swiss french , for example . so their files , would be values-fr-rca/strings . xml , values-fr-rch to cite the example . this is where cm has the most languages support and are in a state-of-flux due to users spotting mis-translations etc . only google provides the core languages - such as italian , french , german , spanish , english ( both us/uk ) to name but a few .
there is a bit tricky method suggested by one of xda members . rooting is required . download and install a terminal emulator on your android tablet . run the emulator and enter the following commands : dhcpcd usb1 setprop net . dns1 8.8.8.8 the android phone from which net connection is to be sourced must be connected via usb cable and on that phone enable usb tether . now you can access internet on your android tablet using your android phone as a usb modem !
after a lot of experimentation and backwards and forwards and disabling and enabling various things , i have got it to the point where i have not seen that error popup for about a week now ( which is a huge improvement over it appearing every 10 minutes ) . unfortunately logcat never seemed to show any obvious , enlightening errors when the force close messages popped up , so there was nothing to work on there . various posts on web forums suggested that going into accounts and sync disabling sync on calendars and contacts , then clearing the data on the calendar and contacts app should help , but it did not seem to for me . in the end what i think solved the problem was : completely deleting all my non-primary google accounts off the device ( i have a primary google account , which is a google apps one , plus another google apps account and a normal gmail account ) disabling all of the sync on my primary account clearing the data on the calendar and contacts apps leaving it an hour before re-enabling the sync on my primary account leaving it a day before adding back my secondary accounts , and enabling their sync not 100% sure which of those steps solved it , but after doing all of those steps in that order my problem has gone away .
as can be seen in this video from the google i/o conference , in jelly bean applications can no longer read the system log for other applications , they can only read their own log . this has broken most ( all ? ) system log readers , here 's a blog post from a developer of such an application talking about how it has affected his application . the only way to have an app read other apps system log entries when using jelly bean is to root the phone . although other apps can not read the log files it is apparently possible to do it from the pc , try giving logshark a go .
the easiest most simple way that will give you definitive results is to remove all apps and install them one at a time until you install one that starts your problem . if you just installed an app recently and think it may be questionable , uninstall it and see if your problem is gone . this in all honesty is a lengthy process .
what you describe can not happen . the android updater downloads the whole update before doing anything . only after it is finished downloading does it offer to restart and install , and no internet connection is required for the installation procedure . perhaps what is happened is simply that the android update has completed successfully , and you are waiting for some apps to update themselves . new functionality like the play newsstand app is separate from the os update , so you might have to wait a little longer for that update . also , if you are expecting the new home screen , with a google now page and transparent effects , be aware that that also is not part of the os update : the new launcher is only on nexus 5 devices for now , and you will be able to download it from google play soon . when you are trying to get help with a problem , describe the actual symptoms you are seeing , not just what you think caused the problem . we could give you much more specific answers if your question were more specific than " some functions are missing " .
i agree with dan regarding the atomic operation of the update . i read a news article saying that nexus 4 's update does not bring all the features that are seen in nexus 5 . read this article for more info .
there are other ways too . my favorite is : $ adb shell svc power stayon true see here : stackexchange-url
yes . go to Settings -> Developer options and turn on the Stay awake option .
it is not bricked totally . security error occurs when you have stock , locked bootloader and modified core android system files and/or recovery/x-boot/u-boot partitions . locked bootloader checks for signatures of some files and these partitions . the best approach would be to take lg flash tool , get original kdz for your lg , extract recovery.img , u-boot.img , x-boot.img and boot.img partitions and flash them with fastboot . try experimenting with vol-up/down keys to get to fastboot . you will probably want to use this command : fastboot flash &lt;partition&gt; &lt;file&gt; you need : lg flash tool and kdz extractor kdz file for your model ( search xda-dev for it ) good luck !
rehearsalassistant is what i ended up using . it is ok for now .
you can use the tapemachine recorder ( it is a paid app ) , it can record in high quality audio format . here 's the link to market
also tape-a-talk works well and has a free version .
dictadroid full or lite is also a good choice , here 's the advertisment text from google 's play store : dictadroid turns your android phone into a professional , high-quality dictation machine and voice recorder . use it to record voice dictations , notes , meetings , music , or any other audio and share it via email , mms , box , or dropbox . dictadroid is very simple to use and has many unique features , including : - pause/resume while recording or playing - insert/overwrite recording modes - record/play in the background or while screen is off - save audio files in wav format - share via email , mms , box , and dropbox - bulk delete/share operations - assign new or existing photo to a recording - use in any orientation ( portrait/landscape ) - sort recordings by date or title
i know for certain that some apps do have the option of changing the setting ( e . g . indrive allows you to switch to speakerphone when driving ) as for the second question , i believe that callrecorder is the culprit , because : a ) i have tried truecaller once , and did not experience anything like you are mentioning , b ) call recorder apps generally can not work on unrooted android ( as far as i know ) unless you are using the speakerphone , so that they can record your voice , and the voice coming from the speakerphone .
i am not sure why google now ceased to appear , but here is how to reset it : open settings --> apps . scroll right to all . open google search , hit clear data and clear cache . open google now again and it will walk you through the initial setup guide . my personalized card settings were retained after the clear .
i was able to install google play services by browsing to its page at https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gms and then logging in , clicking install , and choosing my phone . come to think of it , i might start installing more apps this way , from the comfort of a desktop browser . : ) anyway , i am able to use the google+ app again . i am still puzzled by the " no connection " business and having to periodically downgrade play to market to install anything from my phone running android 2.2 , but i am glad i did not have to root it and install cyanogenmod as suggested by some friends .
when i have been unable to log-in to the google account on an old phone or something , it will often work by logging-in to youtube with the same credentials . youtube is usually a default installed app . open it up , go to the account settings and log-in using your gmail credentials . i get no futher problems with logging into gmail . it does it at the same time as youtube . this sorts it out for me . hope this helps someone .
skype for android uses your tablet 's default language . from their support site : skype for android is currently available in [ 32 different ] languages ( based on your phone’s or tablet’s language setting ) . what language is your tablet set to ? to check ( or to change it ) go to Settings &gt; Language &amp; input . it does not look possible to change the language used by skype without changing it for the whole tablet .
there is actually a way to do so , make sure that the source file your downloaded sourcefile is in the language you requested , ie downloading skype_3.1.0.6458 in your case
does not exist yet the only way is to decompile the application then change each line written in . apk/res/ the folders i found in resources of skype app anim drawable drawable-hdpi-v11 drawable-land drawable-land-ldpi drawable-ldpi drawable-mdpi drawable-mdpi-v9 drawable-port drawable- port-ldpi drawable-xhdpi drawable-xhdpi-v9 layout-land menu raw color drawable-hdpi drawable-hdpi-v9 drawable-land-hdpi drawable-land-mdpi drawable- ldpi-v9 drawable-mdpi-v11 drawable-nodpi drawable-port-hdpi drawable-port-mdpi drawable-xhdpi-v11 layout layout-port menu-v11 xml or try sending them an email at : skypeuploader@googlemail . com
although the sony xperia tipo is listed by freexperia as a supported device , the tipo dual is not . it is not clear from the site , so it may simply be that ( the unofficial port of ) cyanogenmod can not access the sim cards in that device .
the find command works well in adb shell . the syntax is find /path -name file_name . for searching read only areas you will need root . if the find command is not available on your particular device , you might need to install busybox ( search the market . ) for example , adb shell find / -name *maps* will find all files that contain word " maps " across the entire file system .
no , you are pretty much out of luck . once you update , you have that version and cannot go back . i do not know your android knowledge , but , if you have the apk file for a previous version , you can " sideload " the application on to the device ( unless you have at and t ) . but that is a bit more complicated if you never done it before . it requires the drivers for your pc , copy the file to the sdcard , and then " open " the apk file with an file manager , which will then launch the package installer .
i guess it will be fixed in a future update but until then , have you tried contacting the developers for an older version . i am sure they will be appreciative of any feedback you give and it would be easy for them to provide you with a previous version directly . if you are feeling brave , i found the following two sites that might have what you need as a direct download , may need something like astro file manager ( free ) to install and will need to enable unknown sources in the settings . http://www.freewarelovers.com/android/app/winamp http://getandroidstuff.com/?s=winamp+android i do not know how reputable the sites are so i would try my first suggestion initially .
my understanding is that the stock e-mail app sends mail in plain text only -- not html . thus whatever client receives the message will render it in a default font for plain-text messages . for outlook , that is apparently times new roman . ( courier new is another possibility . ) so your question might actually be " can i send html e-mail from the stock android app ? "
use ideal text enlarger . works without need for root . but not all apps work with it and overly large fonts make the interface more difficult . i am looking for a similar solution , but in terms of accessibility , the ipad 's triple finger gesture to zoom and magnify any part of the screen in any app is unmatchable in android as yet .
individual apps might have settings for font size , but i do not think android 2.2 included any system-wide settings for changing the default font size . check the market for a third-party contact list app that allows you to change that setting .
your battery status may be off for a while , but will return to normal as you use the device . in general it is good to do several consecutive full discharges and full charges , which will restore the stats about how long the battery lasts . there is nothing you can do beyond that .
broadcom did not specify it , it could be any from this list , search for the gps category . galaxy y uses the broadcom bcm21553 which is arm11 . based on this , i conclude it uses the bcm4751 gps module . you can also try this ussd codes that might reveal some information .
yes , you can now install the stock android keyboard from the play store - it is called google keyboard .
there is no official way of installing the default keyboard if it is not installed by the manufacturer . however , there may be unofficial ways using files stripped from other devices or compiled from aosp . there are some keyboards on google play , see for example keyboard from android 2.3 , which claims to be like the default keyboard from android 2.3 . another way of getting the default keyboard may be installing another rom . i think hardware makers would install their own keyboards if they think that they are superior to the default one , for example because they better work on the screen size of a device .
sounds like you are getting dhcp to your internal network vlan only . but its definitely a routing issue . can you set manual route from your phone ip to wan port ?
you could achieve this in two ways : have titanium create an update.zip with the wanted data . this you could then simply flash , and you are done titanium also supports a kind of " tags": setup a filter matching all the stuff you want , and save the selection as a tag ( or tag the wanted items manually ) . then select by tag and backup . make sure to have titanium sync its settings to your sdcard . after the rom upgrade , first re-install tb ( which then syncs with its settings from the sdcard ) , select the items by tag , and restore .
the same thing had happened to my n7 . here 's what worked for me . let your device stay in that state for as long as the battery lasts , i.e. wait till the battery is dead . after that is done , power on the devise by holding the two volume buttons and then connect the charger or connect to a computer . use your volume buttons to navigate to START and click on the power button that should bring it back to life Edit here is a photo of the boot loader i found on google which shows the Start
rooting your phone will void the warranty from both the carrier and the manufacturer . no matter what happens to be wrong . if they found that the phone 's rooted then you will have to face the consequences . * so your warranty will be void automatically with root . *
your friends just got lucky . thats it . no manufacture in this world will provide you warranty services after you have rooted the device .
it sounds like the brightness control in the hardware is broken . perhaps when the mechanic installed it he did not manage to connect the ribbon cable correctly . there is no way an app can work around such a hardware problem . you should return your phone to the mechanic and ask him to actually fix it this time .
you could use tasker to make a beep or push a notification when battery level is ouside your safety boundaries , so you can take an action by yourself ( ie . un/plug the charger ) . go to developer website , where tasker userguide can help you to set that task , taking as context the state of your device . the following image shows an example of configuring tasker to take an action depending on battery state :
application : no , as for an application to do this , the answer is no since charging on an android phone is done by its hardware ! the software has nothing to do with the actual charging of the phone ! ( this is why your phone is able to charge even when the os is powered down ) method : no , since the charging is not controlled by the software of your phone , this means it will be very difficult to stop your phone from charging ( since there is no software modification that i can think of that will help . . . i could be wrong ! ) however , as pointed out by francisco alvarado <a href="stackexchange-url earlier you could create tasker profiles to notify you about custom charge levels . or if you are very paranoid about maintaining battery health you could make tasker prompt you before automatically shutting down ( just a suggestion ) .
my nexus ran the battery flat and would not restart , although i did not have the backlight issue that you mention . there are a number of tricks suggested at : https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/2668668?hl=en which involve powering on and pressing volume buttons . this worked for me and the nexus now behaves as well as it ever did .
the problem is that the device was stuck in fastboot . i had to use adb to get into the bootloader , and change to normal boot from there . now , everything works . i assume he let the device run out of power while updating , as it completed updating once it was out of fastboot . thanks for all the help you gave me . you may not have solved my problem , but i still appreciate it .
go to http://www.google.com/calendar ( on a desktop computer ) and login with the same gmail as your phone . on the left hand side bar there is " other calendars " . click the drop down to the right of that , then choose " add by url " . in the modal dialog , enter the url of the . ics calendar file . then click add calendar . now open google calendar app on your phone . hit the menu button --> more --> calendars . you should see the email you just added under your gmail account . enable syncing for it and then hit ok . you should now have the most up to date copy of that calendar on your phone .
maybe icssync would be a better option for you : icssync is an android app for syncing calendars between an android device and an ics file ( icalendar ) on a ftp/webdav server ( plain webdav or svn ) or stored in a file ( e . g . your dropbox-folder ) . so you can keep your calendar entries up-to-date automatically . alternative candidates exist as well in the playstore , e.g. calendarsync ( a bit expensive with ~ usd 10 ) , or caldav sync ( ~ usd 3 ) .
most ( pretty much all ) usb keyboards and mice support the usb hid protocol . you might not be able to use some special " media keys " or other advanced features , but standard features will work without additional drivers . as for routing usb input to standard android ui events , i suspect they will do it ( they had be stupid not to ) but could not find any conclusive information as of yet .
i have just tried a normal microsoft usb mouse on my asus eee pad transformer running android 3.1 . it works just fine both in pre-installed applications ( i tried the browser ) and in third-party applications that i am pretty sure have no dedicated support ( they are not even adapted to 3.0 yet ) . and as @patrick noted , pretty much all usb mice and keyboards support the usb hid protocol , so you will not need specific per-mouse drivers .
there are many apps on the market that allows you to password-/pin-/pattern- protect other apps , see : https://market.android.com/search?q=app+lock
you reset your phone means there will be no apps in that . to find out what is occupying your phone memory goto settings -> manage application or settings-> storage option to find out what is occupying space in your device . another way : if you have any file manager application installed in your phone go to internal storage and find out the things which occupying space in your phone . it may be any files such pictures or videos .
check this link . install the su binaries from here than update to latest version . hope this helps .
you should be able to download the latest supersu from chainfire . push that to your nexus 7 using adb push and install it from your custom recovery . i am guessing you have that already ?
figured it out . . . go to the wifi settings , hit the menu key and choose " advanced " , and uncheck " avoid poor connections " .
you need to re-flash your recovery in fastboot . make sure you use the correct recovery for your device and carrier . ( i can provide links if needed . ) your rooted so i will assume you have successfully achieved s-off which requires proper adb drivers and fastboot . boot to fastboot ( hold power + vol down ) and connect usb cable flash nameofrecovery . img ( from same directory adb and fastboot are in ) by typing fastboot flash recovery nameofrecovery.img
one checkmark means that the message has been delivered to whatsapp servers , but has not been delivered to the recipient 's phone . you do not need to send it again , the message will be delivered to the recipient the next time his/her phone connects to the whatsapp servers , assuming you are not blocked . sending it again will not help , since it is already delivered to whatsapp servers .
i have not tried this , but since android is not so different than the underlying linux system , you might be able to do the same thing as described here . the device file name might be different though and you might need to be rooted .
i do not know how you came up with that command line , but it appears to be incorrect . the format of the fastboot flash command is : fastboot flash partition imagefile i have never heard of a phone with a " zip " partition : they are usually called " boot " , " recovery " , " system " , and " userdata " . my guess is that you need to unzip the zip file you have downloaded , which will give you files named something like " boot . img " , " recovery . img " and " system . img " . it may also include a script that already has the right fastboot commands to flash the whole system ( but you had need to rename fastboot-mac to fastboot to run it ) , and/or a readme file explaining the process . read it carefully and follow the steps exactly . guessing what arguments to give to fastboot will probably result in bricking your phone .
i would recommend using haxsync to sync facebook data to your phone , works great for me .
go to contacts . . . . press the left button ( the settings button ) and then accounts . here you can add your facebook account . ( also i guess if you use facebook app , it asks you whether you want to sync contacts or not . )
if you can remember that you had used ( does not matter which ) a google account on your lost note2 , you could go to accounts page of the play store in a computer . you can see the devices that are attached with the account with its registered and last used date . since you have multiple google accounts ( that is what i understood from your question ) you have try logging in with each and try the above said in a computer . with the last used and registered date you can identify which account was last used in your lost note2 . if you are confident that the lost phone is still switched on and connected to internet , you use androidlost to get into the process of identifying it or manage your stuffs .
i know it is too late , but here is a quick tip you can follow in case you lose it again and still not remember which account you used : get all your google accounts ( all you can remember ) , then try logging in with all of them one by one in this site : http://www.google.com/android/devicemanager one of your accounts will locate your phone if it is still on and is connected to the internet .
solved ( at least layar is not being showed as installed anymore ) . on this site i found that i could also remove the /data/app/com.layar.apk file . i did it and now i have +8mb of free space on my galaxy .
yes , instacamera , made in new zealand . . . !
there are custom recoveries for your device but they are only available for the wi-fi only galaxy tab 4 10.1- twrp ( sm-t530 ) , odin/heimdall flash cwm ( sm-t530 ) , odin/heimdall flash **
try installing betterbatterystats or gsam battery monitor pro . both apps can provide you granular data about how your phone 's battery is being drained . you know the power hog is google reader but these apps can help you determine if the app is killing the battery because it is using a ton of data or if it is initiating long or frequent wake-locks . . . if i had to guess without any more info , i would guess that reader is updating in the background frequently and consuming a lot of data .
the sim card is not capable of managing complex records . due to its limited storage , it only holds one phone number per contact , and also misses other details . so when your " old phone " allowed for multiple phone numbers with one contact while storing the data on sim , it must somehow have used multiple contacts , and displayed them in a kind of " merge view " ( had it used some own format to achieve this , your sim contacts would have become incompatible with other devices , so that approach is unlikely ) . while that would be doable on android as well , it is not a standard for good reasons : how to tell which contacts to merge ? by their name ? there might be multiple " john smith " entries , not necessarily pointing to the very same person . as long as there is no standard defined , implementations might differ and thus leading to different results – which is the most likely reason it is not done at all .
the plugin you are using is deprecated ; tasker now has built-in support for shell commands ( under misc-> run shell ) . you can use root with this also . edit : it is too bad that did not work for you : ( the last option i can think of is using secure settings plugin . this can run shell commands too , and has the option of returning stdout and stderr to tasker as well . good luck ! also make sure that in your superuser app you have set it to ask for permissions ( or even automatically grant it - turn that on , run tasker for it to get su permissions , then set it back to " ask" ) .
unfortunately , you really need root for this . from clocksync , google themselves have mentioned this : hi , it is by design that applications can not change the time . there are many subtle aspects of security that can rely on the current time , such as certificate expiration , license management , etc . we do not want to allow third party applications to globally disrupt the system in this way .
most likely it is a difference in the trrs layout of the headset . for example , i have two " similar " headsets , one that came with samsung galaxy s and another that came with samsung galaxy tab 10.1 . even though they look similar to the naked eye , if i use the galaxy s one with my tab , i only get mono sound due to a minor difference in the trrs layout . sometimes i can remedy this by pulling the jack a little out of the plug , but it is very tricky to keep it in the correct position . anyway , you should test the jack with different headsets to verify that there is no physical damage to the jack .
first are you talking about storing the music on your android device or on the google servers ? if you are planning on streaming music to your device from the google music play servers then you can not store your music in a lossless format see this page about formats on google play music , and notice this line : flac , ogg , and aac files are transcoded to 320kbps mp3 however , if you want to store the music locally on your device then your question makes more sense . there are a few ways to put alac music on your android device in flac keep your library in alac and convert songs to flac as you want them . then move the new flac files to your device . a program like max should be able to handle the conversion for you . convert all of your alac files to flac in place and then use fluke to enable flac playback support in itunes . what option you select depends on how much you like to keep your os free of plugins like fluke and how ofter you are moving music to and from your device .
as has been established in other answers , google 's play music program does not support files in alac . however , the m4a extension is used by several supported formats so play music will attempt to add these files to its library . unfortunately , when play music actually tries to play these files , it causes errors . one solution ( mentioned above ) is to re-encode the files into a supported format . if you want to keep alac files on your device for use by other players , you will need to prevent google play from seeing your alac/m4a files . after considerable research ( and a fruitless exchange with google support ) , i discovered that play music will respect " . nomedia " files . when a . nomedia file is placed in a folder , the media scanner will ignore ( recursively ) that folder . while there are several techniques for putting . nomedia files in place ( e . g . this list ) , studiokuma 's . nomedia manager is by far the easiest . warning : while this approach is able to hide the alac files from play music , it may hide your alac files from the player you want to use . in my case , rocket music player provides the option ( 1 ) to limit the library to specific music folders and ( 2 ) to ignore . nomedia files in those folders . this combination ( for me at least ) allowed me to keep and use my alac files without breaking play music ( which i use to access older mp3s synced to the cloud ) .
where do you got your music files ? if you rip them from a cd you can rip again to wav . i think both itunes and android player support it and wav is better than flac or alac , though is bigger size . if you insist keeping your current format , you can always try another player like flac player or golden ears for ipod/iphone/ipad , or poweramp for android . i personally use flac player in my ipod and poweramp in a sony nwz-z1060 ( android walkman ) . my current format for portable is flac and for desktop is wav . i am an audiophile , so i am very sensitive about file format . i still prefer flac for portable because the size difference between flac/alac and wav is very huge .
you cannot execute either binary or shell script that resides on the external sdcard due to the execute permission bit being blocked . either move the script temporarily to a location other than sdcard ( if you are not rooted - you are in a bit of a spot there . . . ) after reading the posting on xda , it would appear that something is amiss , notify the developer of that forum and post it there and see what response you get : ) edit : you have that external sdcard treated as mass-storage device . turn that off and see what happens ( had to read all of the thread and some one posted - see #18 there ! )
if you are literally sitting at the bootloader screen , the volume buttons will scroll between boot options and the power button will select . simply use the volume buttons until it has " start " selected and then press the power button to select it . this will boot your device normally . if for some reason it is stuck at the bootloader and will not accept input , removing the battery should be fine provided that you are not in the middle of executing a fastboot command of some kind . note that if you are getting a response of &lt;waiting for device&gt; from fastboot that it is not doing anything on the phone 's side . that means that it cannot communicate with the phone , and as such the bootloader itself is basically idle at that point . since you noted in a comment that you were concerned about the bootloader erasing things : the bootloader process in and of itself does not do this . the purpose of the bootloader is to allow you to boot into various different modes of the phone ( such as recovery and a normal boot ) . in the pc world a bootloader is often used to dual boot two different operating systems , with the bootloader menu being what allows a user to select which os they want . the only time that your data will be erased is when you execute the fastboot oem unlock or fastboot oem lock commands or if you explicitly erase a partition in some other way ( fastboot erase , for example ) . simply booting into your bootloader does not affect your data in any way .
i had exaclty the same problem . i use sony xperia z with jelly bean 4.3 the solution that worked for me is like this : 1 . stop contact autosync of google account . 2 . clear all data and cache of contact storage app . after this email app will not autocomplete with gmail contacts . the drawback is that the native gmail app will not autocomplete either . in general i believe this should be fixed in the next patch for android somehow to let me choose from which contacts i want autocomplete to pull . hope this helps ks
go to settings -> apps , swipe to all , scroll and press launcher , then select clear data . your home screen is as good as new : ) update : as suggested by chahk below , a good way to avoid cluttering your homescreen is by going to the play store then going to menu -> settings and un-checking the auto-add widgets option .
a quick google-fu , which took less than 2 seconds yielded this hit where i got the information from , fyi - keywords without quotes " android gps offline maps " possibly two that might be of interest - navfree navfree is a completely free navigation app that offers turn-by-turn directions , spoken and on-screen instructions , offline map use and address search and live search via google and microsoft bing , among many other features . the maps it uses are available for free download from the navfree store . the map data is stored on your device so there is no need for a constant data connection while driving . it also allows you to browse maps anytime , anywhere without paying for data connections , which means no costly roaming charges when abroad . and the other - mapdroyd mapdroyd features world-wide off-line maps powered by openstreetmap . experience true unplugged vector maps avoiding expensive network connections . apparently , there is a way to do this - as documented over on xda which enables you to create your offline maps for storage and to be used by the likes of google maps etc . . . hope it helps ! : )
you can accomplish this by disconnecting the stereo audio ( a2dp ) profile from your headset . this still keeps your headset paired with the hands-free profile . you can do this by opening bluetooth settings , long-pressing your attached device and unchecking stereo audio .
if the pairing settings keep reverting back to using both media and phone , try my app , soundabout . it lets you set the media audio , and phone call audio settings separately .
follow the following steps exactly . start up your rooted and unlocked nexus 7 . install " es file manager " from the play store . start " es file manager " and go to " settings\root settings " and tick all boxes . go to http://d-h.st/e57 and download the file from your nexus 7 . go to your "/sdcard/download/" folder . long press on the " media_profiles . xml . zip " file and select " extract to " . leave as default and hit " ok " . go to "/sdcard/download/media_profiles . xml/" long press on the " media_profiles_new-3fe47816232d5037339532623a9019f88d6ab143 . xml " file and select " rename " . rename it as " media_profiles . xml " . long press again , and select " copy " . navigate to "/etc/" and hit " paste " in the top bar ( 2nd last icon ) allow es file manager to overwrite the existing file . long press on " media_profiles . xml " and select " properties " ( might need to scroll down ) . tick every single box and apply . restart and launch your camera app and select video . then hit the circle in the bottom left and hit the settings button that appears in the middle of your screen . it should already read "720p hd " and you can press that to change between that and "480p " . any questions , please do not hesitate to ask !
this depends entirely on the oem and what features they decide to put in their devices . however , i have used a panorama feature since the beginning ( 2.3 gingerbread ) on my nexus s , and have had it all the way till my 4.2 galaxy nexus , so i can say that the stock android camera app has panorama , at least 2.3 onwards . beyond that , device specific panorama is dependent on the oem . you could always use third party apps , like this one , which supports android 2.1 and above .
i think uninstalling angry birds and then reinstalling it should fix the problem .
that means something 's wrong with the package setup . for your reference , here are a few links with more detailed information : android duplicate provider authority - stack overflow android duplicate provider authority problem - stack overflow angry birds seasons summer pignic now available | angrybirdsnest ( search for " duplicate provider " on this page , should appear around the middle ) duplicate provider authority error when installing k-9 mail - google groups recommendation : contact developer ( for security reasons both developers , in case somebody faked the signature ) . it is most likely a copy-and-paste error during the packaging process , so the developer might release a fixed update soon .
this may be count of new emails in your mailbox . there is a functionality that shows count on icons for email messages etc . some launchers are implemented it , and most of the new custiom roms also . btw please provide a screenshot for more accurate answer .
it is buggy . you should be able to fix it by clearing the data for the email app and/or any related apps ( sometimes there is an " email storage " app and so on ) .
i am looking at swype right now , and it is got a cogweel in the bottom left corner , which if pressed for more than 1 second gives you a choice of the input methods ( swype , android keyboard , others . . . ) http://i.stack.imgur.com/3jg4v.png
after some searching , it turns out this feature is provided by the sprint network ( although that does not rule out that other carriers/devices may provide similar functionality ) . the q and a at community . sprint . com points to the sprint connection optimizer , aka the " intelligent mobile network and wi-fi setting . " this setting " will automatically connect you to wi-fi networks on your device 's remembered list . " this setting can be enabled/disabled by navigating to settings > more settings > mobile networks > sprint connections optimizer .
what do you want it for ? there is 3 ways to get cifs client support on android : 3rd party apps implementing it themselves . many file managers ( e . g . astro , fx , etc . ) go this route . replacement kernel with cifs support compiled in or as a loadable module included . this is the most common route , ime with android phones . pre-built loadable module for the vendor 's kernel . this seems pretty rare , since the kernel interfaces can vary , and it can be difficult to find the right combination of compiler switches that yield the correct binary interface . with 2 and 3 , you still need some way of loading/activating the module and mounting shares . this might involve editing boot scripts or loading a 3rd party program ( e . g . mount manager ) to handle the mounting/unmounting . even then , not all your applications will nicely handle the paths to files on a network share . now , if you want to serve cifs shares out from your phone , that is a whole different ball of wax , and there is a number of apps in the market that will handle that .
here is a partial solution ( it does not copy widgets ) . you must save the adw settings as a backup in the free version , then restore them in the paid version . open adw launcher context menu > adwsettings > system > backup and restore > backup open adw launcher ex context menu > adwsettings > system > backup and restore > restore > ( choose the backup time stamp you just created ) context menu > adwsettings > system > restart adw now you will have to re-create your widgets .
actually your algorithm is right except one thing - you can not restore widgets if you are using android ics or older . this is limitation of os . from this post : note 2: if you unfortunately have an android device running anything prior to android 4.1 , the widgets will not be restored . and also from play store : -appwidget backup/restore ( only for android 4.1 and newer )
m3u files store playlists . the m3u files you are trying to run just has a list of urls to the radio stations . you can only play m3u files on your media player if the player supports playing them . try the live365 app . it works great for me . huge range of stations , both free and paid .
try tunein radio , it has both stations , and it is great ( and free ) !
this is a new ' feature ' in market version 3 . x , which got pushed out some time last year to gingerbread devices . if you have a rooted phone and really want the old behaviour back , uninstall the ' market updater ' and install android market 2.3.6 here 's an apk of it from my dropbox https://dl.dropbox.com/u/2302883/com.android.vending-5cbc09eeba96ab104fe111e029312f42.apk.gz
go to the login page , tap on " problems in signing " . enter your primary facebook email , skype will send a code to your email . copy it , go back to the skype app . tap on enter the key , paste the key in it . there is your skype account named facebook:your.name . tap on your facebook profile , tap sign in with facebook then facebook login page will appear and enter your login info .
if you were not successfull just using google , have a look in the android open source project aosp . you will find openssl and the answer to your question . there is a nice page which allows for very fast searches inside aosp : http://androidxref.com/source/
go into the wi-fi settings , press menu , choose advanced . you should get options including wi-fi sleep policy . sounds like its set to turn off wi-fi when the screen is off .
click on the row number in the first column . click the number again ; a menu should pop-up . click 4th button ; a menu should popup with the following options : insert above insert below
when in the message window , " long press " the image ( hold your finger down on the image for a second or two ) and a menu should pop up giving you the option to download or save the attachment . when you go to your gallery you will usually see attachments you have downloaded in a folder called " downloads " or " messaging . "
i have a galaxy s4 running android 4.2.2 in messaging in the message i have been sent a photo . . underneath it says mms i tap the photo and it goes fullscreen i tap the ( anachronistic floppy disk ) save icon i can rename it i hit ok and it responds with : attachment copied to device storage it is now saved to : internal storage/download i use dropbox to grab it from there it does not appear in my gallery : ( if i accidentally long-press i choose save attachment for the same thing
according to the openaos site , the archos 5 is supported . so i would think that there would be a download for an update package for that specific device . this is how others do it . the steps to install on any of the devices should be the same ( or close ) the only thing you would need is the install package . i could not find downloads on the openaos site .
the power button is handled at a very low level by something like a watchdog , so if it is not working , the problem is probably in hardware , not software . that means it probably needs physically replacing . take it to a repair shop and have them check it out . even if you do not think you did anything to break it , it could be the result of an earlier impact : e.g. it cracked the circuit board , but only after continued use has the crack broken the electrical circuit .
without root access on the device , probably nowhere . with root , most likely in /data/data/com.google.android.apps.magazines . if the app stores data on sdcard , it should be found below Android/data/com.google.android.apps.magazines .
digging into the packagemanagerservice class on grepcode ( warning : this class file is huge , your browser may chug a fair bit when rendering it ) , the optimizing message is displayed in the following context : here the value of com.android.internal.R.string.android_upgrading_apk is the string " optimizing application " . in layman 's terms , it loops through each application on the device , updates the message on the screen by calling showBootMessage() and then calls performDexOptLI() on the application . so naturally , the next question is " what does performDexOptLI() do ? " well here 's what that looks like : so this invokes the dexopt utility on all of the applications that need it . it is difficult to find any simple documentation regarding dexopt , but there is a high-level overview here . suffice it to say , it is being used by the just in time ( jit ) compiler to create optimized . dex files that help improve the performance of the apps on your device and it outputs them into the vm cache . the reason it stores the . dex files in the cache is because otherwise it would have to re-extract them any time you want to run the app ( the . apk is just an archive , it is not an executable file ! ) . thus , it makes sense to just keep them in the /data/dalivk-cache directory to reuse them , and dexopt performs some optimizations during the initial extraction while it is at it . tl ; dr ( or non-programmer summary , i guess ) : it is rebuilding the dalvik cache .
i have rebooted my phone and when i tried again it let me register . the account is linked to htcsense . com which seems odd as there is a message there saying that it is closing down its services !
good choice ( t-mobile ) . if your phone is unlocked you should be able to use your device with most carriers , especially the ones who activate service with a sim card . it is most likely because it is not registered yet , i would not see any reason otherwise . update i will agree with eldrerathis here . it is possible that the device cannot connect to the network correctly .
i wrote an app that might be able to help you - free busy silent mode . you can use the location feature in your office , and it shall auto silent/vibrate your phone when you are inside the radius
this is not built-in functionality , but it is something you could achieve with a trigger/event app such as tasker . this kind of app runs in the background , and lets you configure certain actions to take ( such as turning off the ringer ) when certain events occur ( such as seeing a particular wi-fi network ) . tasker 's not the only such app , but it is very complete and has some users who contribute to this site , which means that if you have questions setting it up you can probably get them answered here . see tasker .
i personally recommend automateit . not only can it achieve what you are wishing for , but it can also save you some battery life too . the app lets you scan surrounding cell towers in order to determine location . so in this manner you can silence your phone as soon as it connects to a nearby cell tower at your workplace . this way you save some juice by not having to keep your wifi on to determine location . give it a try , and if you love it enough , upgrade to the pro version to make fancier rules that can better suit your needs .
the llama - location profiles application should help too . this application uses phone masts around you to determine your location and switch profiles . llama uses phone masts to determine your location , so that you can change your ringer , vibrate and ringtones depending on where you are as well as the time of day . llama provides you with sound profiles so you can quickly switch between quiet , loud , silent and normal sound settings . you can set your family , wife and children to ring even if your phone is set to silent ! you can create events and home screen shortcuts to manage your sound profiles and more : -silence your phone at work -turn your bluetooth on ready to connect your headset for a morning run -set your phone quiet when it is late at night and you have not gone out -start the music player when a headset is connected
look under settings / applications / memory then narrow down to " running " , and see what is taking room . before i found " running " , i noticed that nfs shift and let 's golf took a very large amount of " memory " ( akin to disk space ) so uninstalled them . then under running , i could see if there were any things running that i did not want , in my case skype was running ( i use the chat ) , imo was running ( i use the chat ) , etc . but if i would have found things i did not want running i would see what i could do with them .
the best solution is to swap the ' storage memory 's ' . it is to swap internal to external and external to internal . if your phone 's rooted it may be easy just to edit a file ( depending on the model ) . so better search How to Swap Internal and External for your model . better search xda forums .
no , there is no way to increase internal memory ; this is installed at the factory and is fixed . you can , however , free up existing space on your internal memory by removing apps , cleaning out caches and deleting end user files that are stored there . modifying stock apps ( ie , removing bloatware ) usually requires a rooted device , and will prevent you from receiving over the air updates as well as most likely voiding your warranty .
the skype application description in the market lists the list of devices that supports video calling . as of skype 2.5.0.108 , video calling is supported on these tablets : samsung galaxy tab 7 ( wifi , verizon , sprint , plus ) htc flyer samsung galaxy tab 10.1 ( t-mobile ) acer iconia tablet ( a500 ) motorola xoom acer iconia smart devices that are not listed may still be able to do video calling , but skype says that the video quality may not be as good as on supported devices . check out skype 's application description page for the latest list of supported devices .
when i plug my s3 into my windows 7/8 computers ( after installing kies to get the drivers ) , it just shows up as a " portable media player " under my computer and is easily accessible . if yours is not , and you have tried more than one computer , then i suspect more than just the screen on the s3 is broken .
while the permission might make sense , the explanation does not at all . to my knowledge , READ_PHONE_STATE has nothing at all to do with a firewall or networking . it is a read permission ( so what could that have to do with passing a firewall ? ) , giving access to your imei/imsi and phone number lets the app figure out whether a call is in progress if a call is in progress , gives access to the phone number of the remote device i bet the app has the INTERNET permission as well ( confirmed as per google play link you provided ) . the app is free of charge . minimum android version is 2.0 , so READ_PHONE_STATE was not forced on it ( it is enforced for android versions up to 1.6 ) . so i rather assume it carries some ad module which requires this permission : the combination of INTERNET and READ_PHONE_STATE is very common to those ( it needs to obtain the ad information , and most likely uses your imei to identify you -- in a positive sense , to see what ads have already been shown ; but of course it could as well be used otherwise ) . if you have already installed that app , you can verify this using e.g. lookout ad network detector or trustgo ad detector . you could also check with addons detector to see if it carries any other module piggie-back ( e . g . for analytics , which again would explain READ_PHONE_STATE to identify your device ) . second thought : why would that app need to get through the phone 's firewall ( if there were any ) ? is not it supposed to do connections to the outside ? if that would require anything else but the INTERNET permission , what should the INTERNET permission stand for ?
you should be able to set the lock screen in Settings &gt; Lock screen &gt; Screen security .
try setting - - > personalize - - > lock screen style
this module for xposed framework should do the trick if your device is rooted . install xposed installer . run xposed installer and use it to install xposed framework . it is a two-tap operation followed by a reboot . find the app settings module in xposed installer , install and enable it . reboot device . click the module in xposed installer to show its gui . you will be presented with available features , including changing app locale .
you have to actually open the app from the launcher icon to get it to show up in your recent apps . another case of it not showing up is when you access it via the notification bar when you click on your email notifications .
if you have not opened the application in a while , it will naturally disappear from the list of recent apps . try opening it with the widget and then going back to the home screen . if gmail is once again under you list of recent apps , you just have not opened it in a while . if it does not appear at all , then the widget you are using does not add gmail as a recent app .
it does not work with my hp wireless printer :- ( at the moment google cloud print requires a pc connected to the printer - hardware manufacturers are supposedly going to release printers with the software built in - but seeing as the software is nowhere near complete . . . it could be years and you will need a new printer ! the hp printer has its own method for mobile printing though . hp have a system where you send a special address your documents as email attachments and the printer will print them . the same printer works fine with iphone directly . my wife just taps print and it prints her documents . . . i think android needs to get printing using existing standards asap .
judging from other apps , i would suspect the answer to be samsung printers only . that being said , hp has eprint , but google 's cloud print offers printing for older models of printers as well regardless of make .
it does require a samsung printer . from the android market description : compatible with samsung wireless and networked printers only thanks for mentioning the app . it did not come pre-installed on my phone and i do have a samsung wireless printer .
there is really no way to answer this question . there are devices out there that got to version 1.6 and are at the end of the line . i have a droid with froyo ( 2.2 ) and do not expect to get any more os updates . it all depends on the hardware and , most importantly , how much effort the manufacturers and/or carriers want to put in to update the device . if the past is any indication , the answer there is " not much " . they seem much more interested in selling their new phones . while google and the manufacturers recently met and said that there will be more of an effort to support and update devices for at least 18 months , we have not seen the results of that . while they occasionally backpedal on announcements of " no more updates " it has not been very frequent . if past performance is any indication , i think you can expect a few point releases , and perhaps a full release ( to version 4.0 ) but beyond that i do not think is going to happen . this is , of course , speculation , and this is now a fairly long non-answer answer to an unanswerable question .
follow them , then go to their profile and star them ( it is next to the follow button ) . you will now get notifications whenever they tweet .
if you have wifi access in your place and the tablet is rooted , you can try adbwireless to see if adb runs well in your tablet . if it works then the problem may be your broken usb cable or usb connector .
are you in the groups permission to access this , on mine ( arch 64bit ) its and my user id is under the group called ' androiddev ' to add your user id to the group , sudo usermod user_id -G androiddev -a
according to steve kondik , this is essentially old code that is leftover from older versions of cyanogenmod : this was only here for apps that were statically linked against uclibc in old cm versions . it can likely just be removed . however , he also goes on to note : also , this file is not written when connecting to a network as /system is readonly . the actual dns servers are read from system properties . i also just verified that the dhcp supplied servers are actually being used , so this issue is invalid unless someone proves otherwise . so the values in /etc/resolv.conf actually do not reflect your dns settings . what you can do instead is use getprop to find your dns values . you can pare it down rather nicely if you grep the output like so : getprop | grep dns  also worth noting : the /etc/resolv.conf file appears to have been removed completely in later versions of cyanogenmod . i do not have one on cm10 at all , but getprop does correctly show my dns settings .
multiple triggers are supported on automateit pro : http://automateitapp.com/index.php/user-guide-2/composite-triggers-actions-pro-version-only/ as of version 3.0.54 ( released on feb 2013 ) , you can unlock pro features from within the free version . read here how to unlock features : http://automateitapp.com/new-release-rich-notification-unlock-pro-features-and-more/
it is entirely possible for a malicious app to become available through it . however , the same can be said for any other software distribution system . the app store is not immune to sneaky devs either . never assume that any software distributor offers 100% safe software . whether you are using windows , osx , ios , android , linux , unix , freebsd , or any os , the only person who should be responsible for your security is you , yourself . when installing software , make sure that you trust the vendor and the app itself , regardless of how much you trust the supplier . if you trust rovio , then angry birds is going to be just as safe on ios as it is on android , or any other platform it is available on .
we do not compare apples with peaches . but it is always a good idea to be careful what you install . true , google play is to be considered one of the safest sources for android apps . still , some malware sneaks in every now and then . so you should use some common sense before hitting the " install " button . things to look at include ( but might not be restricted to ) : what permissions are required ? though not always easy to decide , there are some things which can count as indicators – e.g. taking a simple calculator app , it certainly does not need access to your contacts , calendars , system settings , etc . how is it rated ? i am not talking about " naked numbers " , but check the comments . they might give you useful hints on whether it is safe to install . also , an app installed several thousands of times with no traces of maliciousness in the comments should be considerably safer than an app with almost no installs and no comments . should it be a very popular app , but only has few installs ? that is in most cases a clear indicator for malware , hiding behind a popular name . better keep your hands off those . aside of that : in case you are still unsure , pick a good forum and ask . another good idea is to check other apps from the same developer ( just follow the link on his name ) , and use above criteria on them .
there may be malicious apps on google play , but google will detect them , remove them and issue a remote uninstall command that will remove it from your device . there may be malicious apps , but they will be gone within a day .
anyone who has any experience programming and working on both android and ios apps can tell you that there are most certainly malicious apps on the play store . here 's the deal : in order to publish your app to apple 's app store you have to submit it to apple for review . oh , and you also have to pay them $99 per year and jump through some other hoops . either way , apple goes through your app 's code line by line ( or at least that is what they claim ) and verify there is not malicious code . as a lot of devs can tell you , it is not hard to get an app rejected and not all that uncommon to have to resubmit . the end result is that the apple app store is about as safe as it gets . not perfect , but as far as safety it does not get much safer . now , if i develop and app for android i can basically just upload it to the play store . i will need to create a developer account , but that is all i have to do . if my app contains known viruses or malware google will eventually catch it and remove it from the app store . the important thing to keep in mind about android is that it really is closer to windows in that you can easily mess around and download an app or apps that can steal your personal information , slow your system down due to poor design or ads , and any number of other things . my best advice is to pay very close attention to an apps permissions and if in doubt just do not install it . also , even if you do not usually read reviews on ios devices , i would recommend that you at least take a look at the reviews for any lesser known android app you are considering installing . you can find out pretty quickly if the app has been causing other users problems with their devices . for this reason , i would not recommend just indiscriminately downloading every single app that looks interesting on android . you really should be savvy enough to pay attention and protect yourself . in addition to programming i have also worked for a few years in the mobile industry and i can tell that i hated to see older users get androids because they would end up with so much crap on their phone and then wonder why it did not work the way they wanted . if this is you , then you maybe you should go with apple . if you do not mind paying attention to what you are doing then android will treat you very well ! hope this helps .
it is possible for there to be malicious apps on google play . however , there are a number of things that you can do to protect yourself : check the permissions that an app requests when installing . if it looks excessive for what the app does , then you can email the developer and ask why they need the permissions they ask for . most developers should be happy to do this , although it may take a while to get a response . look at the amount of downloads and reviews . if it does not have many downloads then be more cautious . it does not however , mean that the app is malicious , just that you need to check more yourself . if it has a lot of 1-2 star reviews then i would probably stay clear as well . if it is a popular app ( such as need for speed , riptide gp etc . ) that is normally a paid for app , but you find a free version then be very careful . a common tactic by malware authors is to pose as popular apps but actually they install malware on your device . essentially you have to use common sense . if in doubt do not install the app . google does have a system called bouncer which scans all apps uploaded to the play store which has reduced the amount of malicous apps but it is not 100% guaranteed .
this is definitely due incompatibilites between the ril and the baseband/modem firmware . the ril or the radio-interface layer are the libraries ( shared-objects ) that allow the phone to talk with the modem firmware . i found this issue on the cyanogemod jira : https://jira.cyanogenmod.org/browse/cyan-2172 if you read the comments , you will see that people have solved this issue by flashing a compatible firmware . since i am now running cyanogenmod 11 , i dug around xda and found a leaked 4.4 firmware for my device . it was packed in a cwm-flashable zip so i flashed it and voila . please remember to backup your device , your current modem/baseband and the ril files . flashing a new ril is not necessary always but helps .
its the data option you need to dial ##data# and touch edit then enter your 6 digit msl codeyou get from your carrier . then touch more then touch hdr/1x selection . from there you chose your preferred method it probably was on evdo only but check cdma or cdma lte if you get 4g . now you touch back button til you asked to recycle phone after that you should see signal bar once restarted . hope this helps .
this is usually because you have very low signal ( ie no bars ) but are still connected to the network . does it ever show any signal bars or is it just when you are in certain locations ? can you provide a screenshot of the status page ( go to settings > about > status ) which shows the signal strength ? this might help to see how much signal you have . edit : your signal strength values look way off . . . on my nexus 4 ( and all other android devices i have owned ) these values are more like -85dbm 14asu did you flash a new radio when you went to cyanogenmod ? i would suggest looking for the latest radio available for your device ( probably start on xda ) and see if that makes any difference .
looks like this feature was disabled in the latest version of swype : http://forum.swype.com/archive/index.php/t-6439.html phargarten 06-22-2012 , 11:16 am hey swypers , we have changed the delete behavior a bit -- and while it took me a day to get used to it , i have to say it has sped up my swyping a bit . so here 's a couple changes we have made to the deletion behavior : pressing delete after swyping a word will delete the entire word . we find that swype is rarely off by a little . if we do not guess the word you want , you probably want to delete the whole word and swype again , rather than deleting a few characters . so delete after a swyped word will delete the entire word . for this reason , the long press " delete word back " function has been removed . remember , you can always press the swype key to highlight the word next to the cursor . swype another word to replace the highlighted text . cheers and happy swyping ! peter@swypesupport
if you are under mac os x you can use " network link conditioner " . you can install it in xcode from : xcode > open developer tool > more developer tools it will open a ressources web page from apple ( you may need to login ) . in the resources list , search for the latest " hardware io tools " and download it . then install " network link conditioner " , it will add an option in your mac preference pane . the idea is to get your mac on ethernet . share its connection on wifi . limit the traffic with network link conditionner . and connect your android on your mac wifi . edit : it seems squid-cache support network throttling . http://www.tldp.org/howto/bandwidth-limiting-howto/index.html
what version of android you currently have on your nexus device ? i have ( i think ) exactly the same device , as you ( asus nexus 7 ii ( 2013 ) lte ) and three days ago it was upgradred from 4.3.0 to 4.4.2 KitKat ( i issued manual upgrade , by connecting to wifi network and going to Settings &gt; About phone &gt; System Updates ) . after upgrade , option you are referring to ( Settings &gt; Wireless &amp; networks &gt; More &gt; Mobile Networks &gt; Use only 2G networks ) has been changed to Preferred network with options : 4G , 3G and 2G . now you can fully control , which kind of network your tablet access and you can limit it to use only 3G networks ( second option ) , which has full fallback to 2G network , if 3G one is not accessible in your area .
it would seem like this might also be possible on other devices through *#*#4636#*#* as per http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1230000000545/ch07.html#_3gpp_and_3gpp2_partnerships and stackexchange-url which opens up com.android.settings.TestingSettings , which then has an option to Set preferred network type within Phone info .
if the problem is that it will not charge is because the usb port is broken . maybe through pocket lint or broken charger . anyway i advise trying wireless charging
quick answer : /storage/emulated/&lt;user_id_number&gt;  details : unless possibly exploring the file-system with root permissions , the primary user cannot copy the files around . it is easiest for the restricted user to use a file explorer or some wifi uploader , like airdroid , to upload the needed files from his or her account . i will experiment and report more later , but for now , use airdroid or similar from the restricted account to upload the needed files .
they are stored in /mnt/shell/emulated/  i have just created a restricted profile and it created a new folder in there with the name "10" , the main admin users folder is "0" . you should be able to copy the files into the relevant place within these folders to get mine craft to pick them up . ( this was done on the 2012 nexus 7 but i do not think it will be any different )
i had a similar problem with subway surfers . i finally found that profile data was under : /data/user/&lt;user_id_number&gt;  hope this helps .
yes , most manufacturers ( afaik including htc , as i had this experience with my evo 4g ) will have the ota update break if the device is rooted . this may have changed , but to my knowledge , ota will not work after root . however , devices can be unrooted , however , some are easier than others , and the process is different for most devices . please note that most unrooting methods require a full wipe . thus is the nature . however , if i can give you a bit of personal advice , custom roms can usually give you the features of an ota update and much , much more ; )
i was frustrated for a long time with the same problem . an app called wifi fixer seems to have fixed it . hope that helps you too .
please note : it is advised to follow this method only if you know what is root and agree that you are doing this at your own risk . i do not hold credit for this technique as this method has been taken from here and 100% credit goes to the respective author . requirements : a rooted android phone . busybox installed on your device . cygwin installed to [ c:\cygwin ] with pv and util-linux from the repo . make sure to open cygwin once to make sure that the /bin folder is created . also , i made a folder at [ c:\cygwin\nexus ] to put the exported . raw file . netcat ( download the zip file and extract nc . exe to [ c:\cygwin\bin ] ) . adb ( make sure adb . exe is in your path ) . enable usb debugging in your device . for android 4.0 and above do it from : settings > developer options > usb debugging . for android 2.3 and below do it from : settings > application > development > usb debugging . vhd tool put the vhdtool . exe file in [ c:\cygwin\nexus ] . piriform recuva or your favorite data recovery tool , ( it appears recuva only finds the more common file types like images , videos , etc . those were the file types in which i was interested . if you are after more exotic file types perhaps you might share the software you used ) . the process in short : this has been tested on samsung galaxy nexus though this should work for any phone with internal memory . we will be using a windows 7 machine to : back up the entire internal memory partition to your computer as a single , massive . raw file , convert the . raw file output to a vhd , mount the vhd as a disk in disk manager , scan the attached vhd volume for files that have been deleted and recover them . actual work to do : it is recommended that you choose to recover your entire memory block instead of just the data partition . in this case that is mmcblk0 . for our purpose here we are seeking to recover the userdata partition : /dev/block/mmcblk0p12 turn on your phone . connect the phone in adb mode . unlock the screen . open a cygwin terminal and enter ( this assumes your busybox installation is at [ /system/bin/busybox ] . it may be at [ /system/xbin/busybox ] ) : adb forward tcp:5555 tcp:5555 adb shell /system/bin/busybox nc -l -p 5555 -e /system/bin/busybox dd if=/dev/block/mmcblk0p12 open another cygwin terminal and enter : adb forward tcp:5555 tcp:5555 cd /nexus nc 127.0.0.1 5555 | pv -i 0.5 > mmcblk0p12 . raw for 16gb or 32gb internal memory this process is going to take 2 to 3+ hours respectively . we need to convert the . raw file to a virtual hard drive . vhdtool . exe basically just puts a vhd footer on the end of the . raw file . open a windows command prompt , go to [ c:\cygwin\nexus ] , and type : vhdtool . exe /convert mmcblk0p12 . raw now we need to mount the vhd in windows . select the start button--> right-click computer--> select manage . select storage--> disk management . in the menu select action--> attach vhd . for location enter [ c:\cygwin\nexus\mmcblk0p12 . raw ] and select the ok button . right-click on the name ( e . g . " disk 1" ) to the left of the unallocated space and select initialize disk . select the gpt ( guid partition table ) radio button and select the ok button . right-click on the unallocated space and select new simple volume . . . in the wizard select next> , leave the default for the volume size , select next> , select a drive letter ( e . g . k ) , select next> , make sure to select the ' do not format this volume ' radio button , select next> , select finish . a box will pop up asking you to format the drive . you do not want to format the drive at this time . right-click on the raw space and select format . . . make sure to change the file system to fat32 . set the allocation unit size dropdown to ' default . ' make sure that the perform a quick format checkbox is checked . you do not want to overwrite the entire new drive with all zeroes ( 0 's ) and destroy your data . quick format means that it will only attempt to destroy the index for the drive by establishing a new index . without this box checked the windows operating system will write zeroes ( 0 's ) across the entire volume , potentially destroying your data . select the ok button . a box will pop up saying that formatting this volume will erase all data on it . that would be doubly true if you actually did not check the ' perform a quick format ' checkbox . double check that you actually did check the box and select the ok button . ( do not worry . this essentially leaves the volume in the exact same state that your phone 's internal memory is living in right now : there is data on the drive . . . you just can not see it . it is coming back , i promise ! ) open the recuva application . in the wizard select the ' next > ' button . select the ' other ' radio button and select next > . select the ' in a specific location ' radio button and enter : k:\ ( assuming k is the drive letter you chose . . . ) select the next > button . select the enable deep scan checkbox . this is the magical setting that finds files that have been deleted . . . but not really deleted . select the start button . finally the application may take about an hour to do the ' deep scan . ' it is time for more laps around the house ! once the application has returned its results you can choose which files to recover using the checkboxes . select the ' recover . . . ' button and choose the location to which you wish to output your files . old answer : it was about restoring files via yodot android data recovery software . this does not work for nexus 4 or any such devices which use mtp for managing files on pc .
if she does not use gprs , then best is to disable mobile data usage but if you do not want to completely disable gprs , then here is an article which shows how can you limit mobile data usage . disable or limit mobile data usage here are couple of apps to monitor and control you mobile data usage control mobile data app
you are probably having a problem using your device because of lack of internal space for running programs . you can use a very low level , low resource on the android to remove programs . install the android sdk package and use it to uninstall some of your apps to regain internal memory . you can even use it to back up the apps on your computer so that after you have your android working again you can choose which ones to put back . a good gui program for managing your apps and deleting files from your android is airdroid . however , you might not be able to install airdrod until you have made space using the android sdk package . you can start out with these commands : ( you will have to activate debugging from the settings menu in the android to use this option ) this give a list of all the packages : $ adb shell pm list packages  you can remove an app by running : $ adb uninstall [apt-name]  you can use the "-k " option to retain your data/cache in case you will be reinstalling the app after you have gotten your android functioning . you can us this command to see how much memory you have . this will allow you to know when you have retrieve sufficient memory to operate normally . it'll also allow you to identify better , if the memory is really your issue . $ adb shell cat /proc/meminfo  you can look at is it possible to backup apk from an installed application ? for more tips on using the adb command .
short answer you cannot do that without having your device rooted , as the file permissions will not allow you to list contents there . you will be able to change into /data/data , but you will not see a single thing there . longer explanation while one might be able to access /data/data without root ( i.e. . change into that directory ) , permissions are set to forbid listing its contents : this is what happens on a device without root ( output created just now on my cat stargate 2 running android 4.1.1 ) . repeating the same on my htc wildfire running cm9 ( android 4.0.4 ) and having root access enabled looks a little different , and should give us the wanted details ( output cut to the necessary stuff ) : adb shell root@android:/ # ls -l /data drwxrwx--x system system 2013-02-27 02:01 data  as it is clearly shown , /data/data is owned by the user system group system , with this user and group being the only having full read/write/execute access . everybody else only has execute permission , enabling all processes to change into that directory . this is necessary for the apps to access their data : they know their package names , and such an app named com.foo.bar can directly jump to /data/data/com.foo.bar which it owns and has full access to .
simply use a file manager app like androzip file manager keep in mind that you cannot edit the files if you do not have root access . it is not harmful only to read the files though .
you can do it with es file explorer ( only if your device is rooted ) step 1: press menu button --> select root explorer step 2: ( a prompt will popup for giving super user permission ) allow permission step 3: ( another pop-up ) click on mount r/w , by default there is read permission ( do this only if you need to write something , else leave it ) step 4: access any system folder
turn off any battery saver app , as i selected the wifi sleep mode to never , but it kept switching off , i then uninstalled the battery saver app . . voila now skype works un-interrupted .
normally skype should stay connected on both networks , wifi or 3g . and it should also stay connected when your phone goes to sleep . so there are two things that could be your problem : 1- maybe your provider is blocking skype from the 3g network , in this case follow @matthew read answer : settings -> wireless and network -> wi-fi settings -> then press the menu button , choose advanced , and change the wi-fi sleep policy to " never " . 2- make sure that the background data usage is enabled in settings -> data synchronization -> background data . if not , applications are not allowed to use data while the phone is on sleep .
android shuts of wifi after a certain time by default , sometimes as little as 15 seconds after the phone is locked . to change the timeout period , go to : Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Wi-Fi settings  then press the menu button , choose advanced , and change the wi-fi sleep policy to " never " .
seems to be caused by same problem that drains my galaxy ace battery . i noticed when to turn off all data connections ( wifi , packet ( 2g/3g - no difference ) ) to save battery then the phone will actually drain battery ~2-3 times faster than with data on mode because it will not go to idle mode anymore . i suspect there are some system service witch uses data connections and prevents phone to go idle mode . but i have no idea , what it is , i have already switch off all google services ( background data , location service ) , all syncing , all apps , trying different software versions ( 2.3.4 , 2.3.5 , 2.3.6 with factory reset ) but no result . because there are extremely few information about that problem , i suggest that it related only with samsung software for few galaxy devices .
also happened on my samsung infuse . it took me awhile to realize what the problem was . and also as you stated it never used to do it , only about the time the warranty expired . but yeah disabling my data while at work ( which is a low signal 3g zone ) fixed the problem .
it looks like your phone tries to build a 3g connection only if packet data is enabled . after all , 2g is just fine for voice and texts . but unsuccessfully trying to create a connection when there is no network costs a lot of power . in my experience , phones normally cope just fine with that . my theory is that the 2g signal normally contains some sort of flag that indicates whether there is also a 3g signal . the 2g repeater would incorrectly send this flag -- possibly because the tower it gets its signal from sends it too . thus your phone wastes energy trying to connect to a signal that only exists somewhere else . if you cannot ( or do not want to ) replace the repeater by a more sophisticated model , you should turn off 3g altogether while in your office . gsm phones have a setting in Wireless &amp; networks -> Mobile networks -> Network Mode that lets you switch between wdcma ( 3g ) and gsm ( 2g ) . i do not know what the setting looks like on a cdma phone . you can probably automate this with tasker if you do want to use 3g where it is possible . alternatively you could use a widget to change the setting manually without having to go to the settings menu . one app that provides a widget for this is widgetsoid .
i had same problem and fixed this way : go to google sync and activate , then download an app named " ds battery saver . " since then , my google services no longer consume battery as it did . i think it is because it could not go into sleep mode . this app allows it to go to sleep . i have been using since then and it resolved my problems . before this , with my galaxy on idle , it only lasted 12 hours or so . that is without the screen on or making phone calls . it is an android bug has nothing to do with wifi . my wifi was always off , and still it drained all my battery .
all you need is an app locker app . there are many app lockers in play store . just , search . i would recommend smart app protector ( i use its pro version which is great ) . use it to lock google docs app .
in froyo and later , there is a " cursor handle " that you can grab and drag to the right location . now this photo doesnt show it , but the actual cursor is still there blinking too . that handle will also bring up a quick action menu to select text or paste . and once text is selected , you can copy and cut too .
multiling keyboard has arrow keys in there somewhere .
this depends on the phone you are using , on my spica , for example , i can use the directional keypad to adjust the position of the cursor . on phones that have trackballs , the trackball does the same job . otherwise , the backspace key can be used as a workaround for left-arrow key ( delete a few chars , then retype the word you are inserting and retype the deleted chars . another alternative , if you are typing in english or in one of the supported languages , you can try swype . swype is a word-based text input ( as opposed to character based ) , and you typically delete or swipe one word at a time and the correction mode ( double tap on the word you want to correct and pick or swipe the new word ) make correcting errors a breeze .
providing this as an answer for those who do not want to install a custom rom and want something close to the stock soft keyboard . i installed anysoft keyboard ( found it on this question ) . the android market does not have the current screenshots , but here 's one that shows the small left/right arrows at the top of the keyboard :
the samsung keyboard and the swype keyboard have arrow keys you can use for this ; see this question .
summing up the solution from above comments : fixing up the possibly broken build.prop file you do not need to mount your sdcard to revert your changes . if you can boot into recovery , and access the device via adb shell , you can do so and replace your edited build.prop file with the backup copy you have created ( using the cp command ) , thus restoring the state of before your edit . example , assuming you have named your backup build.prop.bak and placed it in the same place as the original : keep in mind the file ends with " prop " , which is short-hand for " properties " -- not " prob " as short-hand for " probabilities : ) if it still not boots : uninstall the last app installed as the first part did not solve the problem here , it might be the app installed ( facebook home in our case ) is causing trouble on the device it was not intended for . so let 's kick it out . boot into recovery again , get your adb ready , and # uninstall the app # adb shell pm uninstall &lt;package_name&gt; adb shell pm uninstall com.facebook.home # reboot the device adb reboot  this finally solved it . as a factory-reset was done , how was the app able to survive that ? this was an after-thought to the entire issue . a possible explanation lies in the fact that the factory-reset complained about the sdcard not being able to mount . so if parts of the app got installed to the card , they might have survived there . unlikely as this is ( after all , apps on sdcard should not be able to cause boot issues , as the card is mounted only after boot_completed ) , i see no other explanation ( comments welcome , i can include them here if wished for ) . this lead to another question : should i remove the external sd card to protect it from factory reset ? normally , a factory reset should not touch the external sdcard . but " better safe than sorry": if it should not be touched normally , it should not matter whether it is in the device or not , so it should not hurt to remove it before the factory reset . however : if you use ( d ) app2sd , there is a special directory called .android_secure on the sdcard holding the ( encrypted ) parts of the " moved apps " . after a factory reset . the system does not know of them -- so when re-installing such an app , it might lead to problems . thus when removing the card before doing a factory reset , make sure to remove the .android_secure directory from the card ( using a card reader and your computer ) before re-inserting it again .
shoppingcalc does this pretty simply if you are willing to live without the barcode scanning ( i like the zero-clutter interface ) .
a quick google search returned tomarket . it looks like its original purpose and design is for groceries but you can use it for any type of item . the description says it supports bar codes and lets you put items with prices and quantity in the cart and gives you a final total . sounds like exactly what your looking for based on the question . it looks like a nice app , i am downloading it now for myself . edit : this app is actually pretty cool , it has some default items when you first open it but if you go over to the " need " tab it is blank . when you add an item it gives quite a few details you can add to it , including whether or not it is taxable . i also noticed there is a feature to export your lists or to share it with others via sms or email .
i have suggested springpad ( their website and on appbrain ) as a good note-taking app but it would serve this purpose well too . especially since it has a scanning feature and web-sync .
well , since no one answered , i will answer with what i eventually figured out . i just installed a new music player , because i hate samsung 's . i used widgetlocker to put widgets on my lockscreen , and phantom music control to get a better-looking widget to put on my lockscreen .
if your phone is rooted you can solve this via a shell command : mount -o bind [ path to new location ] /mnt/sdcard/android/data/com . google . android . music/ ( replace [ path to new location ] with a folder on your external sd-card ) it will basically redirect every access to the default folder to the folder which is specified . you probably need to do this every time you reboot your phone , so you may be interested in putting a script which does that into autostart . source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1785245page=2
i found that i was just able to use a couple of sym-links to solve this problem . all you need is a rooted device . i have written up a simple guide here : http://charleswilkinson.co.uk/2013/07/24/using-external-sd-card-with-google-play-music-app/ however as requested , here is a summary for posterity : prerequisites : your phone must be rooted . you must have a terminal emulator installed . you must have a file explorer app installed . you should know what a terminal is . read here to learn what a sym-link is . steps : go to settings > applications > google play music . ‘force stop’ the app and clear all app data . open your file explorer of choice and create a directory ( folder ) on your external sd card called ‘googlemusic’ . inside this directory create two more : ‘files’ and ‘cache’ . open terminal emulator and enter the command : su - the superuser app will ask you to grant root privileges . hit ‘allow’ . enter the following commands in order : cd /data/data/com . google . android . music ln -s /mnt/external_sd/googlemusic/cache cache ln -s /mnt/external_sd/googlemusic/files files you’re done !
the sdk needs to be run as admistrator to be able to write those files . just retry and run it with elevated rights .
if you only want apps backed up , i recommend titanium backup . it requires root . its backup will be saved to /mnt/sdcard/TitaniumBackup/ , you can copy that folder to your computer just in case your card gets formatted . if you use clockworkmod / nandroid , do the same thing ( copy the /mnt/sdcard/clockworkmod/backup folder to your pc afterwards ) . the only real caveat is that you should flash the rom you had when the backup was done before restoring the backup . if the rom you flashed afterward was significantly different , restoring without first reflashing the previous rom can brick the phone .
this is indeed a question to stackoverflow . i asked a very similar question about a week ago , and basically , the answer is no , to implement that you will have to dig very deep into the code . see here for more . hope it fits your question .
edit : apparently download and recovery modes are merged for the g1 . just press alt-l on your physical keyboard while in download mode , and recovery will show up . what you are seeing is download mode . the key combination is usually subtly different . in the case of my phone , it is just a matter of having the phone connected to usb or not . you should try it with and without usb , as well as removing the battery and doing a fresh boot . ( you can also remove the battery , plug into usb , and reinsert the battery and try ) . also try other keys -- you already know using back instead gets you to that device info screen .
everything i read suggests i need to boot into recovery mode as a first step , if you are using samsung spica ( and probably most other samsung phones , not sure about other phones ) , the general idea of rooting/installing-custom-rom is that the very first time you flash your rom , you need to do it in download mode . this first flashing uses the system that samsung itself uses . this first flash will usually install clockworkmod custom recovery , which will replace the phone 's original recovery mode with a much more featureful version . once you have clockworkmod 's recovery , then you can install any rom in the clockwork 's . zip file format ; nearly all ( or all ? ) modded android are distributed as a clockwork . zip format .
where are you hearing this ? the nexus s can absolutely support video chat , it has a front-facing camera . whether a video chat app supports the nexus s is a different question . google talk is supposed to support video chat in honeycomb , hopefully it will be released for gingerbread and support the nexus s as well . the nexus s can not take hd video due to software restrictions , from everything i have read ( example ) . i think it just was not prioritized since the nexus s is a " developer phone " . ( if you meant to ask if it can play hd video the answer is yes , depending on the format and such ) .
after a lot of searching i found this nice little program which does exactly what i was asking for : easy graph from bh soft . nothing fancy but what is does it seems to do well . the developer should add more chart types , for sure , but at the moment it allows me to enter , save and chart different sets date + value pairs in a line chart .
ireader : marketplace = any 3rd party seller . no dedicated marketplace format = txt , chm , pdb ( ereader , mobipocket ) , umd ( popular chinese ebook format ) , html and image files about = real book page flip / auto-scrolling in cover mode / support font file / separate day and night theme sets / customizable action for side volume keys .
laputa : marketplace = project gutenberg , manybooks , avayewn + internal bookshelf format = epub about = recommendation / chinese supported / rss / brightness adjustment / display awake control / save to sd card / page flip animation / customizable fonts / day night modes / search / user defined categories
moon+ reader : marketplace - any 3rd party seller . no dedicated marketplace format - supports txt , html , epub , fb2 , umd and zip files . about - full visual options : line space , font scale , shadow , alignment , alpha colors , fading edge and more . 10+ themes embedded , includes day and night mode switcher . various types of paging : touch screen , volume keys or even camera , search or back keys . 21 customized operations ( screen click , swipe gesture , hardware keys ) , apply to 15 customized events : search , bookmark , themes , navigation , font size and more . 5 auto-scroll modes : rolling blind mode ; by pixel , by line or by page . real-time speed control . adjust the brightness by sliding your finger along the left edge of the screen . intelligent paragraph ; trim unwanted blank spaces options . “keep your eyes health” options for long-time reading . real page turning effect . my bookshelf design : favorites , downloads , authors , tags ; self bookcover , search , import supported . highlight , annotation , dictionary , share functions . additional features include :
areader : marketplace - feedbooks , manybooks , gutenberg , smashwords format - epub , pdf ( with a pluggin ) , txt , chm , about - areader is a good alternative to other readers , it supports the major formats and is easy to use . you can left a book half-read and when you return the app remembers where you were . it allows you to configure the font size , page orientation , and the other usual stuff for readers .
nook : marketplace - barnes and noble format - epubs ( drm'd ) , . pdb , pdf about - this app syncs your books across devices and has the ability to look up words . my only complaint is that it is a pain to change your reading preferences ( brightness , font . . . ) on the fly .
aldiko : only does non-drm'd epubs . there are thousands of these books available but you are not going to be getting newly released copyrighted books . great user interface but the no drm limitation is a problem . aldiko also has a paid app that has more features but it still does not let you load new drm'd books from the major retailers .
kindle : marketplace - amazon . com format - . azw ( drm'd ) , . txt , . mobi about - i like this app . it is easy to switch your reading settings ( brightness , font size . . . ) on the fly . you can note and lookup text . it automatically syncs with all your devices so you can put one down and pick up reading on another right where you left off . as of v2 you can subscribe to magazines and newspapers via the kindle store which will be regularly delivered to your android device . wikipedia and dictionary . com word lookup whilst reading .
google books : marketplace - google books and 3rd party sellers format - epub ( drm'd ) , about - simple 1st gen app . it automatically syncs with all your devices so you can put one down and pick up reading on another right where you left off . it is easy to change the fonts and font sizes and switch between night and day mode as your read . there is a very cool feature that i have not seen in the other apps where , when you are reading one of the books that google physically scanned , you can switch from the normal view to viewing the actual scanned in page . my only complaint is the lack of ability to make notes and lookup words . currently us only .
i had the same problem , an empty LOST.DIR appearing all the time , both on internal and external sd cards . the workaround i have implemented was using tasker for deleting it on device boot . it seems to be working so far .
lost . dir is just a storage space ( directory ) for files that were recovered upon boot . you can safetly remove it with no problems . the sysytem keeps it just in case you want to get your recovered currupted files back . a quick google search yielded : lost . dir - what is it ? as for preventing it from being created , just prevent the sd card from becoming corrupted . here are some things to keep in mind while using an sd card : always eject before removal never remove while files are being modified never remove from android device while device is on if you have your device connected to the computer , the sd card will usually automatically mount itself on the computer . remember to eject it before disconnecting the device . this thread has a ton of good info . basically the gist of it is , if you are following all of the precautions to keep the sd card from getting corrupted ( ejecting before removal , ect . . . ) then the sd card is partially incompatible with your device . if you move to a higher class sd card , the problem usually goes away on its own .
i know this app on the google play : wireless headphone that does exactly what you want . you need a 3.5mm-to-3.5mm audio cable and connect your tv 's headphone output to your laptop microphone input . and then you can listen to the audio on your android phone .
i had just activated my new credit card and it was sitting beside my nexus s and this kept happening . after reading this i tested it and it was the credit card causing it to happen .
sounds like nfc terminology to me . presumably either nfc is malfunctioning or you have been in the vicinity of nfc tags that are of a type your phone does not recognize . looks like id badges and probably some credit cards and so on could trigger this : http://forum.xda-developers.com/archive/index.php/t-989630.html
i had the same problem ( after the latest update to dropbox 2.3.8 , the other day ) , however i had 8gb memory left ( and some 600mb internal ) . i had to uninstall the whole app to make dropbox work again . with the following steps : clear cache and remove data uninstall the app restart the phone reinstall the app files can be opened again . . . i also tried to locate the " com . dropbox . android"-folder per the information at the following page ( http://www.reddit.com/r/nexus7/comments/19i7bs/dropbox_permanent_failure/ ) , but that was after i had uninstalled the application and i could not find the folder ( which seems logic ) . i am running a htc desire z with android os 2.3.3 . hope this helps !
i had the same problem . it was solved after i unlinked my device from dropbox ( in dropbox settings ) and then re-linked it .
i had the same message but discovered it was because i was connected to a secure wifi network which did not like me accessing files from the dropbox app on my htc one . solution : disconnected from the wifi and used my 3g on my phone .
i fixed this by removing data from the sd card . it was nearly full . freeing up ~1gb of the card solved the problem . it is likely that the application uses some sd card space to open files .
i resolved this issue by reinstalling the app , but now that i think about it , this might have been caused by the fact that i had changed my password ( using the web interface ) but never told by phone app the new password .
yay , the phone boots again . here 's the magic recipe . Boot into recovery. adb shell mkdir /data/s mount -o rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /data/s chmod 755 /data/s/xbin/busybox Reboot the phone.  my shell is back . there is a weird quirk now - ls ( from the busybox , one assumes ) thinks adb is an ansi terminal and tries to emit ansi escape sequences . still , yay .
you could choose to only show contacts that have phone numbers . if i remember correctly , this is in Contacts -> menu -> Display options -> Only contacts with phones . another possible solution is to go to Settings -> Accounts &amp; sync and remove the facebook sync , Add account -> Facebook and in this process select Sync existing contacts only . i am not 100% sure about the menu item names , but they should be somewhat similar . it is been a while since i have used froyo .
that happens on stock " launcher " sometimes , and i do not think that there is anything you can do until google , or the manufacturer releases an update . until then you can use a different launcher if it really bothers you . personally , i use next launcher 3d and nothing else . izzy 's response seems most feasible to me .
this suddenly solved itself : what i did is to enable developer settings and suddenly it started working after about 10 minutes .
some apps register with the " device administrator " to avoid accidental/unwanted de-installation ( e . g . child-protecting apps , so the child does not simply uninstall it -- also stuff which implements additional " rules " , such as ms exchange related apps ) . in this case , you need to remove them from the " device administrator " first : go to settings&rarr ; security&rarr ; device administrator and check if the app is listed there . if so , remove it from here . now you should be able to uninstall the app .
i had to download samsung 's usb drivers for this device from their support page . after you have the driver installed , when you plug in the device , windows search windows . com for updates and finds : Samsung mobile usb composite device Samsung-sgh-i317 Samsung mobile usb modem Samsung Android ADB Interface  now , the interface still shows the " connected as a media device " message , but adb devices list can see it .
no , you do not need anything unique . while it comes with something specific - it can charge off a usb in your computer ( or the wall outlet -> usb ) . ( source : i have the 2012 one ) sounds like you have other issues such as : bad/obstructed usb header - visually check the usb on your nexus for physical damage or blocks ( dust , debris , lint , etc ) bad usb cable - try an alternative cable or verify that cable in other devices if possible . there are complaints of the 2013 nexus 7 , mostly related to odd behaviors with touch . perhaps this could be another manifestation . . . though i somewhat doubt it . if you clarify further , that may help your cause : did it ever work normally - if so , has anything changed between then and now ( rooting , custom rom , etc ) ? what came in the box with it ? what did the manual tell you ? what else have you tried ? what do you mean " what is the deal with these android tablets ? " - have you found other evidence of issues or reported complaints ?
this has happened many times to me , and every time it has been a bad cable . if you have one , try finding another usb cable to test it with , and see if it works . often some connection goes bad in the cable just from use and wear and it will only charge and refuses to transmit data . the other possibility ( this is known to be a problem with the evo 4gs , but i do not think i have heard of it on the galaxy s ) is that the usb port on your phone has been damaged or gone bad . this happened to my dad 's phone ( evo ) and they sent him a replacement . let us know what happens after you try a new cable !
not that i am aware of . presumably you could create an application that listened to the mic all the time and triggered it ( voice search ) on a certain phrase , but as voice to text is done " in the cloud " it would require a huge amount of data to go back and forth to accomplish this . one shudders to think of the implications on non-unlimited data plans , not to mention what it would do to your battery life . many phones launch voice serach when you press the button on a bluetooth headset . ymmv , try connecting a bluetooth headset and see what happens when you press the button . another forum thread about launching search from a headset
if your phone has hard keys you can start void by holding down the search key ( do not have to touch the screen ) .
according to the list of officially supported and unofficially ported devices , no . also , read more at this sticky post by cyanogenmod moderators .
from your home screen , under Menu-&gt;Settings-&gt;Accounts&amp;sync-&gt;Facebook you can uncheck Contacts . obviously , this will stop your phone contacts from syncing to facebook , but after you get the list the first time , the only thing that really updates is the pictures , so disabling it should take care of it : )
robot view can do this .
i am not familiar with a setting in android to mix both channels but perhaps this stereo to mono adapter could help .
the official google play music app will download music as untagged , numbered mp3 files , as you said , and uses an internal mapping method to know which mp3 is which . however , the app offline music importer should do what you want . it is free for the first 50 songs ; after 50 it costs $2.49 to unlock . a description from their app page : why you need this app : when you make your google play music media available offline , you are storing cached music files in a special folder on your device . the media provider service within android can’t see the music in there . even if it could , the file names are meaningless and they don’t have any id3 tags . the service would not know what the song title is , what album it belongs to , what track number it is , not even the artist . the files are just raw music . for all those reasons , you can’t play those files properly in any other music player except the google play music player . this app gathers those meaningless music files , applies the proper id3 tags and artwork , moves the files to your /music folder on the sdcard , and updates the media provider . all your imported music will be available to any music player installed on the device .
the buttons are disabled so that users can grip the sides without causing and action . it would be difficult holding the device if the user is causing the device to go to the home screen .
did you use the " refresh " option in the google play music app ? you can find it in the action bar menu . another possibility is a wrong file type . here is a list of supported file types : https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/1100462?hl=en
settings -> data usage -> press menu key -> auto sync data in settings go to accounts section--> google and select your account and check what ever you want to sync
you do not need android running to do a factory reset . try following the steps in this video to reset your tablet .
i believe this is a " feature " of the new jelly bean camera . you probably will not be able to change it without resorting to using another camera app ( like camera zoom fx ) or installing a custom rom .
the new animation added to jelly bean camera app when photos are being taken , acts as a visual hint at a new swipe gesture that is been added . the idea is to make the user aware that swiping to the left at any time , they are able to scroll through all the photos taken : when taking a photo , a new animation sweeps your photo off the screen . there is now a new paging animation when swiping between photos . android 4.1 , jelly bean - camera and gallery ( scroll down till this title ) from that location , the user can rotate , crop , share , just like in the gallery app . as already mentioned by jlehenbauer , it is a feature and cannot be removed . here a youtube video about this : android 4.1 jelly bean camera app
compiling applications does not take considerable processing power in general . i did it on my 286 all the time . the op wants gcc on his phone . look for c4droid ( c/c++ compiler ) in the google market . then install the " gcc plugin for c4droid " from the market . ( these do cost a couple dollars ) . from the market description : " it is a plugin for c4droid , that allows it to compile c and c++ source code using gcc . it contains gcc 4.7 with bionic ( android libc ) . source code had not been modified , so you can compile it yourself , if you want . " https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.n0n3m4.droidc https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.n0n3m4.gcc4droid here 's another package that includes gcc from the market : " debian kit " - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.dyndns.sven_ola.debian_kit
android applications are compiled in a pc and then installed on the phone . in order to compile an application you will need a considerable amount of computational power and a compiler , in this case , a c compiler . in other words , you need a computer to compile the application . you will need to download and install in your computer the android sdk , the gcc compiler and other tools and then you will be able to compile the application for your phone .
you can write , compile and distribute native code as an android application . look here for more info about the ndk . if you want it done without the official framework and application packaging then you will need to look into cross-compiling the application for the arm architecture .
i can not understand why i have to pay $3 for c4droid as it is just gcc with editor . use new free c/c++ ide and compiler on android . it has a lot of included c/c++ examples and tutorials . blog link , google play link . you can also use cctools as it is almost c4droid but free .
the app terminal ide has a built-in gcc arm compiler for android . you can install it , move it to another folder and then uninstall it . but make sure you have enough free memory .
manufacturers always specify the size of the chip here ( 4 gb ) . as that is the bigger number , it is also the better seller – and it is not a straight lie , as it is " internal storage " . but the fact they do not put in big letters is , that this storage is split – and only a part of it is available to the user directly . details are described in android folder hierarchy here on our site . a short abstract , concentrating on your issue , and for that simplified : " physical internal storage " is split into multiple parts , including . . . /system: read-only during " normal operation " . this is where the os is stored , and this is also where all the bloatware is installed ( which is what makes it so hard to remove ) . especially with samsung devices , this part often takes up half of the " chip " – which might already explain where your missing 2 gb ended up . /boot and /recovery: two special partitions for technical reasons . their names already indicate their usage . /cache: again a speaking name . /data: this is what is shown as " available space " to the user . here you can install apps , and they can store their data here . there is basically nothing you can do to gain additional internal space – unless you want to risk voiding your warranty , and have enough knowledge to " act behind the scenes " ( root the device , re-partition internal storage ) – which then might prevent system updates ( as they might check for the correct partitioning ) , so you are on your own with those .
have you tried these : adb shell getprop ro.product.device adb shell getprop ro.product.model adb shell getprop ro.product.name  edit : upon re-reading the question , it seems that my suggestion is not applicable . i trust that you have a stock recovery ? if so , connect it to pc while in recovery mode and do the following over adb : adb shell cat default.prop  if default.prop still does not give you what you want , i am really sorry but i can not think of any other solution than to look for a stock firmware .
for now , afaik , every action associated with a mouse click can be accessed using a touch or a long-touch . combo using a key-press and a touch are not well supported ( if supported at all ) . long-touch over a link , gives you a popup with : open in new tap ; open in incognito mode ; copy link address ; save link as . for future reference , google chrome shortcuts link , from google support page ( the majority of the linux links are available for android . . . just waiting to have this page updated with the android shortcuts list ) : google chrome - keyboard and mouse shortcuts
sorry , min , but that is a built in feature that i believe one cannot change . could you cover up the screen with something at night or just turn it over ?
do not know if you have done this , but try turning off the stay awake setting while charging ? from the home screen , tap all apps . tap settings . tap developer options . tap to check stay awake .
there are many ways in android of scheduling things to happen later on certain conditions . one of them is the AlarmManager , which lets an app run at a predetermined time , or at a given interval between 15 minutes and daily . this is how most recurring tasks work on android , such as checking email . there is no user-modifiable control for the AlarmManager: it is up to the app to expose appropriate settings . android apps can also register broadcast receivers to be notified when certain conditions are met or when events happen . for example , the email app might also register a broadcast receiver to be triggered when an internet connection becomes available . that way , if it misses its times for checking email because you were offline , it can check email once you go back online .
my first guess would be an app consumes a lot of cpu power and therefore causes the system to overheat . use a system monitor to find out any misbehaving apps .
i had the same problem , and solved it by simply re-setting the " screen timeout " option in display settings . it seems some app messed it up .
drm stands for " digital rights management " , and mainly is used with sold ebooks/pdfs and the like ( and also for sold music files plus maybe even videos ) . those keys are to identify your id as to prove if you have permission to access those documents . if you never bought any of those " crippled " documents , chances are you do not have to bother .
you can check the the battery status using the service menu of your android device . you can see the current battery level there . the device suggests whether or not to change the battery .
hard to tell for sure without " direct access " , but here are the most likely answers : there are no files in that directory , so nothing to remove you cannot use rm to remove directories ( that is what rmdir is for ) that will most likely fail as well , since /system is usually mounted read-only ; ) the original command succeeded at last : most likely some file was created there in the meantime .
i would suggest you start here : guide factory images ( jb-ics-gb ) ( xda developers ) requirements : -android sdk -java jdk -platform-tools -unlocked bootloader ( "fastboot oem unlock " pay attention , wipes everything , also sd card ) -experience with adb and fastboot notice : if you never used the sdk , the jdk , fastboot and adb , before installing the factory image you have to follow this guide in order to get sdk and unlock bootloader . the part that is relevant to you , assuming your device was not running a rooted custom rom before , is 4b : if you are coming from another stock rom ( official older ota unrooted ) , this doen't wipe your data/cache : if you want relock the bootloader ( not necessary , only for warranty ) do also these two step : fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot oem lock  tried to include as much as possible for posterity , but the files you need and so on are in the forum thread anyway so this does not really apply if the forum thread would go down . if you have any questions , please comment and i will update my answer .
rename the file with the appropriate extension and find out ( ie rename img1 . dup0 to img1-1.jpg and open it ) . in the case of the image files i think they are the corresponding thumbnails since the size is small
if you have access to a linux/unix pc ( including osx ) , you can use the file utility to identify the file type . for windows , you can install cygwin to get a unix environment that will have this utility .
csipsimple indeed does the job if you want to use it as your sip client . if you prefer the built-in sip client , try the advanced dialer app .
sipdroid has routing capabilities while also providing basic bluetooth headset support which csipsimple still lacks . i have been able to set it up so that calls with certain prefixes go through device 's gsm voice link and all the rest go via sip . this has had a bonus of blocking short " premium " numbers , which proliferate in european gsm networks and are designed to take advantage of careless cell phone users . https://code.google.com/p/sipdroid/ btw , both sipdroid and csipsimple are opensource projects , so if you need some really advanced routing it is not impossible to code the required logic directly into the app .
you can do that with a program called csipsimple . it let 's you customize not only whether certain calls are routed , through a sip provider , but which sip provider as well . with csipsimple , the filters are based on regular expressions so there is a lot of flexibility .
try factory setting option in settings . if it doesnt work , try updating it to next version os and again root it if necessary . i would suggest to just root it again it may happen that rooting process is not been completely successfull .
the 2.3 keyboard cannot be installed on 2.1 as-is . it relies on the 2.3 voice search app , which uses api methods not present in 2.1 . ( see this xda post . ) i am sure someone is in the process of hacking the keyboard to work though . to be honest , the only difference i see with the 2.3 keyboard is that the keys are smaller , which i dislike .
yes . one option would be to use the images distributed by google at factory images for nexus devices . download the appropriate package ( the 4.2.1 nexus 7 archive is what you had presumably want ) and then either flash the images manually or use the included flash-all.sh script ( if on linux ) . manually running the commands will be of the form : fastboot flash &lt;partition name&gt; /path/to/image.img  so , as an example , you had flash the system partition with : fastboot flash system /path/to/system.img  you will need to have the fastboot utility configured for this , but it will work regardless of what os or recovery system are installed on the n7 at the time as long as you do not modify the bootloader . you will also need to use fastboot oem unlock to unlock your bootloader if you have not already , which will wipe your personal data .
any phone that supports nfc has the necessary " chip " already ( that is , the hardware supports that kind of transaction ) . the crucial factor is the software running on the phone . unlike with magnetic-stripe and chip-and-pin credit card transactions , there is no one standard : there are several competing contactless payment systems . google has google wallet ( but only in some countries ) , paypal has one , orange ( a phone network ) runs one in the uk . in addition , most bitcoin clients ( such as bitcoin wallet ) can use nfc to exchange payment details , but you still need a network connection to actually carry out the transaction . if you sign up for one of these payment systems , and you install their app on your nfc-capable phone , then you can use your phone to pay at any shop that supports that payment system . there is no extra hardware for you to add to the phone .
if you have an nfc chip ( and a secure element ( se ) , but as far as i know all current nfc phones have both ) then theoretically you should be able to pay for goods using google wallet , however only certain phones on certain networks are supported and it can only be used in the usa . edit : just to make it clear it may still be possible to pay for goods via nfc using your phone without a se but if you want to use google wallet then you will need both . it is feasible that companies could have their own custom payment application where you load credit onto it and have an id/cryptographic key stored in your device and then pay using that . i do not think this is too likely however because of the security implications of someone else using your id/key and also , what would the benefit for the merchant be ? they now have to support this nfc payment infrastructure and it saves them only a small percentage of money on credit card fees .
all batteries have some self-discharge so whatever their charge was initially they will discharge when sitting on the shelf . also most batteries effectively " die " if they undergo very deep discharge . this is why all batteries are shipped charged - either fully or partially . so when you buy a battery ( or a device ) the battery will always be charged to some level which will depend on the manufacturing process and the time the battery spent on the shelf . this is why the battery level showing " full " chargealone is not a sign of the phone being not new .
it is not uncommon that rejected/refurbished phones find their way back to the market as " new " ones . but in my ( and at least al everett 's ) experience , batteries are almost always shipped with some charge . i would not worry , as long as there are no other indicators that your device was pre-owned .
see wikipedia on lithium-ion battery technology ( especially sections " cell life " and " safety" ) . in short : cell life is best at ~50% charged safety requires the battery to be charged to above 3v ( and below 4.2v ) the best consumer experience would be to charge the battery to 100% the liion battery discharges itself during shipment/storage the battery 's internal charging level detector may be incorrect and needs some cycles to self-adjust as a trade off , it is charged to ( my guess ) 60% and then shipped . it is not full and may be even almost discharged when the customer gets it , thus tell them to charge it the first time . i guess the manual does not say it is empty , does it ? it is the best tradeoff between cell life and the customer 's first user experience with the device .
it’s very important to make sure you perform a backup of all your data before attempting to install this ! step 1 : make a backup of your all data . step 2: download the base firmware necessary ( your 's 4.0.4 stock firmware ) step 3: download it , after unzip the file . step 4: go to open odin 3.04 ( if you don’t have it you can download it from here ) step 5: restart your device into download mode , for make this press power and volume down buttons . step 6: connect phone and wait until you get a yellow/blue color with port number in odin software interface . ( if your system did not detect usb , re-install usb device driver/kies ) step 7: add the firmware_name . tar . md5 to pda , verify re-partition is not ticked , start flash , don’t touch anything and wait a few minutes . done . note : do it on your own risk
if se has dropped support for your device ( which seems likely ) your only way to upgrade your phone is to take root control over your phone and install a custom rom , a third party version of the android operating system . there is a huge modding community , largely centered around the xda developers forums . there is actually a subforum there for just your device , and the subforum for your device that you want ( there is also q and a sections and whatnot ) is xperia x10 android development . there is plenty of informative threads in that forum , including : [ how-to ] unlock bootloader for x10 help for newbies , all questions and answers for x10 as for what specific rom to use , i will leave that up to you . your first step however should be unlocking your bootloader , getting root and getting cwm recovery installed on your phone . when you have that installed , you can always create a complete backup of your phone , so if anything breaks you can always restore to that backup via the recovery , since the recovery remains untouched between rom installations . if you want to venture into rooting your phone and trying custom roms , i wish you good luck ! it is a learning experience : )
have you tried evernote ? you can create notes in the phone and read on the web , and create on the web and view on your phone . the sync works perfectly !
i believe this is because the astro file manager sees it as a connection instead charge only . when you connect the charger , pull down the top notification menu -> click on the usb icon -> change the settings to " usb charge only " this should fix it
there is no simple answer to the question , " why do programs crash sometimes ? " the error message you see tells you that an app has crashed , just like when a program crashes on a desktop computer . usually this indicates a bug ( programming error ) in the app or in one of the libraries included in the app ( e . g . an ad network , or a library for accessing a particular web service ) . the bug might always happen when you try to do a particular action , or it might be caused by being in a particular state . for example , a calendar app might have a bug that only happens when you create an event on the first of the month , in a month that already contains an event . if the bug is triggered by particular circumstances , clearing the data or cache for that app might make the bug go away until the same circumstance arise again . sometimes , the app itself might be correct but the crash caused by a programming error in android itself . the app might be relying on android to behave in a particular way , and if android does the wrong thing , that could later cause the app to crash . similarly , the crash might be caused by hardware problems : if the phone overheats , the hardware might compute the wrong answers sometimes . in the first instance , you should report a crash to the developer of the app that crashes . android 's crash-report process will automatically include relevant information with the report , to help the developer see what is wrong . even if the problem turns out not to be their fault , they will know the right place to report it , and might be able to suggest a workaround you can use to avoid the problem . if you do not report a crash , it probably will not get fixed .
might be a very good idea to reboot your device before continuing troubleshooting this . that /etc/fstab error should not have occurred , so likely there are some strange things hiding out if your ram right now .
you will not be able to use bt-dun on the streak unless there is something custom built into the ui . my archos 70 has a setting baked into android for bluetooth tethering specifically . without that or some app to enable it , the streak will not know where to get the internet connection from , even if the devices are connected . do not bother with pdanet because it only works when you are going the other way , sharing your android internet connection with another device . another option , would be to put mywi on your iphone and make it a wireless access point , then you can connect to it via your wifi connection . there is one problem : the mywi creates an adhoc connection and android does not recognize adhoc . you can get around this by editing your wpa_supplicant file but you need to be rooted to do this . here are the instructions to do this : http://android.modaco.com/content/dell-streak-streak-modaco-com/316049/ad-hoc-network-connection-for-streak/
what you need to download and install is called gapps , which is a package with all the google applications that come built in with android , but those are flashable and you can not just install them . i suggest you to take a look at [ rom ] hero cyanogenmod 7 nightlys-android 2.3.2 gingerbread ( 2011-02-27 ) , download the gapps provided there ( gapps-gb-20110120-signed . zip ) and flash that using the Install update.zip on your unlocked bootloader menu .
apparently , it could not be installed because of market country restrictions . . so in case someone needs a solution - i tried using market enabler , and got it ( yt ) installed without problem .
one way to do this would be with evernote . you could organize it all sorts of different ways ( eg . organize companies by tag or by notebook . . . and a new note for each interaction . . . ) and you can attach files ( photos , pdf , voice memos . . . ) to each note . as far as recording the actual calls , as matthew read suggested , take a look at this question . if you are looking for a more integrated approach that works with the current call log and calendar you could consider an app like bizlog ( $9 ) . it does not do everything you want but it gets you very close . if this is more of why you are looking for i would continue your search but use terms like crm ( contact relationship manager ) and contact notes , contact log or contact management .
i assume you are talking about the home and launcher screens . the launcher is exactly that , a place for your to launch apps from , while the home screen can be populated by shortcuts , folders , and widgets which make content richer and more accessible . perhaps a defy owner may be able to suggest a reason as to why there might be lag and what to do about it , but it might just be a bit of struggle for your phone to load all the apps you have , which is dependant on memory size and cpu speed . perhaps a replacement launcher would be faster . the top two seem to be adw and launcher pro , of which i think launcher pro might be marginally faster . you might also want to try go launcher and zeam . do some research and testing . as well as being faster , their are often highly configurable . for instance , the feel of the native launcher on my samsung galaxy s2 is very ' tactile ' and ' organic ' despite the power of the handset . however , adw allows me to set the speed of the homescreen and appdraw so that it is snappy as hell . i can also create differing app draws , excluding unnecessary apps and allowing it to load faster .
i just bought the phone yesterday after reading a lot about it . my phone does not have any lag in the app launcher ( the screen with the shortcuts for the installed applications , vertical scroll ) and has about 50 shortcuts and it is quite responsive .
what you are describing as the horizontal scrolling is the home screen . it is there to hold shortcuts to apps and widgets . think of it as your pc 's desktop . the vertical scrolling list is the list of actual applications that are installed ( like opening c:\program files ) . when you add new apps , it might take a second or two for android to load their icons into the cache . so long as you do not install hundreds of apps , this should not get exponentially slower . i suspect that demo unit probably needed to be reset since dozens of people handle it every day . i have not played with the defy specifically , but i have a wide selection of phones running different oses at my desk and none of them are terribly slow in the launcher app .
your apps are installed to internal memory natively , thus the 28mb space left in your settings → apps click on an app and if it gives you the option to move to sd card , try it . not all apps can be moved and some apps will not work right if moved , on that use your best judgement . there are also some apps you can find that will do the same thing for you if the move to sd card is not an option . thumbnails . this is refering to the sd card where there is enough space , but might be useful though : a ) you can find the file ( usually here : /mnt/sdcard/DCIM/.thumbnails , or something close to that ) in your system that is storing thumbnails , erase that - its usually pretty large . that will give some extra space . b ) or if you not afraid to get into the system a little more you can do this for a more permanent fix . ** with this you be switching another file out for the thumbnail file . that way it can not be recreated . move any ancillary files ( movies , music , photos , email attachments , downloads and etc . ) to the sd card edit if rooted , you might be able move /data/media/obb to sd card without errors .
the problem you are facing is not uncommon . namely android operating system ( like any other ) provides different partitions for different usages , among them there is a partition for user installed apps ( " apps partition " ) , and that partition is usually 1 gb or 2 gb or less ( depending on the total memory of the device ) . and you do have only 28 mb on your internal storage where the apps are stored . long story short , those 2 gb of free space you have are not meant for apps but for media files ( pictures , videos , etc . ) . there are two solutions to your problem : moving apps from internal memory to sd card ( not necessary external sd card ) . this will allow you to install apps on the internal memory while the data of the apps ( which is usually bigger then the app itself ) will be stored on your sd card . this is will give you a lot of free space for more apps of your choice . downside is , every app you move to the sd card will not have a widget and will be slower to use . you can do this by installing app2sd from play store or any other app that can move other apps . different approach requires more technical skills . you can root your device , and manually change the partitions so you get more space on your " apps partition " , but reduce system partition or cache partition . this procedure is a bit tricky and is different for each device . if you decide to do this a good starting point is the xda developers forum or simply google it for your specific device . hope this helps .
in Settings -> Volumes you will want to uncheck Link ringtone &amp; notification volumes actual system volume can not be " tied " to ringtone/notification . if this is not what you mean , please edit your question and explain more if possible .
i spotted this advice on the post on the google mobile blog announcing the new voice actions . at least one person in the comments claimed success . just run the following commands to uninstall the old system apps if you use a custom rom . adb remount adb shell rm /system/app/googlequicksearchbox . apk adb uninstall com . google . android . googlequicksearchbox adb shell rm /system/app/voicesearch . apk adb uninstall com . google . android . voicesearch then they will install just fine from market ( from the us market ) . marketaccess set to tmo us will allow you to find them .
new ( manual ) contacts should get backed up if your gmail account is linked , and they should show up in your gmail contacts . but my old ones ( on sim and phone before email was linked ) did not . i had to copy the ones from my sim and phone to my sdcard by going into contacts ( people ) then menu -&gt; export to sd ( as for example SIM.vcf ) . and after that menu -&gt; import to ( my email ) linked gmail address . and i just told it to import all vcf files on the sd . and that was it , they were now all in my gmail contacts .
do not store your contacts on the sim card . there is no advantage in doing so . modern smartphones are usually only able to import/export contacts stored on the sim card . the contact app from android 4.0 on provides a feature which lets you import your contacts form sim card to either google contacts ( which i highly recommend ) or simply local phone contacts . Open Contacts &gt; Menu &gt; Import/export &gt; Import from SIM card furthermore the " messaging " app of android 4.0 is able to mange the text messages stored on the sim card .
is there some specific purpose or feature that would necessitate using the sim ? if you have an android phone then presumably you have a google account . any contacts added to your google phone will by sync'd automatically to the signed in google account unless you turn that function off . why not just use google to manage them ? then you can keep your sim and sd card free of unneeded data and if you lose or trade up your phone you never lose your contacts . they would still exist in google . plus you can sign into gmail to manage contacts that way .
for managing your sim contacts you can try sim contacts manager .
i wanted to delete some contacts on my sim card on my htc sensation . i tried and tried and it did not work . so i took out my old nokia phone and it can read and write to the sim card . deleted the contacts i did not want . it worked .
the default ( well , default on my samsung galaxy s - i guess default in android does not mean much ) contact manager can do a part of this . when creating a new contact , it gives the option of storing it on the sim , phone memory , or a linked account ( like google ) . there is the option of copying contacts from sim to phone or phone to sim ( contacts-> menu-> more -> copy contacts ) . import/export is in the same spot . i know these suggestions are not quite what you are looking for . i do not know if contacts can be stored on a sim card in different ways depending on the phone . from what i have seen the software that comes with android phones might ( depending on manufacturer ) let you move contacts around .
the nexus s is a developer phone , so yes it can be rooted by unlocking the boot-loader first . that always work . however , many users wishes to root the phone without unlocking the boot-loader . and that is currently ( 18.06.2011 ) not possible with version 2.3.4 . not with the nexus-one , not with the nexus-s . if you decide to unlock then lie ryan answer shows you how .
try this tutorial , http://theunlockr.com/2010/12/17/how-to-root-the-samsung-nexus-s/
it is either a mobile network data enabled switch or a 2g/3g switch , try it and check your data connection . edit : got confirmation , see comments .
i use tasker for this . you can have separate screen timeouts ( and other settings ) for individual apps . i bump up the timeout for my ebook readers .
i do not know of a quick way to change this setting while reading , except that some reader apps have a setting which you can turn on which overrides the screen timeout while reading . i believe aldiko has this setting , but it is been a while since i have used it . not sure of any other reader apps which have it , but it might be a good suggestion to send to the developers of your favorite app .
i use screebl for this . it uses the phones orientation sensors to keep the screen on permanently if it is held at an angle . you can then set the timeout to something very low such as 15 seconds which kicks in when the phone is laid flat .
as per advice from narayanan , i replaced /system/media/audio/ui/LowBattery.ogg with another .ogg file . the next time it was triggered , the new file played . i then tried placing an empty file at /system/media/audio/ui/LowBattery.ogg , but this did not work . finally , i downloaded a slient .ogg from here , placing it at /system/media/audio/ui/LowBattery.ogg . this worked perfectly .
i see sparhawk wants to disable the warning sound alone and not the popup . i stumbled on an xposed module which will disable both . i just keep this posted just in case if sparhawk wants to slightly compromise on the requirement and also probably will help others who read this post . text from the post : disable the low battery alert with xposed posted october 13 , 2013 at 12:30 am by will verduzcodifficulty:1 disable the low battery alert with xposed there are plenty of xposed modules out there . their purposes range widely from adding previously device-specific functionality to patching bugs , and everything in between . this is , of course , all made possible by xda recognized developer rovo89‘s fantastic xposed framework ( thread ) . the framework allows developers to create a module apk that is able to make a modification at runtime , while leaving original files intact . both a boost in ease-of-use and user safety , xposed makes device modification into a click and reboot affair . a new xposed module from xda senior member defim has appeared , and its purpose is to remove that annoying low battery popup alert that you are given when running low on juice . yes , being notified that your battery is running low is generally useful . however , for those of us who actively look at the battery meter in our status bars , it’s a bit redundant . furthermore , if you happen to be in a call when you receive this alert , it will generally turn on your screen , thus reactivating the touch sensor . for yours truly , this has resulted in accidentally ended phone calls , unintentional muting , and more . the module will work on any ics+ device with xposed framework installed . simply install the module , activate it , and reboot . to tame your low battery alert , head over to the module thread . the exposed module is available in this xda thread .
well , i am not going to take credit of this answer , i just googled out the answer of this question . head over to the /system/media/audio/ui it will have lowbattery . ogg file rename it to something different like lowbattery . ogg . bak or something else . it will not bother you . ps : you need to be a rooted user to do that and yes removing the lowbattery . ogg try renaming and let me know about it !
try clearing your calendar data ( settings -> applications -> calendar -> clear data ) . if that does not work then you might have to resort to a factory reset . ( if you have to go this route then there are lots of options for backing up your data before hand to minimize the pain )
this is a feature of cyanogenmod . pressing and briefly holding one of the volume buttons when the screen is off will cause the music player to skip forward ( volume up ) or backward ( volume down ) . the intention is that this allows you to skip tracks and whatnot without having to unlock the device . if you find it annoying then you can disable it completely in your settings : simply uncheck the option at Settings -&gt; Sound -&gt; Volume rocker music controls . alternatively , try to use short presses of the volume buttons when the screen is off and it should adjust the volume rather than skipping .
resolution was a whole new phone . . .
i use the dropsync ( comp . ttxapps . dropsync ) app to keep full synchronization on my big dropbox which i have shared on several computers and several android devices . i have rarely had problems getting large volumes of files per directory trees in my dropbox handled . the only issue i have encountered is when the particular device had a default bandwidth limit applied , which i generally reset to unlimited .
as answered here , you can use file explorers such as es file explorer to achieve this functionality .
sync is not possible and the " download folder " function is also missing on android . you can support this feature request : https://www.dropbox.com/votebox/2133/android-download-upload-folders
your problem is although you have reset your phone , somehow it can not find a partition to boot from .
as the comments in the other answer ( s ) state , make sure to wipe both the /cache and /data partitions . i failed to do this and my cyanogenmod 7.2 rom hung on boot . when i wiped both partitions ( via the clockworkmod recovery console ) , the phone booted successfully .
this , really , is not an android question , it relates more to file systems . the limitation is set by the file system . fat32 can have 65,536 entries . each file and subdirectory takes from two to thirteen entries , depending on the length of its name . there is one entry that hold the short ( 8.3 ) name of the file name . if the actual name does not fit that entry , then there will be one to twelve more entries , each of which holds 13 bytes of the full name . the size of the file itself , does not have make a difference , unless the file is larger the 4gb , which is the maximum file size for a single file in fat32 . you can read more on the fat32 spec if you wish here .
for rooting , see how do i root my phone ? you should be able to use another launcher regardless , but you can get a close-to-aosp experience with cyanogenmod . i do not believe that phone is officially supported by cm but someone 's porting it : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=946354 the xda android development forum for the optimus one was only recently broken off from the optimus v forum , so the roms probably can be used interchangeably with minor tweaks . i suggest asking on xda though .
gps relies on your device picking up radio signals transmitted by satellites orbiting above us , an awful lot of things can block these relatively weak signals . from pocket gps world : how does the global positioning system work ? buildings , terrain , electronic interference , or sometimes even dense foliage can block signal reception , causing position errors or possibly no position reading at all . gps units typically will not work indoors , underwater or underground . ( my emphasis ) this is the same whether you are using a dedicated gps receiver , or a smart phone , if the radio signal can not get through your device will not be able to pick it up . in addition phones tend to have less sensitive gps receivers than large , powerful , dedicated gps devices with large antennae so there are likely to be marginal places undercover where your phone will not be able to pick up a gps signal when a dedicated device may be able to .
i had this same problem and all i did to fix it was restart my phone ! worked like a charm !
since you are still receiving the messages , the app must just be buggy . you could try using the handcent sms app instead .
how much free internal space do you have on your phone ? when my phone has too many services running or does not have enough free internal space then services will get killed left and right , therefore the messaging service will not run to alert me of a new message . try uninstalling some apps or moving them to the sd card . you can check for any unnecessary running services under settings -- > applications --> running services .
the files you downloaded from that site are for a samsung galaxy y . your phone is a samsung galaxy ace duos . you need to find a rom suitable for your phone . you are lucky that installing that rom did not brick the phone completely . you can not undo an update : to get back to what you had before , find a stock rom image for your phone ( probably from http://sammobile.com for a samsung phone ) and install it following the provided instructions . alternatively , if you still want android 4.1 , look for an unofficial 4.1 rom for your phone and install it in the same way . see also : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ?
be sure to check Settings-&gt;CyanogenMod Settings-&gt;Sound-&gt;Quiet Hours and make sure that it is disabled . that is been an unknowing culprit for me in the past .
found this thread on the vibrant section of the xda devs forum : not enough space in music database ? ( pretty sure the vibrant is a us carrier-specific version of the galaxy , with this weird obsession us networks seem to have for making up alternative names for devices ) . maybe it has something to do with how the app handles various artists and/or unknown artists . i added all my music , then deleted tracks from various artist albums until it worked again . i then put back the various artist album track and it did not work , as expected . i thought this was artist based , but when i got it working again--by deleting the track mentioned above--and then added a track for a various artist album by an artist that already existed , the app crashed too . i then thought it might be song based . so i removed that song and then added a set of songs . however , it unexpectantly worked . the difference with the set of songs added above is that they were not part of a various artist album . they were a new artist , but the main album artist was not various with a contributing artist of the actual artist name . instead , the album artist was the artist name and the contributing artist was left blank ( or had the same name ) . so , it is that the music app does not understand how to handle various artist albums ? plugged sd card into my pc , did a search for files named * . mp3 with " various " in the artist tag , moved all of them off the card . plugged card back into galaxy again , waiting for media indexing to finish , i can now view the artists column without the app crashing . still can not search in the app without crashing , but i have a few more compilation type albums so will try spotting and removing all of them to see if it helps . update nov 2010 : the music player included in the official samsung froyo ( android 2.2 ) update , seems to have fixed this problem , or at least made it so that i can have the majority of my tracks on the phone without this problem showing up .
walking navigation was just released today [ sept 9 ] as an update to google maps 4.5.0
just tried on my samsung galaxy s with the search box at the top of this page in the built-in browser and i get a flashing cursor all the time i am not typing ( it disappears while i am typing but comes back if i pause for a moment ) i am using the built-in swype keyboard . also tried switching back to the samsung keyboard ( by long-pressing on a text field , then selecting input method and selecting samsung keyboard ) and still see a cursor in the search box on this web site . my galaxy 's running the standard samsung version of android 2.1 , pretty sure i do not have any apps installed that affect the keyboard or browser .
try using a different browser . also you could try going into settings , apllications , manage applications , find the browser you are using and clear data , if that option is not there , try cache . reboot and see what happens .
press and hold the ? 123 key at the bottom , left corner of the standard samsung galaxy s keyboard . the keyboard switches to a four arrow cursor pad that you can use to move around a text field . there is also a delete key , select , cut , copy , and paste ; click the text key to switch back into keyboard mode . this works with just about all text fields in all applications that i use .
several options : you had an exchange email account ( probably corporate ) which had device admin permissions , and it got activated by the email provider . you had android device manager installed and somebody activated the factory reset or you reset it by unluckily booting the device into boot loader , opening recovery and factory resetting ( as suggested by @peter carlos )
well , i do not think you could get to know what has made your device getting factory reset on its own . as far as i know i think somehow the volume up and power keys may have been pressed which results in factory reset . i have also heard the if you put the patter lock wrong over the htc m8 for more that 10 times , the device gets automatically factory reset . i am sure accidently you may have ! !
visit halo color wallpaper lite > https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tangblack.colorgradientwallpaper.lite
can you not make your own ? open up paint or photoshop of some sort and fill an area black . save the image as a png and then place on your phones memory card . then on the phone set your wallpaper from the gallery and select the black image .
the simplest way to create a black image is to keep the phone with camera down on desk ( so that no light falls on the camera ) and shooting an image . then simply set the recently shot image as your wall paper . : )
halo color wallpaper does a great job for your android device !
i developed an app named color wallpaper that does this . it is free and available on the android market . there are many other colors to choose from besides black .
i do not know if sony devices might have a different keyboard pre-installed . but the usual place to look for this is settings&rarr ; language and input , look for keyboards and input methods . here you should be able to configure your keyboard : on my ics device , next to each input method available is a " gear symbol " . tapping that , opens the settings for that input method . the topmost entry is labeled something with " input language " . tap that , and you will find the available languages , again with a " gear symbol " letting you select the keyboard layout . as all languages in the list have their keyboard layouts announced , you might also simply enable the language with the correct layout there . my list e.g. has : english ( qwerty ) english ( azerty ) english ( qwertz ) so you'ld just need to enable the one you want . you also can enable multiple languages you then can switch between directly from the keyboard , of course .
yes , it can be because of so long time of charging . you must go for service center so that problem can be solved systematically .
at my locality http://www.google.com.my/m/places shows that at least some of the places are " business listings provided by super pages malaysia " . that provider information is not shown in my places application though .
places is part of google maps ( and was introduced with maps 4.4 about a year ago ) , you should be able to see and search for all the same businesses and attractions in the main google maps app , places just puts a nicer interface on it . much of the data came from what used to be called google local . businesses can add themselves to local/maps/places and update their records themselves , here http://www.google.com/local/add/promo google maps has had a " add your business to google maps " link on the page pretty much forever , that links to http://www.google.com/local/add?hl=engl=us also just like other local business discovery services like foursquare , users themselves can add places into places , check into them and rate them through the app or http://www.google.com/hotpot see also the announcement page from when " place pages " were first added to the web version of google maps back in 2009 which has some more details http://googleblog.blogspot.com/2009/09/place-pages-for-google-maps-there-are.html including that you can add them through community edits or google map maker .
this can have multiple reasons . first thing to look for is always whether a " user app " might have caused this . this can be done by booting into safe-mode : if everything works here , at least the hardware is fine , and the system as well . in that case , next steps would be : boot into recovery-mode , and clear ( wipe ) cache . this is possible on rooted and unrooted devices , each recovery ( stock or custom ) should permit this ( exceptions are quite rare ) . then reboot , and see if the issue is solved . if it is not solved , and your device is equipped with a custom recovery : again boot into recovery , this time wipe the " dalvik cache " . reboot , and check whether the issue is solved now . if none of these two steps brought you any relief , you need to go the " hard way": backup all your apps into single backups ( so you can restore them separate ) , including .apk and data . useful tools for that : adb backup ( see : adb , backup ) and helium backup , or on rooted devices also titanium backup . uninstall apps in reverse order of their installation ( the culprit it is more likely an app you have installed lately , than an app you have installed a year ago ) one-by-one , and after each single uninstall see whether the problem solved . does not hurt to reboot as well ( i.e. . uninstall→reboot→check , next ) . at the point where it starts working again , re-install all apps you have removed ( again one-by-one ) , skipping the last one – as that was most likely causing the issue . if the issue still persists ( or still persisted in safe-mode ) , last resort is a factory-reset . before doing that , make sure your contacts etc . are either synced with your google account , or backed up otherwise ( the apps you have already " secured " with above steps ) . does the issue stay even after this , it is most likely a hardware issue , and you will have to turn in your device for service . if , on the other hand , the factory-reset made it working again , carefully restore from your backups – again one by one , with a reboot in between ( to make sure you do not end up where you have started ) .
although i am surprised it did not work in windows 7 out of the box ( it worked on my pc ) there is a way to fix it . please open c:\windows\inf\wpdmtp . inf in notepad and add following ; Nexus 7 %GenericMTP.DeviceDesc%=MTP, USB\MS_COMP_MTP %GenericMTP.DeviceDesc%=MTP, USB\VID_18D1&amp;PID_4E42&amp;MI_00  in two places - at the end of sections [Generic.NTx86] and [Generic.NTamd64] this method will also work on windows 7 after installing windows media player 11 .
i have had some trouble myself hooking up my nexus 7 with a windows 7 computer , even though i would figure the device is new , windows would be able to locate and download drivers itself . its probably some conflict between the two , have you tried first installing the adb driver after installing the nexus 7 as an mtp device ?
how have you configured your emails ? is it pop3 or imap ? yahoo have a guide to explain the differences . i would recommend using imap as it should sync read status between phone/webmail . you can find the info and steps needed here . as for sent emails there is probably a setting to sync sent items ( or you need to put them into the correct folder ) . if you provide more details about the app/how you configured it we can help further
you could replace the radio firmware with one from a drastically phone . having what would essentially be a " broken " firmware for the radio would prevent any cellular communications in or out of the phone . this link is an example of changing a nexus 's radio firmware ( baseband ) to another good firmware , but the same process would apply to using a baseband that does not match your phone or your phone 's cellular radio chip .
on rooted devices , you can disable the following packages to disable all telephony features : phone dialer telephonyprovider contacts contacts storage contactsprovider depending on the device manufacturer and os version , some of these apps might not exist , or be named differently .
does it have a removable sim card ? if so , remove the sim and it will not have any network connectivity except for wi-fi . that is what i have done to turn my old iphones into ipods for my kids .
if you root the phone , go into Manage Apps and you can disable the dialer , it will remove it from the home page . contacts can also be disabled . there are also numerous ways to put the phone in airplane mode so it is persistent after restart . click image for larger version note : disabling dialer does not disable the emergency dialer , but airplane mode does .
you can install a parental control app like kids place that limits the apps that the kid can launch . if it set as the default launcher the kid will only be able to access the apps that are defined within the app while full access is protected by a password .
you have not mention that you are rooted or not ? if you are rooted then use titanium backup app to freeze three apk 's i hope samsung has smae named apk as for my s2 . secphome . apk telephonyprovider . apk contacts . apk after freeze them your calling and emergency call will be block down , you can use data connection without any problem from here . if you are not rooted then first pull them using adb for backup and then delete them for make it safe .
there is definitely not an " official " way to disable emergency calls - if my understanding is correct , that would actually be illegal . unofficially , i think the closest you can get is disabling the dialer . i have not tested it , but even if removing the dialer does not disable the emergency calls functionality , it might cause any attempt to call to crash . . . if you wish to go that route , you must be rooted . you open up your favorite file manager , navigate to /system/app , and rename dialer.apk ( or similar , since you are on nexus flavored aosp it should be dialer ) to something like dialer.apk.bak . do not delete it - it is always a good idea to have a backup . edit : contacts would be the same process , removing contacts.apk edit 2: evidently it might be TelephonyProvider.apk . pretty sure i have seen dialer too though . most file explorers will show a phone icon , like below : click image for larger version
there are some games around that use over 80+ megabytes of space . cleaning those up first should give you some breathing space .
for limiting gmail storage , at least -- fire up the gmail client . click menu > settings > labels from there you can select how many days worth you want synced overall , and per label . reducing the number could help cut down on the clutter .
there really is not much control you can do over limiting storage . most likely the data is from the apps using local sqlite databases to store information their apps use . you can pretty much only do these things : move the app to the sd card if you have android 2.2 clear the data cache every now and then ( but it is going to grow again )
no . on a few devices ' stock roms it is possible to use a security vulnerability in a driver or the kernel to root the device from the device itself , but they generally require a specific app to work ( such as framaroot for the devices and roms it supports ) . afaik , there is not a single device you can exploit this way to get root from the command-line . on devices without such a vulnerability , you can only unlock the bootloader from fastboot , which requires you to be in fastboot mode .
have you looked into towelroot by geohotz ? it is a kernel based exploit that works on ( nearly ) every device . you just push the apk to your phone and run the apk from a file manager , reboot , and installer superuser from the play store . . . .
as your device supports an external microsd card : take that card , put it into a card-reader ( if you do not have one : now 's the time to buy it ; they come for less than 10 bucks ) , attach the reader to your pc . now , copy the file to the root of the card , safely unmount , then put the card back into your phone . you should be able to flash it then . for what possibly happened : you might have placed the file in the root of the internal sdcard . recovery is looking on the external card .
having " root " just means you have a working su binary installed ( the " su " application is generally just a management front-end for the linux-level binary installed in /system/bin or /system/xbin ) . so , something has gone wrong with the binary , or the way its installed , or its permissions , or its location , or . . . i suspect the apps that still work must have chown'd themselves once at setup time ? so they only need su to work once , and after that they are good to go . if you can connect an adb shell or run an android terminal ( that was just the first play store search hit , i am not endorsing that specific terminal ) , type " su " and see if you get a meaningful error . you can use adb to copy a new su binary over , or just re-"root " the device . see the faq questions here : http://androidsu.com/superuser/faq/
if i have understood correctly , you have one phone with nfc but no bluetooth , and another phone with no nfc but bluetooth , and you want to send a file from one to the other . that can not work . nfc and bluetooth are completely unrelated , they can not communicate together . if you want the two devices to communicate , they need to both use bluetooth , or both use nfc , or both use wi-fi . it is as simple as that .
insert the new sim into the phone . go to whatsapp settings > account > change number validate the new number . go to chat settings > backup conversations follow the instructions here to restore the conversations
try this : backup your whatsapp from old phone using helium backup . follow the instructions for backing up whatsapp ( or any other application for that matter ) . once the backup is complete , you will find a folder named " carbon " on your phone storage . copy this folder on your pc . install helium on the phone after restoring and get this backed up folder on your phone and place on the same location on the storage . start helium and backup whatsapp using the " restore and sync " tab available in the app . if you are not rooted , you need to connect your phone to pc using usb cable to start the backup . follow the instructions given on play store page .
these types of remote shutters usually rely on a more standard 3.5mm jack to plug into the camera . the only bluetooth solution i know of is this : http://www.amazon.com/satechi-bluetooth-wireless-eos-d2000-compatible/dp/b00anwqmwk but unfortunately it looks like its only for canon dslrs with a hotshoe .
yes you can use your android phone to act as a remote shutter for certain digital cameras . helicon remote , remote release and dslrdashboard are popular apps that uses usb otg cable to control various canon and nikon dslrs . eos remote is an app from canon tailormade for its eos series for dslrs but it makes of use of wifi though . the only application with description that makes use of both bluetooth and ir to control your camera is dslr remote plus by bitshift . try the free version available in playstore to check the compatibility with your devices . if satisfied buy the donate version and help the developer .
you can compare that to other os 's versions as well : a program designed for e.g. windows 8 does not necessarily run on windows 95 . development goes on , and that includes the api s they provide . with each new version , new interfaces are available to the programmers , saving them from " re-inventing the wheel": why code an entire library yourself , when it is much easier to access one that is already available ? but if a specific feature was introduced with version 4.1 , and the developer made use of that in his app , that app would not work properly on versions 4.0 and below , obviously . so depending on the apis used , such an app might not even start on a lower version , or some core functionality would not be available at all or even crash . to prevent the user from such mishap , developers must declare a " minimum required api level " in the manifest 1 of their apps . as each " api level " corresponds with a specific android version , this makes the app " incompatible " with lower versions . 1 the manifest is an xml file included in every android app , declaring the app 's requirements .
check out this list : proxy , tunnel and co . though it is in german , you already find the relevant apps grouped by their purpose . for vpn , try vpn ( also in german ) . the german language should be no problem concerning mapping apps to the requested topics ( vpn , tunnel , . . . ) , as that part is language-neutral . descriptions can mostly be replaced by those from the play store -- or taken from the linked ( english ) reviews . so basically , all information is there .
should this question stay afloat : i recently created a vpn tunnel from my android devices to my home win7 pc and it was much easier than i thought . i am running android 4.1 ( jelly bean ) , but this setup also worked with 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) and should work with other versions too . first , i had to find a way to create a vpn server . openvpn looked awesome but several previous questions made it look like it might be more hassle than i was interested in ( respect for those who get it working ! ) . i stumbled across two different solutions that would fit my needs and ability : setup dd-wrt to run a vpn server straight from a hacked router this how-to geek article provides a drop-dead simple explanation of setting up the dd-wrt vpn service . this , i think , is ideal because my router just sits at home all day and is always on . alas , after checking if my older router was compatable , it turned out that the specific build of dd-wrt i am running ( "micro " in my case ) does not include the vpn server functionality . if yours does , i would say go to town . i am planning on upgrading my router to someday obtain this very function . configure a windows 7 pc to accept incoming vpn connections alternatively , i found a blog post describing how to set up windows to accept an incoming connection . there is honestly not much to say , this was just a few clicks and now it is up and ready - any time the pc is powered on i can log into the vpn created by it with my windows login credentials . i use the wol function built into dd-wrt , combined with web-access to my router , to remotely wake my pc whenever i need to use the vpn . be sure to forward port 1723 to the pc that will be negotiating these incoming requests . second , i just had to connect . in ics/jb , go to System settings &gt; Wireless and Networks &gt; VPN &gt; Add VPN network and enter your info . i use ddns to work around having to keep up with my isp 's dynamically-assigned ip address . with a little reading and a little network know-how , this was up and working in a few minutes and was much easier than i thought it was going to be !
why not install noled . your screen will light up with dots or icons depending the setup .
at the moment , there is no central spot on your phone to control which notifications show up on your phone and how they behave across apps . for this end , you will need to open up each application and tweak how and when it notifies you about new messages or other events . generally speking , every app has some settings ( or preferences ) that are accessible by the more button . hit the button and a sub-menu of options will pop up , with settings often among them . in most android apps settings , you will find a category for " notification , " " alerts , " or something akin . for the email app that i use for my company emails , it is labelled " notification settings " . find yours and click it ! from the presented screen , you can usually change when and how an app notifies you of whatever it monitors . taking the example of the email app that i am using , i can : un-check the " inbox notifications " entirely to disallow notifications on the status bar . select a ringtone for my incoming email messages . set the phone to vibrate when a new email arrives . with this options you can adjust your app to react the way you intend . note : some system global settings may overwrite your definitions for specific behaviours setup on each app . also some power saving apps like the one i use : easy battery saver have global settings to save battery , included preventing the phone from highlighting or vibrating . i have performed some successful tests using the vodafone huawei u8510 running android os , v2.3 ( gingerbread ) . as far as my knowledge goes , the android 2.2 . x froyo has pretty much the same notification behaviour .
never ever flash android rom without wiping data / cache wipe dalvik cache format system ( optional , but requires for some rom ) always read instructions carefully before flashing any rom / mod and reverify whether its for your phone model only . anyway , as you said you are not able to go to recovery mode , therefore there is no use of having a backup . try to reset your phone , ( ie , press power button for approx 7 - 10 sec ) . if nothing works , follow below instructions : take out the battery . put on the back cover . hold both volume + and volume - while plug in the usb cable to a pc . it will automatically get into ftm mode . then flash generic 2.2 firmware on it . after flashing , it may stuck in the ftm loop . put in the battery and flash again . after 2nd flashing , take out the battery for 10 seconds . then put it back . press and hold both power and volume + to boot into android . i have no experience with zte v9 , so i can not hand on step by step tutorial . hope your phone gets well soon . sources : modaco : zte bricked androidforums : zte unbrick manual
android market just recently added carrier billing for at and t customers .
the developer sets the price in the developer 's local currency . the buyer purchases the app in his/her local currency . google does the conversion . recently the market has started showing the prices already converted to the local currency . that is more to help you understand what the price really is . you still pay with whatever your local currency is and the developer still receives whatever his/her local currency it .
i have since found this link that lists 12 currencies supported by the market . they are : canadian dollar swiss franc danish krone euro british pound hong kong dollar japanese yen norwegian krone new zealand dollar swedish krone singapore dollar us dollar no mention of the australian dollar . presumably an oversight ?
this may not exactly answer your question , but if you press-and-hold the home button , you should get a list of the most recently-run applications . pressing any of them will activate the app . this is built in to ( i believe ) the launcher , so it is possible that this only applies to stock android and that it has different behavior on touchwiz ( or whatever skin samsung put on the galaxy s phones ) .
i usually started an application by inputting the name of the application on the search textbox . in my samsung spica , there is a dedicated " search button " , i can click on the search button to go to the search textbox and start typing the first few letters of the apps i want to start ; the autocomplete will do the rest and you can click on the application you want to start . in android , conceptually all programs are continuous and never halted . when the os needs to reclaim memory , it pauses the application and asks it to save state ; later on , the os wakes the app up and asks it to load its state . conceptually , applications never dies ; conceptually , all applications are running all the time ; android 's activity life cycle is designed to give this sort of illusion .
the app smart taskbar will show you a list of the all tasks ( apps ) that are currently running on your device and allow you to switch to that app , similar to the native functionality but you are not limited to the 6 most recent apps . basically it opens from any screen and also lets you set some shortcuts and widgets and choose from all installed apps ( like the app drawer ) so you can complete any task from anywhere on your phone without having to go to the home screen first . there are a bunch of other apps that let you switch between running apps , just search the market for " task switcher . "
sounds like you are overthinking it . android goes out of it is way to intelligently manage applications and resources . when you leave an app it will generally keep running as long as the resources are available . long pressing home and selecting it or just launching the shortcut again should take you right back to the running app . theoretically it should not matter if it is still running or not , though -- every app is supposed to save it is state in such a way that if the os kills it before you come back , it should still be able to launch back to the same state you left it in . this is not universally applied in programs yet , but it does seem to be much more widespread these days -- presumably because the developers are getting used to the " android way . "
a program like advanced task killer will give you a list of running applications . long press on one of them pops up a menu , and one of the options there is to switch to the application . you can also customize the long press so that the default action is ' switch to ' , saving you a menu . there are lots of reasons why something like a task killer is not something you should be using , but i will not get into all that . i have it on there for the extremely rare occasion that i need to kill a rogue process . you can also do a search over at app brain for ' task switchers ' . appswipe ! looks decent , but i have not used it ( or any of them ) .
i know of two other places in android to get the list of what is currently running . ( this is on my motorola droid . ) from the home screen : Settings | Applications | Running Services  or Settings | Applications | Manage Applications | Running  the views are different ; one shows all the services from each app , the other just shows the apps .
i am the developer of locale . to get started , please read this article on our website about toggling 3g which should answer your questions : http://feedback.twofortyfouram.com/forums/5655-locale-feedback/suggestions/67867-3g-support-for-network-setting?ref=title from that article , i think you will find that using apndroid will be the best solution : it is free , has a locale plug-in , and it contains a widget that can be used to manually toggle internet access on the phone .
you can flash supersu from recovery ( cwm or twrp ) to reinstall the su binaries again . you should then either have supersu already installed , or you can install another su app . then install apphider again , grant it root , and then unhide supersu if it is not already showing . i ran into something similar yesterday while applying the ota to a rooted nexus 5 , and this fixed it .
i have found the solution ! ! ! it is an old bug that some people are trailing since android 1.6 , and wich is always not actualy corrected ! the solution : you must have only one apn set in your mobile network configuration .
i would guess it is an error . the easiest fix would most likely to be to : wipe the launcher app data wipe system data ( factory reset ) return to manufacturer ( hardware issue )
as it turned out , my " raw guess " was a direct hit -- so to make it easier to find for future " searchers " , i make it an answer as promised : this problem is mostly caused by the fact that something got messed up with the apps ' cache and/or data . so what you should try first is : go to settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps select your launcher hit the button labeled " clear cache " if that does not solve the issue , take the same steps -- but in the last step hit the " clear data " button ( note : this will reset the launcher configuration as if you just removed the app and did a fresh re-install ) . if you still had no luck , you could simply uninstall and re-install the launcher ( as long as it is not a system app ) . this will do all the above , but additionally remove ( and on re-install re-create ) the apps dalvik cache . count it as " partial factory reset " . having mentioned the dangerous word : a factory-reset can serve as a " last resort " ( as it cleans the entire device ) -- but you would lose all your data that way , and needed to re-configure everything anew . in case you have to do that ( i do not think it is necessary for your case here ) , take care to have a backup of as much of your data as possible .
if you are running adw , you probably activated the " lock desktop " feature . this prevents accidentally adding/moving/removing icons from the home screen . to disable the lock , simply press the menu button and click " unlock desktop " . in the most recent update of adw , if your desktop is locked , pressing the menu button pops up a dialog box asking if you want to unlock the desktop .
add a blank file named .nomedia in the folders containing music that you do not want to be seen in the music player . media scanner ignores files in the folder with .nomedia file . i have never tried this on eclair , but i guess it should work . and yes , you may have to restart the device after this is done . edit : the restart is to trigger the media scanner to do its job . you can also trigger it by unmounting and remounting your sd card ( which can be done from storage settings or by connecting it to your computer ) , or by using one of the " trigger-happy-apps " like e.g. sdrescan
as my suggestion in above comment seems to be relevant , i hereby convert it to an answer as promised : it might be that is some " cached info " somewhere . you could try walking your apps ( settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps ) for all fitting things ( media player , media scanner , es file explorer . . . ) and delete their caches . check whether that solves the issue . if not , you could try to delete data for media player/scanner at the same place ( at least scanner data should be rebuilt on the next scan ; the player would lose its configured preferences when deleting data ) . keep in mind to check all apps ( not just the downloaded section : the latter only applies to the apps you have installed yourself , while the former also includes system apps ) . when you have cleared cache and data , you library might appear empty at first . this is no bug or problem -- it is just the media scanner needs to rebuild its library . this happens on certain events : after a reboot after a re-mount of the sd card ( e . g . plugging it into your computer via usb , then disconnect it again ) when another app triggers it ( take e.g. a look at sdrescan for this ) .
on my cwm i have " mount usb storage " option under the menu " mounts and storage " .
this suggestion assumes familiarity with connecting to the phone via adb i had a similar situation on my previous phone . i was able to pull the important stuff over adb when the phone was in recovery . in my case i had to mount some of the filesystems to access everything i wanted to retrieve . i am not sure if it is dependent on the phone whether the adb service is available in recovery . on mine it was available in both recovery and download mode . if adb on your computer recognizes and can connect to your phone you should be able to retrieve and save any files you need . if you are not familiar with adb this is a good place to start : http://www.xda-developers.com/android/all-in-one-guide-to-adb/ if you need any help with it let me know , adb is a whole other topic so keeping it simple here .
the enabled=true in this list tells whether the ime 's service is enabled in its manifest ; that is , whether the developer of the ime has allowed it to appear in that list . it has nothing to do with whether it is turned on or off in the settings .
long press on the power off switch while plugged in , next tap on the power off prompt . when it powers off make sure the charging light remains on . if light is not on press power on quickly just so that the battery percentage shows in the center , it should blank screen again and the charging light come on and remain on . you can retest battery charge percent again anytime . when ready to use long press on power on/off to on and watch or wait for rebooting to take place .
at the suggestion of a forum member elsewhere , i called tmobile and asked them about their new " uncarrier " plan . it is a non-contract , postpaid plan with the exact same pricing and services as my current tmo prepaid plan , but i regain the ability to forward voicemails among other things . you have to submit to a credit check for a possible deposit ( max is only one month 's plan ie $50 ) . so going to the " uncarrier " plan was the solution for me . hope this helps .
simple , really : android is safely shutting down vital parts of the run-time , broadcasting intents to notify apps/services to gracefully shut down , which in turn flush their caches for data and shared-preferences , save what-nots to the sqlite database , etc . in other words , apps and services are given a chance to do their clean up systematically . the commands that you have tried are harsher , they actually bypass the safety mechanisms for a graceful shutdown . android is not linux per se , in the sense of an ordinary desktop version of linux where those commands could be issued to shutdown the linux environment . it might be possible to create a wrapper script such as this : #!/bin/sh am broadcast android.intent.action.ACTION_SHUTDOWN sleep(5) reboot  you could save this as safe_shutdown.sh , with permissions of 0755 . mileage may vary , depending on handsets and roms . . . so no guarantees there .
disconnect your phone . reinstall the drivers . toggle usb debug mode , reboot your phone and connect it . if that does not work , try putting your phone into download mode manually .
as of 28/03/2013 the difference is that with the free version is limited to a total of 10 downloads ( maps , voice packages , etc ) and does not support offline wikipedia content . i know because i tried the free version and then buyed the plus one to be able to download entire european countries . also i think is a really good application for 7 euros .
there exist 3 versions of osmand the market free version : full featured the market plus version : full featured , used as a way to donate to the developers as incentive to keep on improving . the f-droid version : a source compiled free software version by fdroid with almost no changes to the normal version . not so frequent app updates . the maps are updated the same way as in the offical build . do not under any circumstances install two versions at the same time , it will seriously destroy both of the apps , the map files on sd , your sanity and your battery power .
there are standards for this , as in the xlist command for imap , which has recently been superseded by the special-use extension of the imap list command . gmail supports these , and fastmail , and mail clients like thunderbird and opera , and even outlook 2013 apparently . the problem with the android mail app ( at least for me ) is that it does not understand these commands , and simply creates folders with localized names . in opera mail and also in thunderbird , you can also manually pick the imap folders to use for storing deleted and sent messages . so you could choose the imap folders that the android client is already using , do not forget to make these changes to all the mail clients if you have multiple machines accessing that imap account . that might help .
you could go into the applications option in settings , and clear the data from the play store app , uninstall updates ( if that is an option ) , stop it running etc . then go and enter the store as usual , which should force it to check and update . this might take a minute or so .
usually , google play services will always run in the background and if there is an latest release of the play store is available , it would updated automatically . you may enable google auto sync and check whether it works . if not , there may be some problem with google play services . alternatively , try installing the apk from xda .
seems like gandhicam is dead . . .
i am not sure it is open source , as i could not find any reference to it being so , but you can try using the contact link on their website to report the bug .
videokiosk may be what you are looking for .
could probably be realized using tasker : condition : boot completed ( or monitor start ) task : start app not sure if you can specify a video file directly here . but there might at least be some video player supporting to automatically start playing the latest playlist , which should make up for it . you can find a free 7-day-trial of tasker on their homepage -- or try alternative automation apps such as e.g. llama - location profiles . another possibility is to create the profile with tasker , and then export it using the tasker app factory ; this way you'ld get a " free version app " of your profile to distribute on the tablets .
it has not . the status would change if the message went through . now you will have to check you mms settings from Messaging -&gt; menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Multimedia message settings and your mms apn from Settings -&gt; Wireless -&gt; Mobile networks -&gt; Access point names ( or Settings -&gt; More.. -&gt; Mobile networks -&gt; Access point names in newer versions ) . after you have corrected these and verified that your carrier/operator has enabled mms on your account , the message should be sent . or you have to long-press it and select Retry .
no , i do not see anything remotely related in the settings unfortunately . and no option to remember seems to pop up when you display images .
there is a modified version of gmail app available over on xda if you feel like you really need to always show images and are willing to replace the " stock " gmail app . it may require root , not sure . edit here is another thread on a gmail that shows images all the time .
i am not aware of a full-blown replacement for titanium backup , but there are solutions for the specific functions you are after : recent versions of link2sd can convert user apps to system apps and vice versa ( available on google play ) . switchme offers a solution for switching among multiple user profiles ( available on google play ) . the free version is limited to two profiles and " no security features " .
go to Contacts &gt; Menu &gt; Display Options , click on your google account and make sure the box for " all other contacts " is checked .
when i looked at my contacts online , most were part of a group called " my contacts " . these people could be searched in the contacts app and in the phone dialer . there was another group called " other contacts " . these were only searchable in the phone dialer . i found a " fix " . first , i moved these over to the " my contacts " group on the web , synced my phone , but it did not fix it . so i tried to find where the setting was to display these people in the contacts app . for me ( running a custom rom similar to stock on an htc sensation ) , there was a drop down list at the top of the app that said " phonebook " . when i saw the accounts in there , my gmail account said it had all 2047 contacts . but what i did not realize was : there was a sub-menu . all categories in the sub-menu had checkmarks except the one called " ( ungrouped contacts ) " . when i put a check mark on that group , all the functionality was restored , and the missing contacts and searchability was back in the contacts app .
can it be that you have unchecked certain contacts to be displayed ? go to contacts , press menu , more , display options and verify that you really display the names you want from the options on that screen .
lie ryan’s answer is probably the ultimate solution but it might be worth trying the less severe clear options first . that is , try the browser clear options in the following order : history , cache , all cookie data , form data and finally passwords . one of those lesser options might just resolve the issue , without having to lose all of your saved passwords .
i do not think it is possible to clear only a single saved password in the stock browser , but you can do Menu &gt; More &gt; Settings &gt; Clear passwords to clear all saved password .
i finally solved the issue . it was related to my apn . my access point allowed only browsing . i changed it to another access point , and it worked !
launcher is a replacement for the home application ( the app that your phone switches to when you press the home button ) . it is basically the application that lets you switch screens , launch apps , view widgets , etc . other apps offer more home screens than the default , or different toolbars at the bottom of the screen offering different ways to quickly launch applications . these were very popular with the initial moto droid since it was basically the stock android 2.0 os which only had 3 home screens . with android 2.2 and the custom interfaces that handset manufacturers add on , the usefulness of these launcher apps may not be so obvious or necessary .
i knew i had turned it on ( autotype/autocorrect/wordpredict ) since i first got my phone , but could not figure out how to turn it off , until now . on my samsung galaxy s i use an android keyboard . there are keyboard options and typing options for the phone under settings in the app area . . . but none of those will change the features of the keyboard itself . these features are accessed from the keyboard , on the bottom line ( as it appears when you first start to type ) . . . there is a settings button ( looks like a cog or a sprocket ) next to the go button . . . you will find all the necessary settings you seek to turn on or off all of the annoying features that your keyboard does automatically . cgh
for htc one vx settings > language and keyboard > htc sence input> advance settings > ( turn off ) word prediction .
turn off tracing . this makes it impossible to disable the prediction part because they use same software bits . then disable the prediction .
the following works for me on an htc incredible . hopefully your settings are similar . settings > language and keyboard > touch input > text input > prediction . you should be able to un-check prediction .
i have a nexus s with 4.0.4 and i have turned off settings/language and input/spelling correction , but when writing smses it still corrects me . then found another settings : settings/language and input/ android keyborad -> press settings button next to this , then down you have show correction suggestion ( i am turing it to always hide )
on the galaxy s4 you can turn off the " predictive " text by going to settings in your apps . settings . . . language and keyboard . hit settings ( cog wheel ) then turn off " predictive " text .
i have a samsung galaxy glide . the predictive text feature can be shut of by doing the following : open a text window like you normally would when you send a text using go sms pro . on the bottom left hand corner you will see the settings icon which is the same as the icon for your phone settings . hit this button and it will bring up a screen of settings that you can select . uncheck the predictive text setting and voilà - no more annoying auto complete when you are trying to text !
the tab 4 uses mhl via the usb port for video-out . if you use an mhl hdmi adapter , it'll provide hdmi video out .
if you replaced the stock launcher with a 3rd-party launcher , the only way to go back to stock launcher is to clear/unset the default launcher ( which is what you did ) , and select a new launcher - in this case , the stock launcher . you will never find a shortcut to the stock launcher in your list of apps .
if you use apex launcher , you can browse available apps and their activities : long-tap on a free space on your homescreen select shortcuts , then activities scroll the list to find your " lost launcher " view its activities . there should be one activity highlighted in a different color , that is the main activity opened when you launch an app . selecting that creates a shortcut on your homescreen you can start it from . writing down the activities technical name , you can also use the " app manager " from the command-line ( terminal or adb ) to launch that activity : am start -n com.app.launcher/com.app.launcher.Activity  here you have to replace com.app.launcher with the package name of the launcher/app in question , and com.app.launcher.Activity with what you have found out above to be the activity 's name .
here is the ultimate answer : first , on your phone , install a terminal-emulator from android market , then run cat /proc/cpuinfo  which will show you the detailed processor information of your phone ( arm5 in my case ) . afterwards , you need to install an arm5 cross-compiler environment on your linux box ( download ubuntu and virtualbox if you are a windows/mac-freak and do not have a linux box ) , in order to compile native code for your phone . you do this in order to be able to start a privilege escalation attack on your phone . so , next , you need to cross-compile a privilege-escalation attack for arm5 ( htc hero microprocessor ) . for that , use the rageagainstthecage attack made by sebastian krahmer of suse linux berlin ( in binary only ) , reverse-engineered here : http://pastebin.com/fxsgij3n a precompiled version is available here http://cmw.22aaf3.com/common/rageagainstthecage-arm5.zip download the android sdk starter kit from google . install the appropriate android platform sdk ( version 2.1 for me ) . http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html then , download the superuser ( su ) package : http://cmw.22aaf3.com/common/su-2.3.6.2-efgh.zip put all , the superuser package , the su program , and the rageagainstthecage exploit in the same folder as adb ( a program to connect to your android phone from the android sdk ) . you need to enable usb-debugging , and switch of internet sharing . next , you transmit the file rageagainstthecage . bin to folder /data/local/tmp on your phone ( initially , as normal user , you have write access only to the sdcard and the temp folder , but this is sufficient ) adb push rageagainstthecage.bin /data/local/tmp/  then you start a shell on your phone : adb shell  and change ownership on rageagainstthecage . bin to all chmod 755 /data/local/tmp/rageagainstthecage.bin  next , you start rageagainstthecage on your phone as normal user /data/local/tmp/rageagainstthecage  when the exploit finished , your adb connection should terminate . if it does not type exit adb kill-server adb start-server  now connect again to your phone : adb shell  adb shell now runs with escalated privileges ( root ) . so now , remount the file system so you can write on the system partition . mount -o remount,rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system exit  now push su and superuser to your phone ( remember , you have write access now ) adb push su /system/xbin/ adb push Superuser.apk /system/app/  and then change ownership on su to all adb shell chmod 4755 /system/xbin/su  next download and install one of all those free tether apps that require you to root your phone . start superuser . now start your tether app . a popup will appear , which will ask you whether you want to grant this app root access . say yes , and check remember . now switch of your phone and restart . when it has restarted , everything is back to normal , no more root privileges . but su is still there and executable for everyone . so , when logged in , start the wifi tether app . since you checked remember in the superuser app , it will use su to switch this application to root , which means it will now run fine , with only the tether app with root privileges : ) next , connect with your linux box to your brand-new working android wifi hotspot . after you are sure it works , do not forget to put access restrictions for the hotspot in place . btw , if you use your escalated privileges to export some apk packages for reverse-engineering , you will notice that android lacks the cp command . you can circumvent that restriction by using cat ( copy-cat ) instead : cat /data/app/superuser.apk &gt;&gt; /sdcard/Downloads/superuser.apk  ; - )
you will not like this answer but your carrier may provide the service if you are willing to pay extra for it . sprint offered a wifi hotspot feature for $30/month on the evo pre 2.2 . ridiculous , yes . but may be your only option .
i do not know of any way to do wifi tethering without root ( before 2.2 ) . you can , however , use bluetooth or a usb cable with pdanet which does not require root .
easy tether is an awesome app that allows wifi tethering . http://www.androidzoom.com/android_applications/communication/easytether-lite_eoqh.html
you can get unrevoked , its an app which gives you root access without changing your kernel/flashing a rom/voiding your warrenty , use that on every startup ( its automatic ) and then get the superuser app . then you can use the open tethering app which requires root access . thats the only free way to do wifi tethering . otherwise pay sprint or your provider the monthly enable tethering fee . worst case scenario you can tether using easytether app . it creates a forwarding mechanism for http requests through the usb port . requires software on android + computer . its not wifi tethering , but its free , rootless tethering . for 3 bucks you can get the pro version and do https as well . better than nothing ( or 30 bucks a month --err thats insane-- )
my samsung galaxy s ( android 2.1 ) had a tethering option build in from the start . settings-> wifi-mobile ap and i only had to check a checkbox for it to work . and it works really great . ( not locked here t-mobile/netherlands ) i can not find the application name though .
short answer , you need to root for wifi hotspot tethering , or pay sprint $30 a month . i thought about purchasing the package , but decided against it because they already charge you $10 extra per line for no legit reason . my thought there is they expect you to tether and can not do anything about it really , so they charge you extra and every month , 10 bucks adds up quickly per line , especially for those on your plan who do not even care to tether at all .
yes . as the samsung galaxy note 2 supports mhl for video output , this is possible ( with a special cable ) if the projector supports mhl input , or with a bigger adaptor if it does not . see my answer on how does mhl work ? for more details .
in my opinion there is an issue with the default mail app on the samsung galaxy phones . i have recently switched from iphone to galaxy note 3 and was really disappointed with the mail app not properly deleting emails from the server using imap . i know what i am doing and have it successfully working on other droid and ios devices . my work - around is to not use the trash can icon to delete mail but instead to use the move icon and choose to move the mail to the inbox . trash folder . or you could just use maildroid as there is much more control over what you want to do . i am back on the default mail app now and happy with my work - around as the samsung email app works best with the galaxy gear smart watch .
this might seem silly to ask , but is your auto-sync to gmail setting on ? assuming your email 's imap settings are correct , then the issue is with your phone . in the case of the default email android client , you need to have auto-sync on for each added email account . once that is checked on , your emails on the server will reflect any changes made on the phone .
to my understanding this functionality is to configure your current provider services such as offers , cheaper international calls , flatrates . . . but i suppose you had always have to login first . just the those 3 things do not seem to be secure enough to just login with them .
it is to do with the transport mode you are using when you tell maps to ask for directions . pick a point on the map . press and hold till the bubble comes up . tap on the bubble , choose directions , now the directions panel comes up with from and to lines and under that will be the choice driving , public transport or walking . choose driving then press navigation . that works for me after i was suffering the same problem as you . hope this helps
after months of not being able to debug through adb , i have figured it out . according to this answer on stack overflow , the program EasyTetherUSBEthernet can cause problems with adb . running this in terminal , with a reboot fixed all my problems . sudo kextunload -v /System/Library/Extensions/EasyTetherUSBEthernet.kextv  if you need to use EasyTetherUSBEthernet you can reload it using : sudo kextload -v /System/Library/Extensions/EasyTetherUSBEthernet.kext 
follow this steps , it will bring you phone back to life http://www.hackmyandroid.com/how-unbrick-optimus-android-phone/1980
if you can connect your phone via usb cable , just drag and drop to the folder dcim . if you want to transfer them wireless , try android transfer . here is a guide that may help you : how to transfer photos from android to computer
aside from using mtp , if you have trouble with that , there are several alternatives you could use . the easiest probably is a tool like airdroid , which simply runs on your android device , and can be accessed from your computer using your web browser . another possibility ( which i use regularly ) is qtadb , which requires a little setup on your computer ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) , and usb debugging enabled on your android device . *qtadb contains a file manager , which allows you to easily transfer files to and from your device , and also to install *.apk files directly from your computer .
option 1: ( easier ) if the two devices are connected to the same wifi network , you could transfer files to and from the note 2 via an app called airdroid . it is actually quite easy to use . after installation on the note 2 , just follow the instructions . you will need to open a browser , such as chrome , and navigate to the url displayed on the note 2 . option 2: if you want to get techy , i have figured out a way to turn my tablet into a mini http server using python and the sl4a scripting layer . after a little bit of setting up , just run the script and navigate to your mobile device 's ip address . then make your way to the files on the device , right-click and save . zipping the files you want to transfer on the device first saves you a lot of time . if you need to find out your device 's ip address , you can use an app called wifi analyzer . here 's the link for the sl4a scripting layer . please follow the python instructions . p.s. make sure you only so this on a secure network . anyone with your device 's ip address would be able to access your files .
i just asked asked a similar question at *move* *photos* from android to pc *wirelessly* *in one step* after becoming frustrated that the seemingly common task of moving photos from a phone to a pc ( crazy , i know ) was met with suggestions ranging from rooting and tweaking the phone to adb to cumbersome file transfers ( fine for us techies , not fine for e.g. my grandmother ) , i found . . . tl ; dr : photo transfer app optional : application for windows side (www.phototransferapp.com/win/) or application for mac side (www.phototransferapp.com/mac/). if you dont install them ( or are using linux ) you can just connect to the phone in a web browser . . . . which does almost exactly this , except it cant delete photos off the phone ( not that i can tell anyways ) . at the time of this writing it is a reasonable $2 usd . as a bonus it supports phone-to-phone and pc-to-phone transfers as well . its faster than airdroid and good when theres no internet connection ; also the pc-side software can autodetect the device and gives clear access to photos , and doesnt require any rooting or special features or anything like that . if it could delete the photos it would be perfect . airdroid kinda works too but relays the files through an internet connection , which given current ( i.e. . past 15 years ) technology isnt actually necessary to transfer photos from a phone to a pc . thank god there are still some sane developers left in this world .
i think you can try jihosoft android photo transfer this one can : backup android pictures on pc in 3 steps support all popular android phone models preview photos before you transfer them transfer android videos to computer as well i have tried 3-5 software , but this one work best . find it at http://www.android-sms-transfer.com/help/android-photo-transfer.html
you can do this easily using an app such as sg usb mass storage enabler . as you already know , your device does not support mass storage facility . so you have to ask help from mtp modes or enable the mass storage mode . the app stated above does the latter . it is easy . but you have to have the root access . if you do not know how , use this guide to know how .
i would suggest installing : smart app lock https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sp.protector.free you can password protect apps from being uninstalled using the app .
root that device and move that app to /system/app
i managed to make the android sync by going to the contacts , exporting to internal memory and then importing back . . . then it started to push contacts to cloud . . . the iphone picked it up by itself . . .
first of all , remember that sync works both ways - if you delete contacts on the phone , it will delete them on google . if this happens , do not despair , as gmail has a nice " way-back " type of restore ; you can restore back to any time . i used this for my wife 's iphone when i set it up . i mainly wanted to post this for the above cya , as i think it is important . i do not remember exactly what settings i had to change to get it working , and she is not around now , so i can not look to see . but knowing about the restore should give you the ability to experiment more . i may have set up the sync to their icloud , or whatever it is called , but i doubt that this really buys anything . i believe that once you get it in sync , so to speak , it will work correctly after that . i think you just need to restore the gmail contacts , and they will then sync to the phone . it may have tried to sync gmail to the phone before instead of the other way around previously . sorry i can not give the exact settings or procedure to use , but i hope it will help .
yes , such internet-based applications normally use background services to stay connected with their servers and use mobile data when wi-fi is not available . but data usage is often very low for such background apps . if you want to stop any data usage of any app when you are not using internet apps , you can disable mobile data temporarily . to do so , go to settings -> wifi and networks -> mobile data and uncheck the option to disable mobile data . also , if you are using android 4 ics or newer , you can disable background mobile data usage for some apps . just go to settings and under wireless and networks , click on data usage . then you will see a list of apps that has used your data . select the app you want to restrict and in newer window , scroll to bottom and check option " restrict background data " . then , no background mobile data for that app is allowed .
converting my comment into an answer , as it proofed according to its follow-ups : in a thread at xda , a user states : i had the same problem when i tried to setup an exchange email account and installed a certificate . fixed it by deleting all certificates . settings> security> clear credintials so i would suggest you just do that . for additional information , also take a look at this thread at android-forums , which deals with the same problem you mention as example in your question ( "screen pattern lock " -- here : disable lock screen ) .
ps : i have just talked to some of my friends and on their phone i disappeared from their favourites list automatically without manually refreshing . i have just received the following answer from whatsapp 's support team : hi there , thanks for confirming your account to be deleted within the whatsapp settings . your phone number has been deactivated and it is scheduled to be deleted within 30 days . therefore , please have your contacts refresh their favorites list so that you no longer appear as a whatsapp user . if you have any other questions or concerns , please feel free to contact us . we would be happy to help ! sad that my friends have to refresh their favourites list manually for me to be deleted . especially when exactly this is described by whatsapp 's faq to be done seemingly automatically when you delete your account : deleting your account will do the following : [ … ] delete you from your friends ' whatsapp favorites lists . [ … ]
please erase the camera data : Settings -&gt; Application -&gt; Camera -&gt; Clear Data 
the simple answer : you cannot . the expanded answer : you cannot , unless the developer has specified this on their site . you could also email them to ask them . the developer uses the manifest file of their app to specify certain hardware or software version requirements for their app - google play then uses this info so that it does not install an app on an incompatible device . some examples of what they could put are : minimum android version maximum android version hardware requirements gps required you need to have an accelerometer you need to be able to use portrait/landscape mode if the app uses the ndk and it is built for armv7 , you will need an armv7 device .
the simplest answer to your question would be that the developer has excluded your device from the list of supported devices . this could due to the following reasons : your phone might be causing some problems with the app . this can lead to the developer excluding your device . the developer has excluded devices of certain form factors . the developer may be targeting only particular handsets . you might be able to get details of supported devices from the developer 's website .
the theory is that you should not need to know . when the developer publishes an app there is a manifest . xml file that describes the required capabilities . these can be both hardware and firmware related . e.g. you need a minimum android version or you need a specific hardware feature like gps . google play then automatically filters which apps you can see and install based on these requirements . the developer can also impose geographic requirements and potentially carrier requirements as well as disallowing specific devices if they want to . in your case the obvious thing to do is to first check if the developer has a website with any more information . if that is of no help try emailing them the filtering can be tricky and catches developers out . if the developer is at all responsive they should come back to you . it is in their interest to have the app work on as many devices as possible normally , so if there is no good reason for it to be incompatible with your device they should appreciate the opportunity to work out the issue . if there is a valid issue then your question may help prompt them to make the information available on a website or in the description .
as the other answers already state , requirements are stored in the .apk 's Manifest . there are several tools available to help you analyze this file , as e.g. is described at stackoverflow 's question how to view androidmanifest . xml from apk file ? . examples given in the answers include : android-apktool aapt ( as also explained by dianne hackborn ) then there also are . . . manifest explorer axml2xml . pl android xml parser . . . and probably many more .
no . what you are doing there is not just setting a port number away from the default : setting the number at all is what causes the device to start listening . before you run the steps in the question , the device is not listening for adb connections on any port at all . for this reason , there is no " default port " to connect to without setting anything up on the device .
if you have a later version of android ( it works on 4.4 for sure ) , there is a wireless debugging option in developer tools . you can activate that and type this in terminal , adb connect &lt;ip address of phone&gt; it will default to using port 5555 if you do not give it a port . i think that is what you are after .
you should be able to go into settings-> sounds and change the vibration intensity along with what vibration pattern is used for calls and text messages . if this does not work , there is an app called custom sms tones on the market , download that and you can change your sms vibration patterns . it just will not work for e-mail . hope this helps !
as pendant to the udev setup you describe in your question , windows needs a special driver . until recently that meant the manufacturer had to provide one matching to the device ; but luckily we now have the universal android usb driver , which should work for most devices . if that does not work for yours , you need to check with huawei for a specific driver .
could be a bug in the app , but i rarely use the calendar widget . it is also possible that this has been casued by the time change , or that you are in the afternoon . however , you could try erasing all data on the app , and clearing it is cache , then trying again .
one way to prevent this is to create an extra guest profile with help from switchme : get root , install switchme , create an guest profile , protect your profile with an password and enable switchme 's login manager feature . this allows you to recover the tablet by rebooting into your profile and resetting or deleting the guest profile . note that switchme may not work with your rom .
logcat displays android 's logs . this is by definition information about things that happened in the past . android 's logs are stored in a ring buffer and if full , the then oldest entries are overwritten . it depends on how much is being logged , when that happens . besides this , the buffer is reset when you restart the phone , so logs cannot be older than the current uptime .
in the syncronisation screen you have to turn synchronisation on global . only if that is on you have checkboxes next to each category inside the google account . you can uncheck the box at contacts then . if the global sync is off you do not have this option . i think it is a bit dangerous the first time you enter that menu , because you have to be sure your internet connection is disconnected . otherwise the first time , when all sync boxes are still on it will start right away to sync everything before you have the chance to disable the sync-box for contacts . if you are offline you can setup everything like you wish and then it is fine .
to make sure that none of my contacts get synychronized to google ( setup : cyanogenmod 10 with android 4.1 ) i deleted the googlecontactssyncadapter . apk in folder /system/app/ . after restarting no contacts got synchronized , if i add a new contact i also get the information , that the contact will only be stored locally . google calendar synchronization works normally . see also this thread .
i advise you to read thoroughly the following resources before taking any step to make changes to your os , so you can be sure if you are doing things right with titanium backup : titanium backup user’s guide : the titanium backup manual . titanium backup technical faq : the most frequently asked questions . titanium backup troubleshooting : in case you have problems… titanium backup cryptography : all about encrypting and decrypting your backups . titanium backup tips and suggestions : some useful tips . titanium backup howtos : this can help you get some specific jobs done . titanium backup licensing : if you have questions or problems with license keys for the donate version or the pro version on the market .
titanium backup does not know about and will not back up external storage ( e . g . , on newer asop , /data/media/0/ , /data/media/10/ , /data/media/11/ etc . , what you might think of as /mnt/sdcard , /sdcard , /storage/emulated/legacy , etc . ) . for that , you had have to either tell the app which puts stuff there to back things up , back it up with some other tool , or rely on backup of /data partition from non-stock recoveries ( twrp , clockworkmod also known as " nandroid" ) . really , when you think about it , the third of those three is a special case of the second .
if you would like more information on backing up your device ( s ) with titanium backup ( pro ) , here is a comprehensive youtube review entitled : titanium backup pro : full in-depth review !
short answer widgets do not actually " run " themselves , like normal apps do . the widget host ( i.e. . the home screen app , or the lock screen ) is in charge of drawing all the widgets . the widget provider ( part of the app ) tells the host what layout to give each widget , and how often it wants the widget to update . there is nothing running to " suspend " , regardless of whether the widget is visible or not . resource cost while the widget does not " run " , it still has to be shown on the screen . every widget therefore makes the host process ( i.e. . the launcher ) a little more expensive in cpu usage and memory . every time the widget is redrawn ( whenever it changes , or whenever the home screen animates ) , it makes that redraw use a few more cpu cycles . also , once the provider has told the host what layout to use , the host has to use ram to remember the widget 's layout . because it is the host storing that information and drawing the widget , it counts towards the host 's battery use and memory footprint , not the app 's . how much cost it is depends on the host ( that is , which launcher you use ) , as well as on how complex the layout is . for this reason , android puts strict limits on the complexity of each widget 's layout , as well as the total size of all images used in the widget . the limit depends on the pixel size of the screen , so on a nexus-10 it is huge . if you have lots of widgets , all using large images or complex layouts , the launcher process can take up quite a lot of memory , so it is more likely to be killed while you are running an app in the foreground . the effect of this would be to cause a short delay when going to the home screen . services of course , it is also possible for a background service to keep giving the host ( home screen ) a new layout for the widget . this is how ( say ) an email widget can be updated when you have new emails . such a service would run whether the widget is currently displayed or not : there is no way for the service to tell . for example , if you have an email widget , the normal email service should run at intervals to check mail , and update the widget during the course of its normal run if there is any new mail . in this case , the only cost of the widget is the small cost inside the host , because the service would be running anyway to sync your mail in the background . having a rotating list ( such as in your example ) should not in itself make you think there is a service always running in the background , for this reason : lists and rotating banners the interface that widget providers use to specify what the layout should be allows them to give a list of items . for example , this might be a list of email messages , or a list of calendar appointments , that you can scroll through . the provider can also have the home screen rotate through the list automatically . the youtube widget uses this , for example , so that the widget can keep showing new videos without the provider having to keep changing the layout . if your widget uses this facility , then the home screen only runs any extra code when it is time to rotate the list . which cost is important ? the resource cost of a normal widget ( that is , one that does not have an insanely complicated layout and does not use huge bitmaps ) is tiny compared to the cost of a background service to update it with new information . to take your ea daily deals example , you do not need to worry about the widget rotating , but rather how the daily deals are updated . does the service run all of the time , or every few minutes ; or does it actually run once a day to fetch the new deals ? does it stop itself if there is no internet connection ? will it wake the device from sleep to do an update ? these are all things the app author had to program , and that users can not control ( and do not need to know about directly ) , but they have a much bigger effect on the widget 's cost than anything the launcher does . tl ; dr drawing widgets , even rotating widgets , is cheap : too cheap to measure the cost . the real cost is whatever app runs in the background to update the widget with new data . how often that app runs depends on the app , and does not depend on whether the widget is displayed at any given time .
in my experience , widgets keep running even when the phone is locked , or a different home screen is selected .
taking google 's music app as an example ( i would wager most others are implemented similarly ) , there are two distinct parts that constitute the app : the foreground processes and tasks that the user interacts with the background service that actually handles music playback point 2 can be verified in this android developer 's blog post wherein it is stated : music playback runs in a service to allow it to continue operating after the user leaves the music application . this distinction ends up being important when you remove an app from the recent tasks list . as covered in my answer to another question , the following is what happens when you swipe an app out of the list , as stated by android engineer dianne hackborn : actually , removing an entry in recent tasks will kill any background processes that exist for the process . it will not directly causes services to stop , however there is an api for them to find out the task was removed to decide if they want this to mean they should stop . this is so that removing say the recent task of an e-mail app will not cause it to stop checking for e-mail . in this case , that means that the foreground tasks of the music app are being stopped , but the background service ( evidently ) chooses to continue running . this is a product of the way the app is implemented , so you simply will not be able to stop music playback by swiping the app out of the list . instead , you can try the following from the recent apps list ( also covered in the above linked answer ) : if you really want to completely stop an app , you can long press on recent tasks to go to app info , and hit force stop there .
after formatting both ext and int sd card , it is not possible to recover , as the files are spreaded over both locations . nowadays games ' sizes can be in gigs , so developers , instead of consuming internal memory , prefer move the game data to external cards if they are found . we call it app2sd . its availble beyond android 2.2 froyo . so imo the game might be missing its raw file from external sd . btw , which game you are talking about and what was its original apk size ?
in the phone 's settings : communication -> cellular network -> access points ( the actual names/path may vary by language/type , but that should give you an idea ) i switched from wap to internet . the operator was providing it all along , just the phone was defaulting to wap .
besides being an apn issue , as pointed out by aadi , it could also be that your current mobile contract does not allow some type of mobile communication ( like gtalk ) . you should contact your mobile carrier and ask him .
it is an ap issue , call your operator and ask him to send the gprs settings again . once done , choose it and if it does not work , restart phone , it should work .
if you are using the terminal app on your device then you do not need to use " adb shell " . you just need to run the " am broadcast -a android . intent . action . screen_on " . i do not know why you would want to run that from your terminal app since the screen would already be on . you need to have usb debugging on if you are trying to connect via the console on your pc to your device . you also need to have the drivers installed if you are using a windows machine .
i have found the solution that might help lots of people . i was able to install rom toolbox pro , i tried to fix the permissions but that did not help then i changed the setting under app2sd that was set to save everything to extsd regardless of what it is to auto as it should be by default i think and now i can install anything from the playstore without getting any errors . i think droidsail super app2sd changed that setting behind the scene . anyone who played around an app like app2sd and has the same issue as i did will probably be able to solve it using my method . good luck !
in cm10.1 , Settings &gt; Advanced &gt; Haptic .
hit the menu button . it should then bring up the day/week/month view options .
battery indicator pro or a similar alternative might help . in addition to showing the remaining battery in numbers , it also tries to " guesstimate " the remaining minutes , depending on light/medium/heavy usage .
for random shut downs , that is most probably a loose battery problem . stick some dental floss ( i used oral-b glide floss ) in the side opposite the battery connectors . i used that floss because it is a bit spongy when you bunch it up but at the same time hard . used about 1.5 feet of it bundled up in my nexus s phone . when you push the battery in , make sure it is tight , but not too tight . this will force the battery to remain contacted at the pins . when the battery is loose and can disconnect from the pins ( for even a fraction of a second ) , you get an open circuit and the phone shuts off completely ( no power ) .
i have updated my phone as well , yesterday , and it is indeed quite slow at times . here are two easy things you can do ; replace your home screen with launcherpro , it is a lot faster if you are rooted , lower your vmheapsize ( 24m seems like a good value ) now these small tweaks are probably going to be insufficient , but at least they are safe . the other thing you can do is to find the original android 2.3 rom for your device , and flash it to your device .
yes , sony made the ics upgrade a horrible experience which does slow down the handset and lag . two choices : downgrade to gingerbread 2.3 . x try switching to custom rom called legacyxperia to use jellybean . the experience is more satisfying and smooth . for that to happen : need adb , fastboot binaries if your bootloader can be unlocked , check sony warning if yes and proceed to do so , you will lose your data you would need to backup your apps ( there is other questions on this site about this topic ! ) download the legacyxperia rom , extract boot.img from zip , flash it to bootloader reboot and toggle volume keys to get into clockworkmod recovery choose wipe data/cache choose install from adb sideload , cwm will wait , adb sideload name_of_zip_file , cwm will start loading and installing the rom . reboot and enjoy jellybean .
in a word : no . in order for all applications on the device to have access to a cifs mount , cifs support needs to be compiled into the kernel ( or at least available as a loadable module ) . i have never seen a device that shipped with such a kernel from the manufacturer . does not mean that they do not exist , i just have not seen them . now , for some devices that have been rooted/unlocked and replacement kernels can be compiled , i have seen kernels made with cifs support built in . once you have cifs support in the kernel , you could use an application like mount manager to handle the system-wide mounts . the applications like es file explorer you have seen with cifs support have their own private implementation . they are unable to mount the share into the global namespace such that other apps could take advantage .
i use photowonder for this .
do you have avg anti-virus installed on your device ? if yes he might be the guy not letting through these short number messages
there are a few apps that can do this for you , or at least some of these things . one i saw on lifehacker yesterday is agent . agent is a combination automation tool and personal assistant that will silence your phone during meetings , remember where you parked , auto-respond to texts and phone calls while you are driving , and more , all so you do not have to .
no option to do this exists . you will need to select each song individually . to make it easier you could arrange by album instead of song , because you likely have fewer albums than individual songs .
you can unlock your htc hero using unlock code from simpleunlocking . com and get free instructions from mobileunlockguide . com to unlock from the network . you can get your mobile unlocked in a quicker way through this method and it is reliable .
try one of the online unlocking websites . if you are paranoid , see if your bank still offers limited-use credit cards with a very small limit for online purchases , or use a pre-paid card .
newton 's second law states that force = mass * acceleration . we can use this formula to solve for mass:: mass = force / acceleration . as such , we need a known force in order to take a measurement of acceleration to determine mass . hopping into the air is going to be a variable , instantaneous force . also , your legs are going to act like variable force springs to absorb your impact with the ground . all of these variables would really frustrate your attempt to get anything close to a valid mass reading . nasa has created device that uses the measurement of acceleration to determine mass for astronauts in space . the space linear acceleration mass measurement device ( slammd ) uses two springs to generate a known force on the subject and then reads the acceleration to determine mass . there is a nice video on youtube explaining how it works and providing a demonstration of the device in action .
go to recovery and create backup or use titanium back up to back up apps . one more way is to recompile rom zip with placing needed apk in installation folder . you can find more details on xda forums
try following the below steps on your device . these steps may vary slightly based on the android version you use but it may be similar in the settings ( i.e. . menu option may change ) . 1 . open up the menu . 2 . navigate to settings . 3 . open apps> all . 4 . scroll to the app android keyboard ( aosp ) . 5 . then choose clear data option . 6 . scroll to the user dictionary and do a simple force stop this is just a small bug in the android keyboard . note:-by doing these steps you will lose all the typed/saved words in the dictionary which you have entered apart from the standard words which remain the same .
try changing keyboard , go to the play store , download a keyboard , then go to settings and activate it and then you should be able to enter the pin
goto play store and download swift keyboard . now you should be able to reset it for sure .
i solved this by installing opera classic 12.1 . single-clicking the " download " link prompted me to open the file via google music or via opera . selecting opera started the file downloading via opera 's built-in download manager . quite a fail for chrome : (
i tried to download the link using chrome for android several times , but it always disappears . like i have been telling myself before , android for chrome is not mature enough and lacking in ( so many ) features . i would suggest installing a 3rd-party browser like dolphin or boat , which are both highly-customizable . i downloaded the mp3 file successfully using boat ( which is my main browser ) , and it appears in my download folder .
it did exist in an earlier version i was using late 2013 . . but as of the current release , the option has disappeared .
wikipedia mentions that this feature exists , but i can not seem to find it in either chrome nor in chrome beta .
yes , it matters . the pins on a micro-usb connector are inside , and they are only on one side of the connector , so you can not get power or data through the connection if it is upside-down . if you got a reaction , it was probably just from the outside of the plug , which is connected to ground . if you are pushing it in hard enough to do that , you are probably damaging the socket , so try to avoid doing that in future .
yes , it matters . it will not charge if the pins are not aligned properly .
no not every android phone does this but it is done in many htc phones . the reason is simple : memory usage . here is the breakdown : when the system is running out of memory , the inbuilt task killer of the system automatically kicks in and checks to see if it can stop an application and recover some ram . htc sense devices employ a launcher that is " heavy " and often uses up a lot of memory so when the task killer sees you are not using your launcher and knows it needs the ram for another app , it kills the launcher . thus , when you hit the home button or quit the app , the launcher has to re-initialize . tips : do not use a task-killer if you dont have a low end device . android already has a built-in one that kills apps and does it safely . using apps such as " advanced taskkiller " actually mess with the way the system kills apps and actually can cause more force closes and system instability in the long run . additionally , the more ram the system has , the more the launcher uses to cache stuff it needs . this is good because the launcher becomes more responsive and fast as its using a cached copy instead of grabbing it all over again . if you clear the cache constantly , it needs to re-cache the items and so it will be less responsive . use a lighter launcher . sense might be good but there are more rock solid and light launchers such as launcher pro that wont experience this problem . you dont need a new phone with more ram . trust me , 1gb of ram is more than enough with the right system . : )
" hboot " mode is something of a misnomer , really , that i usually see when people mean " reboot into your hboot menu " . i think the reason these got conflated to each other is because Fastboot mode activates by default when you land on hboot on most ( possibly all ) htc phones . they do exist separately , though , as devices without an hboot menu can still have a fastboot mode . this is definitely a little confusing , though , since what is really happening is that you are getting rebooted into hboot which is then immediately loading fastboot . you should be able to get to the bootloader 's main screen by selecting Bootloader from the fastboot screen . essentially , though , hboot is just a bootloader , which gives you the ability to chain-boot into several other partitions or modes ( including fasboot ) . i say it is not really a " mode " because it does not really allow for any interaction , it just loads and waits for you to choose something else from the menu ( with one exception , see below ) . hboot also has the ability to install a properly named and signed zip file if placed on the root of your sd card , which it will attempt to do right after the bootloader has fully loaded . this seems to have been designed as a sort of last-ditch reflash method , and used to be a part of several manual rooting methods on htc phones ( which is now largely unnecessary ) . the exact naming convention depends on your device , but they are usually of the form PC[some number]IMG.zip . fastboot mode is the state your device goes into so that it can accept fastboot commands , which largely deal with manually flashing partitions on the device . notably , you can flash unsigned partition images when in fastboot . it is handy for recovery purposes , but also useful for development and generally hacking around ( depending on what you are doing ) . you can read a bit about the details of fastboot here . your " recovery mode " ( or recovery partition ) is different from hboot . it is a separate partition on your device which contains a very basic kernel and gui that can be used to repair and/or restore your system , with the features varying depending on the exact recovery you are using . typically a manufacturer will ship their devices with their own " stock " recovery , but there are many custom ones available which are more robust . there is a related android enthusiasts question which also discusses this .
i got a nexus s a couple of months ago . first thing i did was to root it an switch to cyanogenmod . since then , it is all been a nightmare , but i can not really tell if it would have been better if i sticked to the stock rom . thing it the phone will not make it till 9pm . the battery use shows " android os " generally taking over 50% of my battery , way more than what the display uses ( which in most phones is reasonably the main source of battery drainage ) . my veredict is negative . a nexus should be part of the most slick android saga out there . it get 's the cutting edge updates right from google and the community care about it as well . users should not be having to worry about battery issues and which are the workarounds for this . sadly , i have decided to sell this phone and go back to my beloved nexus one , which from my point of view , does deserve its place in the nexus breed .
i do not think it is unreasonable to charge a smartphone every night if you are actively using it throughout the day . some games/apps can be quite taxing on the cpu and actually generate some heat . that 3g radio you have probably has a long journey to the signal tower too . i find that if i use my phone just a as phone - with the odd text message /phone call i could probably last over 2 days , but that is no fun : ) if you are having issues be sure to check the battery usage in settings > about phone . if for some reason you are unable to charge it is possible to stretch out the battery life loads by turning off background data/brightness/switching to 2g etc .
20 hours is not at all shabby for an advanced smartphone . charging over night us just the habit you must get into . before coming to android i had a nokia n95 and i was lucky if that made it through the day !
cyanogenmod roms has a feature that by long pressing the back button you can kill the running process .
while i am not nearly as well up as you , i have not seen any replies and this might be of interest - if not to you then to others looking for info on prestigios . i have a prestigio pap 4500 duo which bricked itself spontaneously on new year 's eve , sleeping the sleep of death . it is under guarantee so all i was looking for was a possible reboot mechanism . i happened upon this menu which seems to offer lots more than you described . now i could not navigate the menu , but that may be because of a fault , but the menu is there to be accessed . thanks for your info and hope this adds a little , mjf ( click in the image for larger picture )
all account data on the phone is lost after a factory reset . perhaps you can use a different way to find that email address , however . did you ever send email from that account to one of your other email accounts ? what about to a friend or family member ? see if you can find one of those old messages . did you ever log into a google service using that account on a pc/mac browser ? if so , maybe you can find it in your browsing history or saved passwords . did you link that google account with any other online service ? did you create a google+ account with that address ? you might have if you ever wrote a review of an app in the google play store . try and find your google+ profile .
you might want to take a look at the dns settings app , which claims to be able to do what you want ( you just have to switch once to a static ip to change the dns settings , and then switch back to dynamic ip , according to the description ) . that is the only non-root app i could find for this issue -- there are two more apps at least , but they require root to work .
based on my experience , gps always loses its accuracy after a few days . its data becomes stale . what i would normally do is : use fasterfix to make sure i am connecting to the ntp servers nearest me . refer to this xda list for suggested ntp servers . you can also use fastergps if you like ; i have no issues with either apps . use wireless networks ( wi-fi or mobile network ) to help fix my location . in my samsung galaxy s4 , this is in : System settings &gt; More &gt; Location services &gt; Use wireless networks . reset gps data with gps test plus ( or its free version ) . when you do this , make sure you are outside the building , where are are no obstructions ( trees , etc ) . after some time , i check google maps and see if my position has updated . more often than not , this will improve the accuracy of my gps location . when i notice that my position is off , i check those items i listed above . also , when you are inside buildings , do not expect to get an accurate reading , unless your phone has a really awesome ( i.e. . powerful ) gps .
you could try with on{x} a free app by microsoft before going for tasker ( paid ) where you could do it using the " file modified " context on the directory where the images are copied .
never tried it myself , but maybe it helps : funambol wirelessly syncs contacts , calendars , email and pictures between mobile phones , pcs , tablets and connected devices via the cloud . they offer a ( free ) cloud service , or you can install the os-version yourself .
davical is a great calendar server , so if your phone supports ical , you might look at either hosting a local instance on the pc you want to sync with , or hosting it on a server or nas server you may/may not have ( i use my nas for this . ) . yahoo ! calendar is also great for syncing . i use it to sync with my fiance for our wedding planning : )
if you use a caldav server such as sogo or davical with lightning , you can then use caldav-sync on your android device to sync your calendars there as well . sogo also has carddav support , and carddav-sync will keep your contacts in sync as well .
so i was trying to do this with my outlook calendar ( at work ) . export a ics file to a dropbox folder use dropsync on android to keep the file in sync on the local sdcard use icssync to parse the ics file and add it to the native calendar app the above approach works for me , ofcourse you had have to find a way to schedule/automate the export of your calendar from your calendering app on ubuntu . for outlook , i am using outlook2ical .
it does not . if you do not change any settings , android will always do power management the same way . installing and removing apps can affect battery life since running processes may eat battery while your acreen is locked , and the like .
actually battery life can change and according to this post from htc it can even be improved by the steps outlined in the post .
i will agree with al everett and say that the amount of playing with the new toy is certainly a factor early on . i also did not notice any intrinsic changes in the systems battery management over time . i did however notice a massive increase in battery life by turning off auto-sync , and even mobile on occasion . with those two on , i would see a significant drop in battery when i slept overnight , but it does not budge with those two off . i use two power control widgets , the htc data dashboard and the android power control widget . between the two , it is a piece of cake to tweak power settings to make sure i get the most out of the battery .
of course you can do ota updates manually , without rom manager premium . on the handset open up a browser of your choice and navigate to http://download.cyanogenmod.com/ on the left column , under the " by device " section tap on the codename for your device ( e . g . " passion " for nexus one ) optionally , you can filter the download list by type ( stable vs . nightly ) by tapping on the type right above the list of downloads . tap on the filename to begin download . obviously a wifi connection is recommended because the roms are fairly large , at around 100 mb . once the download completes , reboot into recovery ( clockworkmod , amon-ra , etc . ) perform a nandroid backup , so that you can do a restore in case something goes wrong in subsequent steps . wipe cache and dalvik-cache partitions ( you will need to find the relevant menu entries in whatever recovery image you are using . ) this step is not mandatory , but can help resolve stability issues , so always i perform it . [ edit ] 7 . a . note that if you are upgrading to the same rom ( i.e. . flashing a newer nightly of cyanogenmod ) you do not have to wipe data . this way all of your current apps and settings are retained . only if you change to a different rom altogether ( i.e. . going from cm to a sense port ) would you need to start over by wiping the /data partition . select to flash a zip from sd card from the " download " folder ( could be a different directory , depending on the browser you are using . ) this can take a while , and the progress bar might appear to be stuck , but do not cut power to the phone or you will risk corruption . once the " success " message appears you can move forward . optionally flash an alternate kernel image ( for overclocks , etc . ) reboot your phone . this step will take longer than usual , since the caches are being rebuilt . rom manager premium automates most of these steps so that you do not have to muck around the recovery too much , but you can always to this yourself . it is still over-the-air , since you are not hooking your phone up to a pc to transfer the files . [ edit ] furthermore , you can even automate the notifications of new builds being posted for cyanogenmod via rss feeds . the trick is that the cm download page does not provide its own rss feed , so you have to create your own via one of the free services : get your device 's link ( e . g . http://download.cyanogenmod.com/?type=nightly&amp;device=passion for nexus one nightly builds . ) go to one of the free rss-from-website creation services and create an rss feed for the link above . you might need to tinker with advanced settings to get the listing . for example , i created this rss feed for nexus one nightly builds . subscribe to the newly generated feed in your favorite rss reader ( e . g . google reader use an android rss reader app that has notifications feature ( e . g . newsrob ) and set up a notification for this feed .
if you want to update cyanogenmod nightly builds over the air you will need the premium version of rom manager , this is the way to obtain donations to the project . an ota update is basically a download of a full rom or a patch of some files that is saved to the storage of your phone and once it’s downloaded it installs automatically the full rom or the patch to the phone . this system is used in many android phones to deliver updates without the need to connect the phone to a computer to update the system .
please , give more details . have you saw twitter and facebook messages in the friendstream before ? i have the same phone . did you try to take a look at the " menu-> settings-> show updates " in the friendstream application ? there are checkmarks for every stream-source .
this is a function of your dialer and contact-saving/editing application . various roms use various applications ( be it aosp dialer , motoblur , sense , touch wiz , etc . ) . you can install third-party dialers . i have never used it but this dialer supposedly supports what you are asking for . i suggest you browse around the market for third-party dialers .
i also had this problem . i thought something was wrong . as soon as i inserted the headphone jack the sound got cut off and there was no sound coming thru the headphones . i tried pressing the volume button and found that it was turned all the way down by default . now there is no problem
i developed an app that fixes this exact problem . it was called " wired headset routing fix " , but now has more functionality and is named soundabout .
i own an og droid and a droid bionic and both phones eventually had similar audio jack problems . on one phone i found the issue to be a wad of dust crammed in the jack which i had to fish out with a [ enter your choice of small pointy tool ] . it could be a result of the internal contact points being pushed back from repeated tension . this would weaken the contact with the audio cable . in your particular case i do not think this is true however . other things you can try : pull the audio cable in and out several times wiggling it and testing it . ( ideally you had want to test it with something that plays audio continuously so you do not have to keep hitting play ) getting a different and potentially better quality audio cable to test with . you can also try resetting to factory default which may help if the problem is software related . ( as long as you have a google account synced with your phone , all your apps will be automatically re-downloaded ) if all else fails , take it back to the phone manufacturer or your phone service provider . they should be able to fix it for a reasonable price . there is the option of trying to fix it yourself but that is not recommended if you are uncomfortable working with small/delicate electronics , not to mention voiding your warranty .
google voice needs to be able to save data such as contact details , ongoing conversations , etc . , somewhere and in the case of conversations delete them later - i suspect that this is where the " modify and delete data from sd card " comes in .
i have used bootmanager on my nexus s without issue and i believe that you will be able to wipe the system , data and cache of your second slot without it affecting the original rom . but this will be easy for you to test : make a nandroid backup of your phone . always make a nandroid backup ! once this is done you can go crazy and try installing miui but make sure you install gapps too ( or the miui equivilent - sorry i am woefully inexperienced with miui but i would imagine they also did not distr the google apps with the rom ) - ( the last time i installed a rom using rom manager i needed to hunt out a different version of gapps than the ones that come with cm or aokp - something to do with these version being scripted as opposed to just flat apks ) . you need to install gapps as you will need to have the market to install bootmanager again in order to change roms . there is a way of doing this manually through the shell and fastbook , but it is not fun . if anything messes up then restore your nandroid backup and you are back to where you started . have fun : )
os : win 8.1 x64 with latest updates . phone : samsung galaxy s3 ( gt-i9300 ) . i got it working without manually installing any driver . when i plugged my phone in the computer it automatically installed the driver for me . after that i didnt see any popup . what you need to do is leave the phone plugged in your pc/laptop while restarting the phone ( do not be to hasty here , give the phone some time to boot up completely ) . after that go to control panel > hardware and sound > devices and printers . in here look for the multimedia tab and you should see your phone ( gt-i9300 ) . right click on it and you should see the menu browse files > gt-9300 . voila you are in your phone . after that you do not even need to repeat the steps before again , because the popup suddenly comes back ( do not switch to another usb port here , just keep using the port where you performed your phone reboot ) . incase you accidentally plugged your phone in another usb port you need to repeat the steps above . thats how i got mine working . i hope it helps you !
ultimately i plugged the kindle into my macbook instead of my ubuntu machine , and it mounted it just fine . no idea what the issue is with my desktop - all other devices on the hub work fine , switching ports changed nothing , etc etc . if your device will not mount , try it with a different computer . for some reason .
as of the new and current minimalistic text version , it is possible to print the wifi ip and ssid information if you donate to the developer .
you could also combine this with some anti-theft solution . e.g. wheres my droid reacts on " attention words " you set up , and e.g. sends the current location ( also by sms ) , or turns on the alarm on another " attention word " . with your wife knowing ( some of ) those " attention words " , she can get to know where you are ( or rather where your device is ) -- while at the same time you have some added value . look for " anti-theft " on the playstore to find more like this , if it sounds useful to you .
it sounds like google latitude does what you want . once you opt-in you can then share your location data with your wife , and she should be able to check your location anytime . as far as i know , once you choose share your location data with someone they can retrieve it anytime without having to explicitly request your permission . latitude is built into the google maps application for android . you can enable it by going into the application 's settings and checking " enable location sharing " , then use the setting right below it ( "manage your friends" ) to choose who can see your location data .
that is not really an android question , but rather network related . but the short answer is : it should work as long as all the devices described share the same " subnet " . i have a comparable setup here ( tv→cable→router→cable→main-router→wireless→tablet ) , and can use bubbleupnp fine to stream from my tablet to my pc . all share the same network ( 192.168.1.* , netmask 255.255.255.0 ) , so upnp/dlna finds it is way from end to end . the main router acts as dhcp server for all devices in the network , no other dhcp server concurring . if however your main router and router2 both use their own subnets , that might get tricky .
dns can be changed with apps like " set dns " and with the setprop command , however all fail on kitkat to modify resolvers only in case they were set by the mobile carrier . an simple solutions was given at : how to change mobile connections&#39 ; s dns on android kitkat ? ( in brief : put imgur 's ip 's in /etc/hosts ) it will work , but myself , i am still hunting a way to modify the carrier 's resolvers .
i do not know which device you are using ? but normally every android phones people app should support the functionality of at least the basic information ( meaning the emails , because it is android ~ google ~ gmail ) . so are you really sure you can not add at least the email address to your contacts ? as mentioned already by eldarerathis , you should normally even see your contacts online status . maybe you can test it by logging in on your gmail account on a pc . add some email addresses to your contacts via the pc . make your android device synchronize the information you just entered ( settings > accounts and sync > sync all ; or something like that ) . then have a look back at your people app and check if the email addresses are entered . if they are visible on your phone , that probably means that your phone supports this , but you have not found the good way to add this information via your people app . maybe you can search the site of the manufacturer for more information ( or maybe have a look at something like a help or get started app on your phone ) .
figured it out . eldarerathis , you hit the nail on the head . what i thought was turning it off was apparently just putting it to sleep ( same condition as when it times out from no action ) ? i just tried holding the power button and then got the power off menu which is what i am looking for .
i would use the app titanium backup . 1 . install titanium backup on the first user profile 2 . make a backup of the app or apps from the first user . 3 . install titanium backup on the second user profile 4 . restore data only to the second user profile that should do the trick . for instructions on how to use titanium backup look here : http://www.titaniumtrack.com/kb/titanium-backup-kb/titanium-backup-user-guide.html#backup
you should check rawvision : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.caketuzz.rawvision it will allow you to check your photos without converting to jpeg , but there is no way you will check pohtos without sending them to the tab first . now there are several means to have the photos on the tab , it mainly depends on the tab itself and its connectivity . usually , you will want to share the photos after checking them , rather than the other way . so that is what the app will allow you .
there are apps which allows you to connect to your pc and control it with your android device . these are generally referred as remote desktop applications . for android , there are many remote desktop apps , one that i have tried is called splashtop . i know logmein , which is quite famous among remote desktop softwares , also has android/ios version available . however these apps are usually not free . while these apps can do exactly what you want , it can also do much more than just viewing raw photos , basically it enables you to use your android device as your pc 's lcd monitor , so you can run any programs , open any files etc . therefore these apps tend not to be cheap .
no , probably not easily . this so answer points to using ffmpeg via the command line . it offers examples on audio and video conversion . for example : ffmpeg -i /tmp/a.3gp /tmp/a.mp3  this android shell command app is on the market , which could theoretically call ffmpeg , but it looks sketchy weighing in at only 2.5 stars . could be worth a try but it is tough to tell .
unicon is an icon theming tool which requires root , but it is more consistent throughout the device . icon changer changes only the icon of the shortcut , but does not require root . use apk extractor to get the installed apk from the device , transfer it to a pc , modify it and then reinstall it . does not require root .
if the icon changer that were suggested are not working , and you do not mind changing your launcher , there are some launchers that support icon changing ( and also theme changing and more good stuff ) . as example , you have : go launcher nova launcher you can have a look at the play store , and also see what other launchers can offer you !
from the home screen , press the phone 's Menu button . here , there is usually a button for Wallpaper ( it will be the top right button on the menu ) , where you should be able to pick your wallpaper ( this applies to your background and lockscreen ) .
if you are running the htc sense ui , then it should already be disabled . otherwise check this blog post for a . zip you can flash to disable it .
you could try removing the permission to change the wi-fi state with something like lbe privacy guard . there is also the possibility of using the method described in a similar question on here , this involves changing the . apk file and no root is needed . there is a few caveats though : biggest one is that when foursquare tries to use the removed the permission it may well break depending on how the developers coded it . lbe guard needs root , so you will need to have a rooted phone . there have been suggestions here and here lbe guard is not all it is cracked up to be ( buggy , hard to uninstall , might mine your data ? ) despite the high ratings in the marketplace .
the force stop button is only applicable to apps which are currently actually running . in general , android apps will stay in an idle state on the assumption that you might want to switch back to them soon , but the os will kill apps you have not used for a while as it gets short on memory . some apps also have an actual " exit " option , of course . so , are you sure the app you are trying to force stop is actually running ? in your applications settings , there should be a " running " tab , which should show all of the apps currently running on your device . alternatively there are apps in the market that can show you what is currently going on on your device . i use " os monitor " but i am sure there are others .
here in india , we have philips branded wired handsfree kits which are designed to be used with all modern phones . certain phones require the jack to be plugged into a supplied female/male adapter which is then plugged into the 3.5mm jack of your phone . this is the one i am using with my spica ( the adapter also needs to be used ) after the samsung supplied ones conked out after a year of heavy duty use . ; - ) perhaps you could find something similar . . .
any 4-pin 3.5 mm stereo jack should work fine for straight sound but headsets with controls are a little more difficult . many are proprietary . if it claims to be universal it may work but if it is designed for apple or nokia it probably wont . basically , on a 4-pin jack it all depends on which ring the headset maps to which control . i could not find a droid x pinout diagram but i believe motorola uses the standard layout . this site has a pretty comprehensive list of the different pinout mappings and a lot of them are the same but a lot are proprietary . if in doubt , i would look for a set advertised to work with the droid x .
there is no " write-only " permission for access to gmail - it is either " read-only " or " full access " , meaning that the app in question will be able to both create and delete messages from your account . however , i would guess that adding and deleting mails are two very different things from a programming standpoint , so you should be ok :- ) !
most updates will not erase your data . the kernel and /system partition can usually be updated without the filesystem needing to be wiped , so your data folders are not damaged . if the wifi network data is not erased , then your phone should connect to wifi after the upgrade , and you are good to go . i can not find any info on what happens when upgrading to rc33 , for example , but official updates usually do not wipe data . the update might also eliminate the no-sim-so-you-can not-do-anything problem .
thanks to @matthew read , the phone was updated . so , it happens that updating the firmware through the automatic updates popup does not erase the user data , which means that my wifi definitions remained in the phones memory , and it connected to the network automatically , as well as maintained the google registration information , once the update took place .
i had just read today about this same problem on a galaxy s but can not find the post . the post claimed that after adding a second google account the " sync calendar " option appear for both account .
i would make sure that he is done something with calendar through the web interface , such as add a custom calendar , and then try to add the account to the phone again . to do this you need to clear the data for all google apps -- accounts and sync , gmail , google framework services , etc . -- and then re-add the account . i do not believe this is evo-specific , it seems sometimes google just does not correctly link the accounts sometimes ( for example , this question has the same problem except for picasa : " sync picasa web albums " option not there ) .
you are trying to use the usb port as a usb host . this is not currently supported in android . the feature will be available on devices starting with android 3.1 . from what i took from the video , they are not using usb , they are communicating via tcp . @gathrawn , i honestly did not just take your comment as an answer , i had mine in the form , but forgot to hit submit : )
i am not exactly sure what you mean by ' marked as spam ' since i can not see this option in either the facebook app or the facebook messenger app . i am assuming you mean you turned off notifications for her messages since you mention you want to get them back . i will explain how to turn them back on . facebook messenger open up the conversation with person press the ' i ' in the circle in the top right click on Notications and set to ' on ' . facebook app go to your messages and open up the conversation with the person . click on the gear icon in the top right in the Settings tab make sure ' alerts on ' is selected .
solutions ( though not the reason behind ) are explained e.g. on appslova . com . taking a look at them , those are more or less the " generic google play solutions": method 1 go to settings→apps , select “all” tab find google play store , open its entry , clear data and cache find google service framework , do the same now restart google play store and try to download/update the app or games method 2 open google play store go to settings→accounts , choose account or add new account now try to download or install the app or game method 3 go to settings→accounts→google , remove your gmail account from settings→apps→all : force stop , clear data and cache for google play store , google service framework and download manager ( like in method 1 ) again , go to settings→accounts→google , add your gmail account restart your android and then accept all the google terms and setup google settings run google play store and update or install your app . some more hints are to be found in google 's product " forum " . reasons here were e.g. storage full : clean up , delete stuff , try again , worked . find a bunch more hints , all on the first result page to a google search on " google-play error 498" : )
make sure you are using the latest samsung drivers . uninstall all previous samsung drivers , and try to use a lower windows version like w7 . w8.1 is still full of weirdness , especially when mixing 32bit and 64bit software .
there are a number of factors that determine if a video will play on android : it has to be the correct codec - see this list it has to either be small enough to download entirely before playing or be encoded in a form that allows streaming . chances are the problem you are seeing is that the codec the videos are encoded in is not supported , so yes , re-encoding with ffmpeg or mencoder or something similar into one of the supported video codecs may well work . to enable streaming , if you first encode it as an mp4 file then pass it through something like mp4box it will tag it for streaming so yuo can play longer video clips on android .
i just saw this article today and thought it would be helpful here . it lists 8 of the best video players for android according to makeuseof.com. liori 's answer is also a good one .
you can find a video player that uses ffmpeg itself to play on android . examples were given in answers to this question : state of vlc for android / media player that plays avi files
in my case ( kde4 on a debian squeeze ) it worked easily after setting the device as msc . it was directly automounted by kde . to do this just go to : settings -> xperia -> connectivity -> usb connection mode as i have spanish language in my android i suppose the translation will be something like that . it also worked in the same computer on a windowsxp inside virtualbox .
for ubuntu you may need to edit the usb subsystem config files in order to recognize your device 's sd card . luckily this is super easy : ) i have also answered this question before , if you want to check that thread . your ubuntu system 's udev config should be edited as so : doublecheck that the vendor id for your neo is 054c using sudo lsusb ; you should see a line something like Bus 002 Device 010: ID 054c:0c02 SonyEricson using your favourite editor as root edit ( or create ) "/etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules” and add this line : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="054c", MODE="0666" make sure the perms are right for the file you just edited : sudo chmod a+rx /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules restart the usb subsystem : sudo restart udev connect your phone and see if your sd card shows up now
you could always unmount your sd card ( if it is removable , like my htc magic allows for ) and plug it into an sd card reader . or you could root and run cyanogenmod - cm 's mass storage mode works great in my gnome2 install of ubuntu , do not see why kde would make it any different .
did you mount the drives from the phone ? once you are connected , you have to open the notification bar , tap on the " usb connected " notification and press the button to mount the drives . this should make them visible on your desktop . after you are done , unmount them from the desktop first , then unmount them from the phone , and then disconnect the cable .
no drivers are needed for adb devices in linux . the adb binary uses libusb to access the device . all you need to do is add device 's usb vendor id to ~/.android/adb_usb.ini
just in case you have not found the setting for this , i stumbled upon it tonight on my 4.2.1 phone . i would previously set it without realising ( only just made the move over to android ) and after removing my sd card the other day , i found after i re-inserted it into the phone it would only save to the internal flash memory . . . i could not for the life of me figure out what i would done ! finally figured it out:- go to the main android system settings menu and select storage . the very top option is to select the default write disk - set this to sd card and back out of the menus . job done . : ) cheers , nick
here 's how i did it : go into camera as if you were taking a picture go into settings ( gear ) on top left scroll down to storage change to memory card
long press the screen when in camera , this will popup a menu , within there u can select settings , and change storage to sdcard . you can also press the flashlight button on the right to get that menu .
try doing a hard reboot ( power off the phone and power it back on ) . i had this problem just two minutes ago and that seemed to resolve it . cheers !
it is android 4.2 ( jellybean ) . ( a quick google image search helped me . ) source : link 1 , link 2
in android 4.1/4.2 etc etc its called " media storage " ( the one you clear the defaults of ) ya i did just actually go through the whole list and pick it out of all of them . . and omfg it worked . . hey , sorry im late , but , people seem to be clicking these defaults and not knowing how to clear them ( like me ) then they go and search for it and nobody knows . . im actually kind of thankful that it wasnt something more difficult to find , so . . there you go . . " media storage " on samsung galaxy s2 android 4.1
you can use handcent app as the default ringtone picker . to set handcent as default ringtone picker , go to settings | applications | manage applications | all | android system ( sound picker for se phones ) click ' clear defaults ' button . after this , when you are choosing a ringtone , you will be presented with a dialog box asking you to select one of the application as ringtone picker . enable the ' use by default for this action ' check-box and select handcent . this will set handcent as your default ringtone picker .
one workaround would be to temporarily install another app that has a ringtone picker in order to show the ringtone picker selection screen , select handcent , and remove the temporary app . for example , you can try zedge .
your question made me try to use the same configuration . solution generate your key pair in openssh key file format , i used my linux workstation :  ssh-keygen -t rsa -C "KEYNAME"  ( i left passphrase empty but i think it will work with it too , add the public key to your host :  cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub &gt;&gt; ~/.ssh/authorized_keys  ( assuming that is the same machine you want to connect to ) copy private key id_rsa to your phone and use that one . : ) i found the clue on logcat :  W/System.err(27250): com.jcraft.jsch.JSchException: invalid privatekey: /sdcard/key.ppk  and this answer brought me in the right direction . how to copy private key from connectbot export workaround only private keys without passphrase can be copied , so you can change password and set it empty , this key is not compatible with es file explorer .
i just got my xperia z and the contacts did not seem to work properly in terms of filtering . the names were there when i scrolled through the list , but not all would show up if i filtered it with , say , the beginning letter . i enabled all ticks in the filter settings menu too . finally i figured that the ones not showing up were not assigned any group names like my contacts . they were showing as other contacts in google contacts when i accessed the server through browser , but shown as undefined group inside android contacts , when i edited any of those contacts . my solution was to log in to google contacts server through browser , select other contacts group , click to select all , and add them to a group like say my contacts . then log out from server . go to android settings → accounts , and force resync google contacts by checking and checking the option . wait for sync to finish . that is it . now try android contacts filter and it works properly ! ! !
my son found this fix . just go to contacts , then click the settings tab at the bottom of the screen , choose " filter " , then click all the boxes for your google account , the xperia account and local contacts . then the search will actually find everything in the phones contacts list . easy as , but was not intuitive for me unfortunately . another reason to have kids !
go to Setting -&gt; Account -&gt; Google -&gt; Account &amp; Privacy -&gt; Search engine storage -&gt; Google Search then clear data .
i was in contact with sony support , and the problem was in the initial import ( or sync ) from google contacts . something was corrupted , even though no corruption was visible . i got this fixed by : exporting the contacts from google contacts deleting the contacts from the phone importing the contacts to google contacts syncing the contacts from Settings -&gt; Accounts -&gt; Google -&gt; &lt;my Google account&gt; -&gt; Menu -&gt; Sync now ( optional ) removing haxsync from accounts ( or other additional contact syncs ) ( optional ) adding haxsync account after this all contacts were included in the search .
if your phone is rooted , try installing one of the " mass storage enabler " apps from the play store .
somewhat depends on what your work email server looks like , but i have a gmail account , two hotmail accounts , and an ms exchange account on my droid and there is an option within each accounts settings to turn on/off " email notifications " and to choose which ringtone is used for that notification . so , by that token , you could have your gmail emails sound off with the default notification and have your work email play any crazy sound you like . does that help or am i misunderstanding your question ?
not with the gmail app that comes with the phone , no . but , if you really wanted this , you could do it like so : create a new gmail account , like emailsfrommyfriendjohnsmith@gmail.com. setup the new gmail account in your android phone , and enable notifications . in the gmail web interface , set up a filter in your current gmail account that has all email from your friend forwarded to the new email address . ( you will still see these emails in your regular inbox . ) voila !
try a different app ? k9-mail is pretty good .
the youtube video refers to an xda page as shown below : that xda page gives further details about the cm9 rom , gapps and instructions . your lg p690 's hardware seems to be a close match to my lg p500 . so , if you are not satisfied with the rom mentioned , you can give a shot with lgp500 's rom - the chances of getting it working in your p690 is good . please search this site for details on knowing from where to download rom for p500 .
you should check Contacts -> Menu -> Settings -> Default storage ( or similar ) , there you should have the different options , including phone memory , sim and always ask .
on my defy xt it is contacts -> menu -> accounts , then i can pick my account , and there is a check box for " sync contacts " which i have unchecked . i assume the default location is in the phone memory ( not sim or micro-sd ) . but , in contacts -> menu -> import/export , i can import from or export to the sd . a suggestion i have heard elsewhere is that if you want some contacts synced and some not , you can create another account , and have one account sync and the other not sync .
apparently this functionality lays on the keyboard . i would and old version of swype ( which came installed ) . after rooting , i followed this instructions to update swype and now i get this functionality back . good luck to everyone !
buy it on the amazon android app store . they are matching the prices of the android market and its lets you download it . just gives you a warning that you may be purchasing a game that does not work with your device . and , as of today ( 12/11 ) its still $ . 10
i would suggest using a friend 's android phone that does support the game , setting up your account in his phone and purchasing it . be careful not to select any auto-sync features while doing so and make sure you remove the account from the phone once you have finished your purchases . @bryan denny : looks like you beat me to it : ) did not see your comment for the question .
no . this listener has nothing to do with " listening " in the sound sense : it is listening for intent broadcasts , which are a kind of signal that different software components in the device use to notify each other of important events . for more explanation about broadcasts , see what&#39 ; s the difference between a service and a broadcast receiver ? if you want to solve the problem of not being able to record audio , i recommend you post a new question with full details about what steps you took , what happened , and how long this has been happening , along with what phone and os version you have . without any further details , my first guess would be that if the audio recorder app you are using stopped unexpectedly , it failed to properly release the mic for use by other apps . in this case restarting the device would fix the problem .
if you use a file manager , you can browse to /mnt/sdcard/android/data/com . google . android . music/cache/music and just delete everything you want from there .
as aleverett has stated , there is not a setting within the app to do this . though you could download the free app called app lock and set a password that way on whatever apps that you had like .
go to this xda-developers thread and follow the instructions . you have to download an apk from there and install it as a system app . [ how-to ] disable ota updates on stock + rooted roms - xda-developers
google maps needs the correct version of gapps to work . download the gapps and install it from recovery
i would like to know if they do create a solution for this as this would streamline things while doing a search . i would not imagine it be too hard for google to do this . just program the app to open tabs inside chrome app . idk maybe it is harder but what do i know i am no programmer
you sure can ! sony introduced this in 4.2.2 . for the sony-xperia-z sony have introduced native dualshock 3 support this software functionality was spied in the upcoming sony xperia sp ( c530x ) settings menu ( settings > xperia ) . from here you will find a ‘dualshock 3 wireless controller’ menu option . you then need to connect the controller to your phone via an usb-otg cable . once this is done , you can remove the cable and the phone and controller will now be connected via bluetooth . here is a youtube guide on just this wirelessly : 3g uk also have a guide posted on how to do this using usb otg , and here is an extract : how do you connect the dualshock controller ? connecting your controller to your sony xperia devices does not involve rooting your device or anything complex . however , there are some things you will need two things before you can begin : •usb otg ( on the go ) adapter - an inexpensive cable which enables you to connect usb devices to your sony xperia device ( £2.68 on amazon ) . •the charging cable that came with your ps3 dualshock controller then follow the 4 simple steps below : step 1 - connect the " charging cable " to your ps3 dualshock controller and plug the other end into the usb otg adapter . step 2 - plug the usb otg cable into the micro-usb port on your sony xperia smartphone/tablet . step 3 - open up " settings " on your xperia device and navigate to the " xperia " menu ( listed under the device section ) step 4 - select the " dualshock wireless controller " app and follow the on-screen prompts . this artilce is for the coders and programmers and has details on how to implement in your own game . not exactly what you asked , but may be of interest to some !
i can not see any obvious mention of that particular sgs2 ics rom on xda 's sgs2 pages but there are a few other ics roms there , all with install instructions in their main post . have you tried opening the rar file with something like winrar or winzip to see if there are instructions or a readme inside it ?
this app cleaners a lot of the cache http://www.appbrain.com/app/android-assistant(14-features)/com.advancedprocessmanager# although does not automatically detected unneeded files it will let you delete them manually .
as far as i can tell , android does not keep around a lot of cached files for the os . your phone 's recovery mode should also have a " clear cache " option that would do the trick , and you can clear individual app caches from Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications .
titanium backup has an option to look for dalvik-cache that is not needed , but only the paid version cleans it up . instead , you can use ghost-commander , in root mode go to /data/dalvik-cache , select remount command , and select and delete all you want in that directory , restart device and it will rebuild the cache , and use up less memory . for application cache and data , you can go to settings , applications , and sort by size to see what is taking the most space , clear its cache , uninstall , etc .
you are running sense that comes with these " extra " " sense like experience " apps . you are right , you cannot remove them by normal means . if you go to manage applications and select each htc app ( peep , facebook for htc sense ) you will not be given the option to uninstall them or delete them . if you do root your phone , you will be able to uninstall them via either adb or flashing some zips . you will not be able to just uninstall them the normal way once rooted . removing peep can possibly disrupt some htc widgets but you can still access twitter via the twitter app or other apps such as plume , tweetdeck etc . same thing for facebook/facebook for htc sense . friend stream is another htc app that integrates other social apps . users report different compatibility issues between friend stream and versions of the social apps . it does allow login with any version of facebook/twitter/flickr .
it is more or less a backup version of the gingerbread release for the nexus one . htc manufactured the nexus one , so they host a copy of the kernel , drivers , system images and so forth that are released for it , just like they do for the other phones they made . you can use it to flash back to a stock rom if you own a nexus one , but if you have a different htc phone it will not do you much good . you might be able to flash it , but it would most likely either not run properly or brick your phone . i certainly would not recommend it .
about the lagging : please update your software to the latest supported by samsung . after updating my samsung galaxy s to version 2.2.1 , my phone was much , much and i do mean much smoother than before .
regarding your first 2 questions ( reboot / suspend ) : no this is not normal , however , as a lot of software from a lot of different vendors are running on your phone , it is inevitable that under certain conditions certain apps can cause your phone to " crash " . in an ideal world , no piece of software should be able to crash the underlying os and the phone , however , most likely , difficult to reproduce bugs with the underlying android os can lead to phone reboots . regarding the lag . there is a known issue with the samsung galaxy s and the " lagging " . checkout the links below for more info on the actual issue , and some fixes ( all require rooting your phone unfortunately ) . updating the android version to > 2.1 does not seem to resolve the issue . samsung is aware of this issue , but does not seem to have any plans in fixing it ( probably focusing on their new flagship phone ) . it is an outrage that users need to resort to all kinds of hacks on their 500$ phone to get it running properly . http://crave.cnet.co.uk/mobiles/how-to-speed-up-your-samsung-galaxy-s-with-the-voodoo-lag-fix-50002228/ http://www.groovypost.com/howto/mobile/most-common-lag-fixes-for-samsung-galaxy-s-captivate-vibrant-fascinate-epic-4g/
the lag issues are caused by samsung 's modifications to the offical android release , nothing to do with android itself or the capabilities of the phone . for reference , i have owned an sgs for 9 months now and have got it to the point of being basically perfect . the hardware capabilities of this phone are amazing . however , the default sgs software is without a doubt terrible . the above answer is very good at addressing your specific concerns , but my advice is to do away with the standard samsung rom and replace it with darky 's rom which has all of the above answers already implemented , as well as a host of other speed and usability improvements , including integrating a large part of the gingerbread ui which is very nice . version 9.5 would be my recommendation , which is based on the official froyo release and is proven to be very stable . i recommend you erase all caches and apps off your phone and start afresh - it helps avoid some minor niggles you can have with apps that were installed on a previous version . full and clear instructions are available in the forum section of the linked page . with this rom , i have no fcs and no lag at all , but some of the problems you mention ( eg - flac compatibility may fit into this category ) are app specific and can only be fixed with updated applications . bear in mind that the official gingerbread update should be released by samsung in the coming weeks , but based on their previous efforts im still likely to stick with the derived darky 's rom 10 . x when it comes out of beta .
android does not have a default memo application , but most android app stores their database in /data/data/PACKAGE_NAME/databases/ . some applications write their data to the sdcard instead , so you might want to check that as well .
you can download picassa , for example , which only imports photos . i find it very convenient for importing , browsing and minor adjustments to photos .
you can delete your whatsapp account through the following steps . open whatsapp . press the [ menu button ] => settings => account => [ delete my account ] . enter your phone number in the full international format and tap [ delete my account ] . please keep in mind that deleting your account is an irreversible process , we cannot undo a deletion if you complete the process by accident . goto whatsapp faq for more infomation
possibility 1 ( worst case scenario ) - since you are not the original owner , you do not know what the previous owner did . in that case it can happen that he/she might have had experimented a bit and formatted the nand or the phone malfunctioned and somehow the nand got formatted i.e. full clean no bios ( download mode as in android ) . in this case , your phone is bricked . you can possibly bring it back if you have experience with rooting , custom rom flashing all that stuff . plus you will need the restore bootloader file for the nexus . i had experimented this : nand formatting on my galaxy s3 showed the same behaviour . go to the xda-forums and search . if you do not have any experience and do not know what i am talking about , i would suggest taking the phone to a service center . possibility 2 ( good scenario compared to the previous one ) - battery is dead since the nexus 's battery is inaccessible : the same solution here , also take it to a service centre .
it sounds like your nexus may not be getting enough power . check out this related article ( for nexus 7 ) that sounds like your problem : since you are not the original owner , and not under any warranty , perhaps you had like to try some diy work . in this case , check out this article . good luck ! i hope this can help you .
after googling around a little , i found the source code of backuprestoreconfirmation . java , which is used to build the package com.android.backupconfirm . quoting from its comments : confirm with the user that a requested full backup/restore operation is legitimate . any attempt to perform a full backup/restore will launch this ui and wait for a designated timeout interval ( nominally 30 seconds ) for the user to confirm . if the user fails to respond within the timeout period , or explicitly refuses the operation within the ui presented here , no data will be transferred off the device . so this confirms what i already guessed in my comment on the question itself : it is belonging to the dialog popping up when initiating adb backup , and which does nothing but asking you to confirm whether the remotely triggered backup should be executed ( and if you want to protect it with a password ) . as the comment is further speaking of a backup manager service , one could also think of the google cloud backup ( see : google-backup ) . so let me again stress some important keywords from the comment 's start : a requested full backup/restore operation google cloud backup neither is a " full backup/restore operation " , nor can it be " requested " by the user . the only backup service this applies to is adb backup .
easytether lite works for me . i have used it on an xp machine as well as a mac . i love that it is cross-platform . shares your phone internet connection with computer/laptop/notebook ( windows 7/vista/xp 64-bit/32-bit , mac os x 10.4/10.5/10.6 , ubuntu 10.4+ ) . easytether works via usb . does not need root access . there is also easytether full . full app allows https - access to secure sites such as facebook , gmail , online banking etc . full app allows you to tether ps3 , xbox 360 , wii via your pc - enable internet connection sharing on your computer for that .
pdanet : http://www.junefabrics.com/android/mac.php
is the app on the play store ? if yes , it should push out an update without user intervention provided the setting to ' auto-update apps ' is set , depending on preference of either wifi or using mobile data . see below :
the official sony page says it has flash preinstalled ( look on the " in business " tab , " fast and full internet " section ) . the xperia mini pro meets the specs for adobe air , so i see no reason to believe you could not download air as well .
most of my background is with iphone , and there are certain launch daemons that run when the phone starts up . sounds like this is the case here too . dennis from this post says the only thing i know of , like i point out , requires rooting the phone and voiding the warranty . go to /etc/rcx . d and remove the associated file with the executable . ( this , of course , assumes that the filesystem follows the same hierarchy as every other linux distro i have run . ) hope this helps ! thomas
before rooting your phone , a not-so-easy operation , you should have a try to disable the auto launch when the phone restart .
this goes with another post i made about a slightly different issue . background apps usually just respond to events . events they care about , which is usually nothing for these sprint apps . they take up ram . however unlike a desktop , when android wants ram it will remove anything in the " background " that it wants ( older first ) to free up space . \ the only exception to ram freeing up is when it sends notifications ( a permanent icon in the notification bar . . . like a downloading icon from the market while the item is downloading ) . so do not worry so much about it . these bloatware apps do not harm your android unless they do anything because batter is a big concern . careful with facebook/twitter as they ping the service every few seconds , you can disable the " pinging " by just disabling the behavior , they will not do anything then . even the messenger app might get removed from memory , when the system does a background synch it wakes up , loads , runs , and goes back to inactive .
this does not answer the question , but you could root your phone and disable the autostart with autostarts , or just remove them with titanium backup
those apps come with the phone and can not be turned off or removed unless you root . blame your carrier . there is really nothing you can do about it non-rooted . i feel your pain .
if it is an mp3 file , then you can use mp3 cutter . it is free on the play store . if you need one for a different file format , let me know and i will find you a solution that supports that audio format .
you can use an app like wavepad audio editing app . it is said to have the ability to work with multiple audio files . if you do not mind adverts , there is a free version for this software as well .
i had this issue in the past with my samsung galaxy s vibrant . what i did , and it solved my problem was : go in to Settings -> Accounts &amp; Sync select the gmail account with issue turn off sync for gmail turn back on sync for gmail if this does not fully solve the issue , but it did for me , try the following : go in to Settings -> Applications -> Manage Applications select the all tab find the gmail application and select it click on clear data and clear cache if you have multiple accounts on the device , it may remove them from accounts and sync . at the very least , you will have to go back to accounts and sync to re-enable gmail sync . it really is not that big of a deal to clear the gmail data because it is all constantly sync'd with the google servers . it will clear out any gmail app settings you have set , like your signature on your phone if you set one .
black/transparent , power off red , phone is trying to find a signal yellow , signal strength 0 ( min ) dirty yellow , signal strength 1 even more dirty yellow , signal strength 2 somewhat yellowish gray , signal strength 3 green , signal strength 4 ( max )
for easier reference : source : xda
i assume that you mean on the graph you get if you go to settings -> about phone -> battery use and tap the graph at the top ? i have a signal strength line there , under the battery level graph that has many colours in it that is labelled " phone signal " on my device . ( full size ) the reason it is there is that your signal strength can have a big effect on your battery life . if you have a good , strong signal from a nearby phone mast then your phone will run it is antenna in a low-power mode , whereas when it has a bad , weak signal it will turn up its transmitter into a full-power mode to help ensure that your communication gets out . as an extreme example i know that if i forget to switch my phone into airplane mode before putting it in the metal lockers at my sports centre , then i often come back to only a quarter or less of battery charge left . i can not find an official reference for what the colours mean , the feature was introduced in gingerbread but the official gingerbread manual barely mentions the graph and that screen beyond telling you that it exists ( p . 48 of the 2.3.4 manual linked ) , from personal experience i know that red is a bad/no signal , but other than green being a good signal , i do not know the significance of the other colours . some internet forum posters suggest these meanings for the signal strength graph , which seems to match up with what i see : red = no data signal ( or possibly no signal at all ) grey = no or minimal ( 2g/edge ) data connection olive green = 3g/4g connection with light data usage bright green = 3g/4g heavy data usage ( streaming media , etc ) yellow = no consensus on what this means , but it only seems to show up as a very narrow sliver , and generally only when the connection seems to be changing state ( eg from data network to wifi ) this seems to agree with what i see on my phone , that while wifi is on and connected to an access point ( so any data should be going through wifi and not the phone network ) i only have grey , olive or red in the signal strength , whilst when wifi is off i get the greens in addition . there is also the indicator in the android status bar that is normally green , but changes to yellow and then red when it is extremely low , the main battery usage graph follows these three colours with what looks like the same thresholds , but that one does not sound like what is confusing you .
although some have reported it as a bug , apparently the away status only appears after 10 minutes of idle time ( defined as no use and the screen shutting off ) .
unfortunately without actually testing these scenarios i cannot provide a definite answer but i can confirm that the feature works . it may take time before gmail or google talk are updated with your " away " status . the feature may not work on lock screen activation . . . but on idle time . personally this would be a smarter way of doing it . just because i have locked my phone does not mean i am away . on the other hand if i have not used the phone for more than 5 minutes then mark me as away/inactive . best thing i can recommend is you play around with these two scenarios above . lock the phone and monitor your status on someone else 's computer . if you find something interesting post the results back : )
yes , you will have to reflash rom to restore to purchase day settings . since you deleted those . apk files , a simple reset will not do the trick . imei is hard coded in phone , reflashing firmware will have no affect on that . however , i do not see how any of the apps you listed as deleted should have anything to do with fm radio reception . . . . maybe the samsungapps has the programming to make radio work ?
first you should try to use the settings item " reset phone " . you can find it at settings-> back up and reset -> factory data reset . but remember : if you do this all your data will be deleted so do a backup on your pc or cloud first . if this does not help try to find out your kernel and build and baseband . normally settings -> about phone . load your firmware from samfirmware and flash it with odin . there are several guides you can find ( one is at samfirmware too ) . maybe there is a solution without resetting or flashing , but i do not know any . hope it helps you .
technically , ics can be put in samsung galaxy y duos s6102b . unfortunately , a ready-made rom featuring ics for the device is not available yet . so , unless you are a rom cooker and developer , you can not do this .
yes . /system is for persistent firmware files and will survive a wipe/reset unless you do not install another firmware ( depends on the mod 's installer/installation script : some preserve other files , some do not ) .
samsung apply their touchwiz interface to all of their flagship " galaxy " devices , except for the two " google nexus " branded devices they have made , and they are likely to carry on doing this for the foreseeable future . the galaxy sii and galaxy note both have touchwiz . whether it is " uglified " or not is a matter of opinion , there are benefits to having a common interface among devices and versions , that does not look massively different after an upgrade . not everyone 's a technophile looking for the latest and greatest upgrade , some people just want everything to look and work the same way it used to , just a bit faster and more reliably .
maybe it is a matter of permissions which are necessary for ethernet but not for wifi . applications which do not work anymore might not have those permissions . check them !
you are going to need to install a sense-based rom . cyanogenmod is basically a customized build of the android open source project ( aosp ) code , which is released in source form by google . they use only open source components , and sense is a proprietary , closed source ui made by htc . installing a rom with sense is very easy , though . the procedure will be just like flashing cm - boot into recovery and flash a . zip file with the rom that you want ( alternatively , install via rom manager , whatever you prefer ) . there are custom sense roms as well as " stock " rooted roms floating around . the xda boards have a handful of each . you can find a rooted stock rom here , though , if you are looking to go back to the original system as provided by htc ( but retaining root ) . edit : i answered this under the assumption that you have no backups to work with , but if you used clockworkmod to create a backup of your system before installing cm7 ( which is highly advised for any future readers out there ! ) , you can restore that backup and . . . well , be back where you were on a stock rooted system . after all , that is the point of the backup !
a workaround would be to trigger the desktop version of the site you are looking at . after the page refreshes , you should see more options for the youtube video .
the gmail application speaks gmail 's own proprietary protocol back to the gmail server , whereas the email application speaks open protocols such as pop3 or imap , as well as supporting activesync . the email application also has somewhat better support for multiple accounts . if you are only using a single gmail account then it is better to use the gmail application , but if you are using multiple accounts , or non-gmail accounts , you will want to use email . personally , i use gmail for my gmail account ( which i only use for google-specific purposes ) and email for my imap .
the main difference that i can see is the type of accounts that are supported : the gmail app is limited to accounts from google : username@gmail.com read and respond to your conversations online and offline manage multiple accounts view and save attachments set up label notifications email app : username@your_domain.com the main feature is that it works with all email providers , but its a very basic app , you can send and receive emails , but no search capabilities present .
see this link for the general idea . for verification , do the following steps : connect db9 to your host ( pc ) &lt ; ------> panda board ( target ) . you need to connect with minicom and mini usb for adb shell . pc$ sudo minicom you should have adb shell for the android sdk . pc$ export path=$path://android-sdk-linux/platform-tools reboot the panda board . pc$ adb devices # to check the device is connected or not pc$ adb reboot # to reboot on minicom terminal , you will get logs of the reboot . at the end , it will ask you to hit a key to stop auto boot . this will tell you if the device is getting the image or not . if you want to boot manuually by using u-boot terminal , press key so you will get u-boot terminal .  hardware_name# bootm  this will help you a little bit .
in ics , it is up to the application . you will have to check the settings for each individual app and see if they allow you to control what shows up in your notification bar . unfortunately , there is no way to control this through android itself . . . however , note that in jelly bean , the ability to monitor and control which apps display notifications is integrated into the app settings options . see below :
you will need to root your phone with unrevoked and remove the cdrom . iso file located in /system/etc/ that is the only way to prevent that . the neat upside is that once you have rooted , you can replace that cdrom . iso with any other iso you had like to auto-mount .
the short answer is that managed items are items that can only be purchased once per user and that google play keeps track of their purchase , unmanaged items are not tracked by google play and they can be purchased multiple times . a fuller description is given in google 's in-app billing version 2 : managed per user account — items that can be purchased only once per user account on google play . when a user purchases an item that uses the " managed per user account " product type , google play permanently stores the transaction information for each item on a per-user basis . this enables you to later query google play to restore the state of the items a specific user has purchased . if a user attempts to purchase a managed item that has already been purchased , google play prevents the user from purchasing the item again and displays an " item already purchased " error . the " managed " product type is useful if you are selling items such as game levels or application features . these items are not transient and usually need to be restored whenever a user reinstalls your application , wipes the data on their device , or installs your application on a new device . unmanaged — items that do not have their transaction information stored on google play . this means that you cannot later query google play to retrieve transaction information for those items . for " unmanaged " purchases , you are responsible for managing the transaction information . also , google play does not attempt to prevent the user from purchasing an item multiple times if it uses the " unmanaged " product type . it is up to you to control how many times an unmanaged item can be purchased . the " unmanaged " product type is useful if you are selling consumable items , such as fuel or magic spells . these items are consumed within your application and are usually purchased multiple times . note that only version 2 of the in-app billing deals with both managed and unmanaged , version 3 only deals with the managed in-app product type .
the solution is possibly covered in : set mp3 ringtone in nexus s . in summary , copy the downloaded file to /sdcard/media/audio/ringtones , and it'll be available as a ringtone upon next boot . if this does not help , another way could be as given here .
if you have an app like astro file manager you can just copy/paste the file from the music maniac folder to the music folder . it'll then be in your music player playlist . if you go to the downloaded songs tab in the music maniac app and hit the menu button , it'll tell you the file path . i think it is storage/emulated/0/music maniac . this is on my htc one .
i have had this problem and the fix for me was something as silly as just renaming the folder . i originally created the folder , then moved music into it . this probably caused the issue , but i am not sure .
what is the music format of the files ? it seems that the google play music app cannot recognized some file formats , just like . wma files . i have got such music files like this on my android devices and google play music does not find them too . i solved this problem by using another music player . i use vlc for android and it recognizes all my music files . moreover you can specify to it the folders containing your music ( in case some of the music files which should belong to your media library are not in the music folder ) . vlc is still in beta version and misses some features but it will be the best android media player when he comes out of beta .
i had a load of mp3 files which i tried to copy onto my htc one and after spending weeks trying to get the media scanning working i eventually tried an android conversion app ( mediaconverter ) from google play . i re-converted them to mp3 and after that they showed up . . . . john . . .
try an android media scanning process using apps such as sd scanner ( other older media scan apps seem to crash in 4.4 ) . once done , the new files should show up in play music ( i personally found android 's background running of the scanning process to be too slow ) . it could be due to the . nomedia file ( see " hiding your files from the media scanner " on the android api guide ) in the folder containing the files ( or even in a parent folder ) which prevents the any media from appearing in play music . since . nomedia is a dot file , it is considered a hidden file and your file explorer may not show it in by default and you may have to dig into the settings . oi file manager has an option to view hidden files . with regards to not being able to see the files on the computer . strangely on osx using the android file transfer app that is provided by google , the musicmanic folder /sdcard/musicmanic appears as a file and not a folder using adb shell , it appears as a folder using airdroid on my nexus 4 , my computer can connect to the phone and /sdcard/musicmanic appears as a folder which can be downloaded . so i guess for now , try use airdroid to transfer the files across .
play music ( for me anyways ) seems to only see files in the music/ directory . if your songs are in another folder , move them into the music folder and see if that works . if you do not have this folder you may need to create it . play music also seems to have a problem with files that have not been transferred from your computer over usb . try moving your files out of the music folder and back in again .
i have had similar issues in connection with rom upgrades but never figured out the cause , it never seemed to be permissions related for example , but a solution that i seem to remember worked was to " re-write " the files . essentially you cut the files over to your pc and then copy them back in , making them " new " files from the android device 's perspective , and they show up . might work for you , it is worth a shot .
install sshdroid on your phone and mount it on your linux box using sshfs . even if a wifi network is unavailable , you can still manage a transfer just by setting up wifi tethering on your phone ( this will even work without a data connection , say when you are travelling ) . connect your laptop to the wifi tether and then turn on sshdroid . after that it is just like copying to a server . you can use a command like : scp /home/daniel/Music/* 192.168.48.1:/mnt/sdcard/Music/  or even mount that remote sftp server to a local path . just google for sshfs fstab . just note that the ip mentioned here will likely be different for you . note that data will move between your laptop and your phone on the local network , not using up your mobile data connection ( if you even have access to one ) , so there is no need to worry about data fees .
the best hassle free way to transfer files between ubuntu and your device is by using and ftp client like filezilla on ubuntu and software data cable for your android device . you can then transfer files via ftp . works for me . hope it helps .
i did what @logos suggested . if you are looking for solution for your galaxy tab ( tablet , not galaxy phone ) , then upon plugging usb data cable to your linux computer you will see a usb connection icon . tap on notification aera , then on usb connection , then tap on check-box that is non-mtp connection option . then you will see your galaxy tab 's sd card mounted on your desktop . if you browse folders - you will find them empty , content is not shown . just transfer your files where you want them to be . the opposite direction is not working , i guess .
just bought a galaxy note 10.1 , and ran through same problem to transfer file through usb with my ubuntu 12.04 pc . now , it seems that using ' connect as a camera ' is smoother . . . no need of any other software . go to settings / developer options , and check ' usb debugging ' then open the main menu ( where you get the notifications ) and tap on " connected as . . . " to open the ' storage settings/usb pc connection ' menu ( can figure out how to access it another way ) : 2 options ' media device ( mtp ) ' and ' camera ( ptp ) ' . i checked the camera ( ptp ) . then connect the device to the pc , cancel all messages that may appear on the pc , and normally the device should mount automatically : 2 icons should appear on the desktop : 1 is the main card , the other the extension card . now you can copy and past files from the pc to the device cards via nuatilus like for any other device . but . . . you do not have access to the files on the cards : ie , the directories appear empty ( if they appear at all ) . so you may need to shuffle the files around afterwards on the device directly to re-arrange the locations etc . . . appart from that , drag and drop files on the extsd card does work : the files are copied , no pb . you do have access to the files and directories you just copied though . some characters seems to be forbidden in the names of files and directories that you copy . do not use : " or : or ? and perhaps some others . the . - _ and ' are ok . but having a forbidden character in the file or directory name causes an error as reported in the original post :"error creating directory : -1: unspecified error " if pb is in the name of the directory you want to copy , or " error copying file xxxx : -1: unspecified error " if it is in the file name .
i have a galaxy s2 and i resolved a similar problem using the phone just as a mass storage device ( and not using mtp ) , following this tutorial from askubuntu ( it worked nicely ) : go to the settings under wireless and network click on " more " select usb utilities click the " connect storage to pc " now you can plug in the usb cable and use usb mass storage . on more modern versions of android , you may need to click the " more…" item in settings . this contains the " usb utilities " item , mentioned above .
ubuntu 10 requires manual editing of your udev config in order to recognize an android device 's sd card . as root create the text file "/etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules” and add this line for a samsung device : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="04e8", MODE="0666"  save the file and exit the editor , then set the permissions of the file and restart the udev system : $ sudo chmod a+rx /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules $ sudo restart udev udev start/running, process xxxx  if that does not work , you can also install an app for file xfring as other answers have recommended . personally i favour samba filesharing .
use kies . it transfers files between devices in an easy way , using a web browser . awesome !
if you are using the sprint version of the s3 , see if sprint connections optimizer is turned on under settings > more settings > mobile networks . make sure it is turned off , as it can cause wi-fi to be a little funky sometimes .
many ( maybe most ) phones do not actually have a gps receiver built in , rather using cellphone towers and triangulation to calculate their position . wifi has nothing to do with either by the way , it is completely separate . other phones do have gps built in but will use it only when no cellphone reception is available , as gps tends to use a lot more battery power ( many will also turn it off when the cellphone functionality is turned off because that is usually understood to be done where active antennae are not allowed ( like in aircraft and many hospitals ) and/or to preserve battery power .
i had this issue - it is not that a fix does not come , it is just that it is taking a very long time to get a fix . this is due to the lack of the downloaded agps data - it can not download the data , and so has to rely on solely gps satellited , which takes ages . if you have been disconnected from the internet for a while , then you will suffer from these effects . agps data is cached for a few days , or when you change location , so if you just disconnected , gps should work for a while afterwards . ( you should also check to make sure that the google system is enabled for location use )
yes , gps location is binded with the gps chipset . you can get co-ordinates from gps and store it while offline . you can than view it in maps application when you get online .
the reason it does not work is a gps has to be paired with a map to work . cell phones download chunks of map data based on your location and pairs it with map data . without map data it is simply longitude and latitude data . to make it work with a nexus you have to have map data stored to work outside of of wi-fi range . if the app does not load at least 2gb of data you are probably put of luck .
it looks like the phone can no longer connect to the sd card . since this survives a reboot , it is most likely a hardware failure . if your phone is rooted , adb shell su dmesg should contain messages that confirm this . the “external storage” in a galaxy nexus is actually some non-removable flash storage . i do not think you can replace it ( but i could be wrong ) . it is possible that the filesystem is merely corrupted , in which case reformatting would work . you need to have a rooted device for that , and to install some additional tools from a linux distribution .
on my samsung galaxy note 3 phone it is also /sdcard/Pictures/Screenshots the fact that it is in the same place on two different devices suggests that it is an android standard , rather than something left up to the device manufacturer .
on my nexus devices /sdcard/Pictures/Screenshots i think it is the default , odd really as it should go in with dcim
there is one way not requiring third-party apps : long-pressing the home button .
i would guess there is a setting issue in the apn check your setting in apn with you phone company
from this post , it seems that only very specific conditions seem to trigger this bug . also , afaik , this only seems to affect the default messaging app , using a replacement like handcent seems to be the way to go . more info on the bug here . specifically , there is something about certain email-to-sms messages that corrupts android 's sqlite database , causing unpredictable results thereafter . the most commonly cited offender is alerts sent by bank of america , though sms alerts sent by linkedin and t-mobile are also cited . it is possible that any sms where the sender is an email address will do the trick , or it is possible there is something else these specific senders ' messages have in common . to be clear : if you have never received one of these corrupting messages , you will never be able to reproduce the bug . that is why it is only affecting a small group of android users . if you have fallen prey to the issue , you should be able to fix it by performing a hard reset ( wiping all data ) and then blocking the offending sender ( s ) from sending you texts in the future .
well , if its working before and has started giving you problem after the update i would say why do not you try uninstalling the updates . try heading over to the application manager> youtube application> uninstall the updates . see if that helps you out , it that still does not helps your then try clearing the cache and the data stored by the google play services application and then again try restarting the youtube application .
can you access recovery at all ? if so , put this file on your sd card , and install it using stock recovery .
have you set the default action for youtube links to the browser ? you may need to reset it ( settings --> applications --> manage applications --> app --> " clear defaults" ) so that you can choose the youtube app when wanting to view a youtube video .
if you download dolphin browser , add the desktop toggles add-on you should be able to view it as a normal webpage ( make sure to enable desktop toggles and delete the " m . " in the url ) that would solve the problem on your phone , as regards using it as a hotspot , i assume you tried deleting the " m . " in the url ? i think its the browser version youtube looks at when deciding what version of the site to serve so i dont know why it would serve the mobile version on your pc
now , the only option you have : flash rom over usb using odin ( if you have windows pc ) . you can find firmware files for your device on internet ( look xda forum ) .
for certain devices , such as the nexus 7 , that is not possible because the stock rom unifies /data and what would normally be used as an sd card with fuse mounts . if the restore program erased the /data partition , it would wipe out the backup because it is stored within /data . for example , with twrp it would be at /data/media/0/TWRP/BACKUPS/(deviceSerial)/ in a subdirectory of one 's choosing , but by default is composed of yyyy-mm-dd-hh-mm-ss ( buildid ) when the backup was started , for example "2013-12-28-14-12-18 kot49h " . what i think twrp will attempt to do on a restore is to recursively unlink ( 2 ) /rmdir ( 2 ) everything except the twrp directory tree . when i did a restore , it printed a message about wiping /data . it very well could depend on which recovery you use too . twrp might have a different way than cwm , which may be different from cot and so on . it might also depend on whether the device has an sd card slot or not ( a nexus 7 does not ) .
i tested this , and your concern is valid . i added a dummy file to /system and then did a nandroid restore . the dummy file survived . repeated the same test on /data with same result . so i do not know why cwm does not wipe those partitions first . the cwm author probably made an assumption it does not matter or there may be a valid reason they do not get wiped .
usually a nand restore will overwrite the partitions it restores completely . everything currently on the partition will be overwritten , and the exact same state from the backup will be restored . so wiping before restoring is not really necessary , as it will be completely overwritten anyway . instead it is usually recommended to wipe cache partitions ( including dalvik cache ) after the nand backup is restored to make sure that the restored state can be recovered correctly ( and is not affected by cache issues ) .
i believe you backed up from recovery , correct ? if that is the case , then the backup should contain everything that was on your phone before the backup -- apps , saved games , etc . so restoring the backup should have restored angry birds and its save data , as long as that was present before the backup . titanium can back up the app , the app 's data , or both . it does require root . non-root users have to deal with recovery backups , which are not as flexible since you can not restore only bits and pieces -- it is all or nothing . of course , the sd card is easy to back up ( plug it into a computer ) and some apps may allow you to export data . you had have to ask rovio why they chose not to use a database , but i would guess it is because the save data is so simple . if you open the file it is almost human-readable text . even easier to back up than a database .
by workspace you mean homescreen ? you could try a custom launcher , like apex or nova , which allow you to backup your homescreens .
you can backup app and data of the native twlauncher app using titanium backup . see , e.g. , discussions here and here .
well , i can not say correctly but i think it is showing green lock because the application is locked by some other application , do you remember installing any application which may be responsible for locking those application off ! i would say you need to go through the application installed again . i think this must be some cleaner application which you may have installed recently .
this is the task bar showing applications currently in main memory . the broom cleans up main memory except " locked " apps . to clean them up , you can flick them up one by one . yet , with android it is not necessary to do this in the vast majority of cases . android os does a pretty good job of managing memory and swapping apps to storage .
your demands are too much for one app or phone to fulfill , but there is this feature in almost every android phone ( which i have used ) they turn their brightness to minimum before going to sleep . so if your screen timeout is set to 1min , they will go to minimum brightness ( dim display ) for a few seconds before and then turn off the screen . i think this is exactly what you are asking for , very dim display saves the battery and you can tap the display to bring it back to the set brightness . so it should be already there in your phone , if not then you are going to have a hard time finding a solution for that . [ i use nexus 5 and it has this feature , and before that xperia s , that too had this dim the display before going to sleep feature ] . hope this helped .
well , i would say there is not any app available over the market which can help you in keeping the device display on while your are reading the book . but i would say you can find this feature over the samsung smartphone particularly in s4 , it has the feature named smart stay . i would say if that is too much important for you and as you stated above you do not what to change settings , then why do not you try purchasing a s3 , s4 , s5 .
if what you want is to keep the screen on while a certain app is running in foreground , there are several apps around which can help you out . i personally use tasker for this ( ever since i bought the app years ago ) successfully with a recipe that rawly reads : condition : app ( select the apps concerned ) task : display timeout ( set higher , or disable it completely ) done . while my default timeout is something like 1 minute , whenever e.g. i read my rss feeds it kicks in only after 5 minutes – which is perfectly fine , as if i did not touch the screen within that time i am not really reading ; ) if you do not feel like buying tasker for 5 bucks ( it is definitely worth the price : just follow the tag link to see what other uses it might have . sometimes it feels like every second question here can be answered with " tasker ! " ) , there are plenty of apps specialized on this , usually having " keep screen " in their names .
you will have to copy and paste . i do not know why the long click does not work , but i assume because the url does not start with " http " . i have found the easiest way to create bookmarklets is to do it on the pc and then import the bookmarks , or by copying the text of the js url to a text file , emailing or dropboxing it to my phone and then copying and pasting the text into a bookmark .
installing wifi keyboard as suggested by gathrawn made input much easier .
simply go to the handset service menu and check the total call timer . simple and easy .
based on what i have read so far , this may be a bluetooth issue . some people have fixed the issue by : using only 1 bt device . if you have connected both a bt keyboard and bt mouse , disable one of them . disabling wi-fi . having both wi-fi and bt seems to trigger a repeating key issue . using external keyboard helper pro . it has a do not repeat option . link to app . at the end of the thread , it mentions that bt was re-engineered in android 4.2 . so if you upgrade to 4.2 , that should fix the issues you are having .
the first time you boot a device after installing a new rom , or wiping the dalvik cache , the os needs to rebuild the dalvik cache . this cache is what is used to launch the applications on the device quicker . any time you install a new application or update an application , a dalvik cache for the application is created . when you wipe the cache , this needs to be rebuilt . the more apps you have installed , the longer it will take the first time it boots . as a good practice , you should clear the dalvik cache when ever you update your rom . on top of that , there could be extra boot scripts that will " extend " boot time .
there is a feature build into the emulator , named snapshot . snapshot , basically saves an image of the emulator ( in it is current state ) when you close it . then next time , you can start it from the same place . the emulator will start almost immediately , since it does not need to go through the boot process . using snapshot , i consistently can start my emulator in less than 5 seconds ( as opposed to 60 - 90 seconds to start it without ) . basically , when you create the avd ( create your emulator image ) - there is a section titled : " snapshot " . make sure this is checked ( "enabled" ) . you can also go back and edit an avd to enable this if you missed it the first time . next time you start the emulator , the " snapshot " options will be enabled . select " launch from snapshot " if you want to start from a saved image , and select " save to snapshot " to save whatever state your emulator is in when you close it .
in addition to the other great answers here , this is sort of an obvious answer . anyhow , i figured i would add it to the list here . if you increase hardware specs on the development computer your running this on ( most specifically ram or hard disk spindle speed ) you will see an increase in the speed at which the emulator starts up and runs . my development computer had 2gb of ddr2667 and when i went to 4gb of ddr800 i had a noticible increase in the speed of emulator startup and operations .
if you are using a multicore machine , you could try to force the emulator to use more cores . the android emulator uses a single core by default , and on some processors it can be really slow . however , this decreases the stability of the emulator . to do this , launch the emulator and press Ctrl+Shift+Esc to open task manager . go to the Processes tab and right-click the emulator.exe process , select Set Affinity and select additional cores . note that you have to do this every time you launch the emulator . i did this on my old dev machine ( q9650 , win2008 , 8gb ddr2 800mhz ram ) and it improved the speed a little , but crashed about once a day on average .
i think there is nothing to do to accelerate the emulator , it is just really slow . you had better use a real device for tests , if possible .
if you are doing development in eclipse , you do not need to turn off the emulator . if the debug/run button in eclipse is set up properly , then eclipse will close the current instance of your program inside the emulator , install your new program to the emulator , and start the program on the currently running emulator -- all without rebooting the emulator . yes , the emulator booting still takes 5 minutes , but it is not that bad since you only boot the emulator once a day ( and booting up eclipse at the start of the day takes roughly the same amount of time anyway ) .
lie ryan makes a good point that once you start the emulator you do not need to close it when you are done testing a build . leave it open and each time you run or debug your app it will automatically be re-loaded and launched . if you are having trouble with the size of the emulator you can modify the settings and have it display the actual size of the device you are trying to emulate . this can be done by opening up the " android sdk and avd manager " , select the avd you want to manage and click " start " . this will bring up the dialog on the right ( in the screen shot below ) . check the " scale display to real size " and then you need to modify the Screen Size field and the " monitor dpi " field . the " screen size " will be the size of the screen for the device you are emulating and " monitor dpi " will relate to your monitor 's dpi . you may have to play around with this for a bit ' cause it took me a couple attempts to get it right . hope this helps
if you are using android 2.2 's native tethering , then the phone acts as an access point . this means any wifi-enabled devices can tether to the phone as if it is a regular wireless access point . i do not know much about pdanet/easytether , but it should be possible to set up " internet connection sharing ( ics ) " on windows or " masquerading " on linux . speed will probably be not that great , since 3g is pretty slow on most areas . it will be usable , but unless the 3g speed in your area is blazingly fast , do not expect much .
in order to access truecrypt containers/files , you need to use 3rd party apps like eds or cryptonite . for the latter , which you already have , follow the instructions in their faq to mount with correct permissions : truecrypt --fs-options="uid=1000,gid=1000,umask=0002" volume.tc /sdcard/tc 
eduardo you are right , there is already a way to do this with the standard messaging app . you have to disable the " group messaging " setting in the messaging app . not sure if this setting is available on all versions of android but i have v4.4.2
sms and mms are 1 to 1 messages . doing what you want it is standard . just send the message using the standard sms client . it is lets you send to multiple recipients , but it sends a individual message to each .
your tl ; dr ; answer is : no . your carrier will always see the imei code of the phone . it is like a mac address on a lan . spoofing or changing the imei of a device is illegal . since in s.e. we will not go beyond the law , nobody is changing the imei . you can check the model and status of any device by its imei , in this link here . the p1000 sits on the boundary between a phone and a tablet ( humpty dum-p1000 sitting on a wall . . . ) . there are some like @onik♦ or your carrier that will see it as a tablet , but screen size ( and there are several 7 inch phones out there ) is hardly enough to make a device a tablet . . . p1000 runs only up to 2.3 gingerbread ( stock ) - several apps behave as phone only because of that . it makes calls and messaging , so i call a mistrial on this whole tablet or phone thing . we are specifically talking of the p1000 here . the other generations of the galaxy tab series can fall into the tablet side of the wall , but the p1000 ? no . good luck convincing your carrier of either . my money is on them telling you to suck it ( as bad as it sounds ) .
a developer has to call su within the application . once it calls that , and the user has granted permission to use su , then they run commands in the shell that has root permissions . in a way , system apps have " special " permissions but not root like an app would get by calling su . they have the permissions that android grants system applications .
once upon a time , there is a walled city with a large , closed gate bound by magical lock that can only be opened with a magical sword . according to the cityfolk 's traditions , anyone who brings the magic sword and unlocked the magical gate is destined to be the lord of the city . one day , a young hero comes to the city , bringing with him the magical sword he took from the root of the yggdrasil tree . he tapped the sword lightly on the door , and immediately the magical gate unlocked itself and peered open . the cityfolks cheered , and as per their tradition , they anointed the young hero as the city 's lord . as a city lord , there are many tasks he had to do , one of which is to ensure the security of his people , especially now that the gate is open and bandits and thieves may attempt to enter the city and rob the cityfolks ' of their belongings . to ensure the peaceful days of the cityfolks , the wise lord hired a trusted su manager to guard the gate ; dutifully , the su manager enters the city , and he closed the gate behind him , and he put a lock that only he can open , then he creates a big door knob for strangers to knock the gate , a small hole on the door where he can peek outside and look at the strangers , then asks the city 's lord whether or not to allow strangers in . in eternity , the wise lord ruled the city for a long time and the cityfolks lives happily ever after .
which actual files delegate permissions ? there is typically a " superuser " application that is included in rooting processes . this application is the gatekeeper/controller of which applications get root access . any time an application asks for root access , this application will pop up and ask you to either approve or deny the request . are all system apps given root permissions at startup ? as far as i know , everything must go through the " superuser " app .
i have been hunting for an answer for this myself , and information has been really elusive . but between other answers and questions here , and reading the superuser blog , i think i have been able to piece together how it works . in a standard *nix system , su checks if the user is authorized to become root ( on some systems , everyone is ; on others , they have to be a member of group wheel or something ) , prompts for the root password , and then grants root access . on a rooted android , what seems to be happening is that superuser comes with a custom version of su that figures out what app invoked it , then checks the superuser access database for whether or not that app is permitted to become root . if it is , then it makes the jump to root . if not , it spawns the authorization ui .
no im sorry , but chrome for android needs hardware acceleration , so until google change that ( i dont think thats gonna happen sorry ) you can not do that . but maybe in the future . sorry , i know it was not the answer you really wants to hear . . .
i am using samsung galaxy note android 4.0.3 . and i have tried encrypting and decrypting several times successfully .
there should have been a warning when you begin the encryption that you had to agree to . the only way to unencrypt it is to perform a factory reset , thereby wiping your data partition completely .
after doing some more research , i found a thread with a lot of users having the same exact problem : their solution is to use either headset blocker or disable autoplay apps . this seems to have sort of worked . just make sure that taskkiller is not disable either of these . i am still experimenting on how to fix this issue . . . edit1 : i still see the same issue even though both suggested apps are running . i believe the taskkiller app may be causing this issue . i am going to try disable it and seeing if this gets anywhere . edit2 : still no luck . i am going to try rooting my phone and installing the autostarts app
looking through the hyperdrive rom page for note 3 at xda , power menu toggle can be adjusted by the following steps . open the application Hyperdrive Tweaks included in the rom . in the app goto General Mods &gt; Extended Power Menu select the options you want for power menu toggles viz ( shut down / restart / recovery etc ) . however , i cannot find out where to disable the volume settings control from the power button , my assumption would be under audio mods of hyperdrive tweaks . reading further down in the thread , few have mentioned that enabling the power toggle in the hyperdrive tweaks app should override the current volume control toggle behaviour by power button ( long press ) .
i think i found a solution to the problem " connection to server lost , touch to retry " on wifi . in fact i used to encounter this problem on my samsung galaxy s2 device . the solution is as follows : first make sure you have a google account which you use to download applications from google play store . open the youtube application on your device . at the top left hand corner of your screen , you would find the youtube icon with 3 short lines to its left . click on it ( touch it ) and there is a pop up menu which appears if you have not yet signed into youtube with the gmail account , the
uninstall all of the updates to youtube and it will fix the issue .
you can find creation mode in s4 mini by following this sequence : open messaging . press to the left of home button to open message setting options , and select settings at the bottom of the list . scroll down to mms settings - creation mode is there , it has ' restricted ' ' warning ' and ' free ' . as far as i can determine , your downloads or screenshots which are saved as .png will still be .png , and therefore other devices may be unable to open or view those files , but you can at least send them . i am going to send to another galaxy device to see if it can view them , worth experimenting .
an easier way is to use style jukebox . it is similar to google music , only that it is cross-platform and has app for windows too . you get style jukebox for your computer and any song you add there will be automatically uploaded to your cloud account . you can upload up to 2000 songs for free . then with any device you have ( android , wp or ios ) you can instantly access your music and playlists , from anywhere . www.get-jukebox.com
there are various options . i actually use windows media player . it actually does a pretty good job syncing , although i am not fond of the interface in general . i use poweramp to play my music , but any player should work . this does require a cable however . airsync syncs your playlist over the air . it sounds convenient but it costs $4.99 , but since you want it over wifi that may do the job . you can also use the amazon mp3 player if you want to load your music onto the cloud , or one of the other cloud services that have been suggested so far .
google music google music puts music from your pc onto google servers which you can access from your phone . it has a save-to-phone option , playlists and other features .
i am sure the list is long , but i will mention what i have found after a brief investigation and from other answers syncness http://www.clayworldsoftware.com/index.php/syncness/ sync with multiple shares on your home or work network sync with mutilple dropbox accounts two way file deletions sync when wifi network is detected ! - thats very cool scheduled sync pros syncing on detecting the wifi network does not require a server application running on a pc quite cheap $1.99 cons does not do media conversion missing sync does google music http://music.google.com/music/ pros cons only available to users in the united states winamp http://www.winamp.com/android seems possible to sync over wifi using both a winamp client on the phone and pc http://blog.winamp.com/2010/11/30/wirelessly-sync-music-to-your-android-phone/ pros free ! missing sync http://www.markspace.com/products/missing-sync-family.html pros seems to have quite a comprehensive set of two-way synchronization features . supports wifi and multiple devices , quite handy as i have an iphone as well cons cost $39.95
it is a paid app but i have found syncness to be good . it allows multiple sync profiles , sync on connect to particular wifi networks or time based syncs .
that is done easiest using adb ( see the adb tag-wiki for details on what adb is and how to get/install it on your machine ) . as you do not state the os you are using on your desktop , i write how it could be done on linux ( which i work with ) ; should be easily adaptable to other platforms : put all your downloaded .apk files into a single folder connect your android device , and make sure it is recognized ( adb devices should list a connected device ) open a terminal/command prompt , and change to the directory where your .apk files reside run for file in *.apk; do adb install $file; done watch all the apps getting installed , without requiring any further interaction : )
with tasker you are able to achieve this . the tasks can be defined as e.g. wifi on and there are different trigers for those tasks . amoung many others , time can be a trigger .
i would recommend llama as you have wished for a free app . further more this is a location based profile . this can not only do what you have said but also do what you want based on your location .
phone schedule
yes , it has a magnetic sensor / digital compass .
menu > settings> apps> running application> find xperia keyboard > settings ( xperia keyboard ) > text input settings> my words , . . choose the word you want to delete or edit , , . . thats the step that i learned so far , . , hope helps . .
do not wipe everything . it is possible to delete individual words . i have the experia t , i and have just done this : open a text click to reply so the keyboard pops up press the 12 ! ? button down-left corner go across to the right , and click on the spanner icon go in to my words hold your finger down on a word , and down the right of the screen will pop up a box next to each word ticking the boxes of the ones you do not want hit delete , and they all magically disappear .
goto settings> applications> ( select all ) > goto user dictionary/message extention/ anything having dictionary or with the envelop logo . go there and press clear data . and u r done
best answer i have found so far : you could try clearing all data from the keyboard . Menu&gt;Settings&gt;Applications&gt;Running Applications then tap All . scroll down and find Internation Keyboard ( if thats the one you are using ) and Clear Data . source : sony ericsson support forum of course , it will also set the keyboard to the original settings . anyway , i would like to find a way to remove some misspellings and not all the learned words , so if somebody knows how to do it , i will be glad to hear from it .
i had a similar issue when trying to run cm9 and cm10.1 on my sensation xl . to bypass the cache issue , i added this line to my build . prop file : dalvik.vm.dexopt-data-only=1 
some htc devices that are unlocked using htc-dev ( rather than actually gaining s-off ) required to manually flash the boot . img that you extract from the rom 's zip using fastboot . fastboot flash boot "c:\location\to\boot.img" 
i have just published an app for automatic photo upload to google drive with lots of convenient options . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mynextandroid.drivephotosync it is free so give it a try ! brs
i use sweet home ! free app to upload photo 's and video 's from my android devices over wifi at home to my nas google drive folder . ( this is fast 300mbit/s ) . then the google drive tool on my nas ( which has windows os ) uploads the pictures and videos to google drive to be able to share and have an extra cloud backup . google+ app comes in to easy watch and browse through the pictures . so i do not use the upload function in google+ , because i can not find an easy way to sync the photos localy after that and uploading right from the mobile device to internet is always slower than locally to the nas . florisz
use dropbox . its app has " camera upload " functionality . and you get free space for uploading photos .
i was seeking an answer for about 2 hours , finally i found the correct answer on google picasa sync with google+
there is a thread on google groups that covers this issue . by the answer provided by analikeslattes , this is being considered and possible prepared by google staff since 5/1/12: android instant upload to drive hi all , thanks for your input . we have heard many requests along these lines , and are definitely looking into potential solutions on our end . i will do my best to keep this forum updated once relevant features start to become available . in the meantime , please keep posting your requests about the drive android app ! we are always excited to hear from our users . cheers , ana as far as i can tell , this is not yet implemented and a year has passed . since both applications are from google and they alone can take the necessary steps to have this feature implemented properly , i would suggest to you and any interested person to visit the thread and leave the " feature-wish " there . app suggestion while it would be great to have a native solution for this problem , oliver salzburg commented on my post at google+ about this issue refering the app suggested bellow , that i have just now tested and is working beautifully sending all of my files to my desired destination on the google drive . foldersync lite foldersync is a application that enables simple sync to cloud based storage to and from local folders on the device memory card . it currently support multiple skydrive , dropbox , sugarsync , ubuntu one , box .net, livedrive , hidrive , google docs , netdocuments , amazon s3 , ftp , ftps , sftp , webdav or windows share ( samba/cifs ) accounts , and support for more platforms are planned . you do not need more than 5 minutes to complete the 3 basic steps : add your google drive account add a folderpair start the sync process
technically speaking there is no completely safe rooting of any devices , this is because rooting allows complete access to device files . so rooting no there is no really ' safe ' way . you can however root your phone and then just be careful with what you install and do on your phone . i honestly do not see much of a reason to root a phone , but if you want to then just be careful . also there had not been a release of saferoot and probably will not be for awhile due to android 4.4 kitkat still being a fairly new os .
i believe this is not specifically to do with your sd card . did you have songs in a play list ? i find my music is fine unless i add it to a play list , if i do tracks get deleted .
that sounds like a bad sd card . insist doing that over and over again , with sound files and movie files as well .
353mb is probably too little for a proper 4.1+ experience . besides this , there is no generic android installation media , each device needs its firmware tailored and adapted by the manufacturer . if the manufacturer has put it end-of-life , you are hosed unless you find someone who ported it or you port it yourself .
not sure you have fixed this or not . if you are still out of luck , try root the phone via below tutorial : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1832485
unfortunately , root is required to be able to write to flash drives using usb otg on the nexus 7 . you can only read files without root .
either root your nexus 7 and follow as per the other answers ( i.e. . use the stick mount application ) . to root go to this http://m.blog.laptopmag.com/how-to-root-the-nexus-7-2013 . do not do this if you do not know about rooting , you may brick or destroy the tablet for good . or the safest way buy nexus media importer application from the google play store .
you need to root your phone for using flash drive . after rooting , use super su binaries and stickmount app . now you can easily use your flash drive . it will be mounted in your root directory
clockworkmod is a custom recovery , so the device is probably root ed . a 128 mb sdcard is as good as no sdcard at all , and probably cannot even hold a single image to flash . you might want to check for a bigger one , everything below 4 gb makes not much sense ( make sure to buy nothing below class-4 , class-6 is better , class-10 not really necessary ) . after that , check on cyanogenmod . com for your device , and follow instructions there . before doing so , however : have you tried to boot the device normally ( just using the power button ) ? it might even boot up normally . if not , you can execute the wipe data/factory reset item in the last screenshot , followed by reboot system now and see if that helps . if not , see above : )
try b1 free archiver , or androzip™ file manager . if the file still does not open properly , it might be possible that the archive is corrupt . try opening the same archive on pc as well , just to be sure .
solid explorer should be able to open rar files . try opening the file on a pc , as it may be corrupted .
are you talking about google play movies and tv ? i think this is only for rented / purchased movies in google play . to play an mp4 file on your device , try an app like mx player .
so i tried to "Clear Data" , instead of just "Clear Cache" in the google service framework ( and forced stop ) . i then ran the checkin again ( dial *#*#2432546#*#* in the phone app ) , and now i am being shown the new Android 4.3 System Update .
if you are rooted and custom clockworkmod installed then go to recovery mod and fix permissions will clear this issue . . or you can use rom manager to fix permissions .
it also happened to me after 4.2.1 updates . i just reset to factory settings . now , it is working fine for me .
the app best suits for you is sony walkman player here are the download links . walkman . apk visualizerpack . apk all the features you want can be found here . have a play queue have lock screen controls visualizer mode . edit metadata and many more . simply install it and try it out .
this is the method i use for finding important apps which have to fit certain requirements : make a list of all the features you want . have some music in the standard music folder which the standard music app uses . do not have too much music as it may take a new app a long time to read it all . find an article which compares popular music players like "10 best android music players " . popular ones will be most likely to have lots of features . download the music apps mentioned in the articles . start it and test it to see if it has the features on your list . keep a record of the ones that meet most of your requirements , as there is a chance you might not find exactly what you want .
you can simply flash win odin gt-i9100 firmware . firmwares you can get from sammobile odin you can get from http://web.djodjo.org/?a=download:android:tools:win:bootloadertools get odin307 you can also check this tutorial for flashing with odin .
app purchases are not bound to devices , but to the google account they have been purchased with . so as long as you use the same google account on the devices , there should be no limit afaik .
it is completely depends upon applications but in most of the cases it is not restricted on devices or mail account , as spb launcher etc track your registration so you can not use those app , but angry birds , etc you can use . . . . it is depends upon app to app
there is no limit . from google support : downloading previously purchased and downloaded apps when you download a paid or free app on google play , the app is connected to your google account , meaning that you get several benefits : if you get a new device , remove an app to free up space , or reset your device , you can reinstall the app without purchasing it again . if you have multiple devices , you can install the app on all of your devices without purchasing the app again . you can quickly find free or paid apps that you previously downloaded .
i completely forgot about the adb_usb . ini file in the \USER_NAME\.android folder . added 0x0C2E to the bottom , restarted adb and all is good . so , full instructions : get device hardware ids from device manager in the form of USB\VID_1234&amp;PID_5678&amp;MI_90 enable driver : open file \android-sdks\extras\google\usb_driver\android_winusb.inf add under both [Google.NTx86] [Google.NTamd64]  save and close . installing drive : find device in device manager and update driver . choose browse let me pick have disk browse select \android-sdks\extras\google\usb_driver\android_winusb.inf ok choose Android Composite ADB Inerface next accept unsigned warning if shown . for windows 8 you may need to enable the installation of unsigned drivers , just google it . update adb : open file \USE_NAME\.android\adb_usb.ini add to the bottom 0x1234 ( this is the vid part with the 0x identifying it as hexadecimal ) save and close restart the adb by either eclipse : show the Devices view click the facing down triangle in the top right corner of the view click reset adb command prompt : open command prompt cd to your \android-sdks\platform-tools\ folder run adb kill-server run adb start-server all done .
i have found a solution for the following problem : -the nexus 7 2013 device must never be turned off unless it has an insufficient amount of battery -when the nexus 7 2013 device is exposed to an inductive charge , it should turn on automatically in order to apply this change to my device , i activated the bootloader and ran a simple batch file with the following script : fastboot oem unlock fastboot oem off-mode-charge 0 fastboot oem lock fastboot reboot  this line : fastboot oem off-mode-charge 0  sets the device to turn on whenever there is enough charge remaining that is sufficient to power up the device . if the device is drained completely of battery , then charged via conduction to or above a level of sufficient battery for rebooting , it will not reboot unless it is then either the charger is removed and re-applied or if the power button is pressed . this means that if a device is charged from 0% battery to 100% battery and removed from the charger , it can remain turned off for shipment until it arrives at its destination , in which it can be touched to an inductive charger and instantly turned on with no power button interaction whatsoever . this may be a specific usage that will not help others the way it helped me , but if it helps others in any way i would rather put it out there than keep it to myself .
i asked the same question to micromax support and i got email from them , dear valued customer , thank you for your email , we would like to inform you that hpns files are the temp file which will be create on the uses of internet .
first , files on sdcard should not be essential for the system to live , in general – though there are exceptions , like when you moved apps2sd , you should not remove the folder they are moved to ( which is a different hidden one named .android_secure ) . in general , you should even be able to completely remove the card , and the system should still work as usual . now for your two special folders . one is explained easily , as it is a standard folder : LOST.DIR ( on fat ; on most other file systems the corresponding folder is called LOST+FOUND , see what is the purpose of the lost+found folder in linux and unix ? ) in short is used by the file system checker ( fsck , the equivalent to chkdsk on windows ) to store data blocks which lost their mapping to a given file . this can happen e.g. when the file system is not cleanly unmounted ( the system crashed , or you simply removed the battery while it was running ) . as each file system has its own " lost folder " , if you do not miss anything from your sdcard it is safe to empty this directory . as for the hpns folder it is hard to say what it is . i never heard of such , so it is no " android standard folder " but rather must belong to a specific application . i would recommend to copy ( backup ) its content to your computer , and then delete it from the card . according to your description , it seems to hold nothing but logs , so i expect no trouble . if you find no side-effects for a couple or days/weeks , it should be safe to delete those backed-up files . and if some app is complaining , you can simply put back those files ( and as a side-effect finally know which app the directory belongs to ) .
they are just the log files . . . you can delete the files in the hpns folder through file manager . switch off your mobile phone and restart . you will find your memory card free .
if you are rooted i think the answer of narayanan said it all ; just copy a japanese font to the system\fonts folder however , if you are unrooted you can install a file explorer app that includes a japanese font . i did a quick google search and the following file explorers ( say that they ) support japanese : astro file manager es file explorer andexplorer i am not entirely sure if this solves your problem opening the files . you might need to install viewer programs with japanese support as well . btw , are you sure you have android 4.1 ? i remember reading that jelly bean has ( improved ) native japanese support .
i do not think that this is a font issue . applications do not need to be able to display the characters to handle files using those characters . moreover , droid sans do support japanese characters . in my stock galaxy nexus ( not a japanese phone ) , japanese file names are handled and displayed fine using oi file manager and es file explorer . file names in linux and unix filesystems ( e . g . ext2/ext3/ext4 ) are just sequence of bytes because the linux kernel is encoding-transparent , i.e. the kernel does not care about filename encoding . filename encoding is considered an application-level issue . in contrast , java file api ( and , therefore android 's java file api ) is encoding-aware and will attempt to decode file names according to system default encoding . the system default encoding in android is utf-8 . the situation is different if the files are stored in an sd card that is formatted using windows filesystems , e.g. vfat or ntfs . these filesystems specifies a certain on-disk encoding for file names . applications that directly handle files coming from another system , such as file transfer programs ( ftp , etc ) and decompression programs ( tar , zip , etc ) are supposed to translate file names from the remote systems or inside archives to the local system 's default encoding . however , this is not enforced by the kernel , so it is possible for poorly written ( native ) application to produce files with filename encoding that does not match system 's default encoding . my guess is that you have file names that are not encoded in utf-8 , and the java file api were not able to decode these filenames . try to rename and reencode the file names or use a file transfer program that knows how to translate the filenames to the system encoding .
you will need to install a japanese font onto your device . to do this , you would have to be rooted . another workaround : see if you can change the system language to japanese . you may be able to download an app from google play that will automatically install the font onto your device .
i should have identified that this problem only occurs when mounting the media remotely using cifsmanager . better late than never , i suppose . the solution is to pass a parameter using the options field : iocharset=utf8 . the parameter tells the cifs module to use utf8 as the character set when it mounts the samba share . this may become unnecessary in the future , as it would make sense to have this set by default in the first place .
you are facing this issue because ( as @liamwli said ) you lack the required font and also possibly because of lack of sufficient libraries in your present rom . due to this reason , it is unable to display the file name properly and as a ramification of this issue , different apps behave differently based on how the developer handled this situation . what can be done ? this depends on few factors : if your phone is rooted , extract DroidSansFallBack.ttf from /system/fonts folder to your computer and examine whether it has the required characters in japanese . i assume you can read japanese . this is to ensure the first part of the reason explained in " why " section . if you do not have japanese character displayed , please try finding a suitable truetype font ( ttf ) which displays japanese characters in pc . copy this file to the above said folder with DroidSansFallBack.ttf , replacing the existing file ( after backup ) . after a reboot you may be able to see characters properly . then the apps might be able to open the file . in case if you are still unable to open such files , please revert back the backed up ttf file .
in ics , if you use the favorites tab in the people app , then it will behave like you mentioned ; however if you use the favorites tab in the phone app , then it will directly call the number you set as default number for the contact .
without root access , there is no way possible to change the default install location of apps . you need to have root access in order to make such changes .
install mobogenie for pc , enable usb debugging in your phone settings , and connect the phone to your pc . you will find the option to move your apps to sd .
there is no such method to know whether all apps would work in ics , i have seen some issues with hardware acceleration problem in old apps when running in ics , it depends on application build , if any authentic applications like browsers mozilla chrome would update their application depending on os which it has . no need to worry about applications which gets updated on time to time , still people are trying to fix all so should work on ics , . let us c
you can check the changelog and comments on the market for information , quite many apps have recently been updated to be ics compatible and there is usually a mention of this in the changelog . also , if the app is not compatible , there is usually a comment about this . in my experience , almost all of the apps i use are compatible with ics or have been updated . some may not have all the compatibility features such as the new menu style , but ics is backwards compatible with the old style too . edit : developers can also specify the parameter android:maxsdkversion in their androidmanifest . xml which restricts the application from running ( and afaik also from showing up in the market ) on newer platforms . i have not published any apps in the market so i am not sure if there are separate settings in there to restrict the apps from installing on higher version platforms . you can try to check the androidmanifest . xml of your apps by using android-apktool , but this requires you to know how to get the . apk files to your pc .
you could set up the android emulator with ics , install the market on it , and try it for yourself . unfortunately all the instructions i have seen for installing the market on the emulator are for older versions of android , so i am not sure if they had work on ics . here are a couple : http://blog.varunkumar.me/2010/11/how-to-install-android-market-in-google.html stackexchange-url edit : this link seems to indicate it might be possible , using an android ics vm instead of the official emulator : http://vmlite.com/index.php?option=com_kunenaitemid=158func=viewcatid=9id=8838limit=6limitstart=84#8951
apps can store data in both places , but the sd card has a fat filesystem which does not support file permissions . this means that a malicious app could erase or change app data very easily if the data was on the sd card . as well , you can swap sd cards or format your card , and then the app would have " forgotten " all its settings and lost all the other data . so it is a very good idea to put app data in the phone storage , where android can manage access to the data and protect it .
it is not something i would look to developers and blame them for . quite frankly , there are many cases in which our apps do not even work while living on the sd card . i have had situations where music and podcasts are stored on my sd card because the app in question puts them there , but if the card is out , does not register on boot , gets swapped , etc , and something does not work when it is time to use the app , users run straight to the market to bash the app developer when it is their own fault . developers often try to save users from themselves , because quite frankly we as users do stupid things , and sometimes that can be viewed as being lazy . when in reality , we are doing what makes sense because we can predict how things can break down .
the disk usage application can show you all this information in a nice graphical format , allowing you to explore the space taken up by applications in your phone memory , or the space taken up by files on your sd card . app2sd will also display information for all apps , although it does not split the space into segments based on app/data/cache like disk usage does . however , it will allow you to move all apps that you can to the sd card from the phone memory , and provides an easy way to see all the apps installed on the phone , and one click access to the main application settings to uninstall applications .
i am pretty sure that the space shown for each app is the space used on the phone storage , and does not include space used on the sd card . you can verify this by checking an app in Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , then unmount and remove the sd card and check again .
no , you can not do this without rooting or installing a custom rom . some apps allow you to select from predefined themes within the app , and you can install a custom launcher to change the appearance of the home screen and app drawer ( the list of apps ) , but you can not change the appearance of all apps . if you could , there would be no way for app authors to know what the app would look like on users ' phones . for example , if an app had light-coloured background artwork or photo , with dark text , and you changed the text to light , it would no longer show up against the background image . people already complain that android apps look less polished than ios apps , and this would be even worse if app authors had to worry about text colours being different on different users ' devices . samsung phones have an accessibility feature that colour-inverts the whole screen , in all apps . even this does not quite do what you want , because of course if the app started out with light text on a dark background , it would be inverted to dark on a light background . it also makes the device pretty useless for looking at photos or other artwork , and makes colours ugly in all apps .
it will not make a noticeable difference . the gps receiver has to be powered up continuously either way , but the receiver itself is not a huge part of the battery use of most location-based apps . in general , this kind of app can be a battery drain because it is running , computing data , and saving data continuously . for example , if it is saving a log of your route , it has to get the gps locations , filter and process those locations , and save them to the storage , continuously . all the time it is doing this , the phone 's cpu is still running at high power , when normally it would be asleep ( in a low-power state ) in your bag or pocket . the difference between how much other work the two apps are doing , and how efficient they are at that , is going to dwarf any difference caused by location sampling rates . in fact the difference between the apps themselves might even be more than the total power consumption of the gps receiver .
one method i have found very useful for troubleshooting exchange activesync problems is to use the troubleshooting and connection logging functions built into the touchdown exchange client ( 30 day free trial app ) . it is helped me out with troubleshooting my exchange connection in the past . on the app 's initial connection attempts to your exchange/eas server it logs the entire communication , with an option to save the logs for future reference . once you have setup the connection there is a diagnostics menu option on the main screen that can be set to log everything that happens between your phone and the server , with the option to attach the log to a new mail , or copy to the clipboard for use in other apps .
the " linkification " is actually handled by the sms application on the device , not by anything within the message . if their device is not changing it to a link , then the device is not parsing the links correctly for all top level domains . there is nothing you can do about it really . the only thing that i could think of around this is to use some link shorter that will show as a clickable link and send those , but that is a lot more work because now you need to generate the shortened link first .
try tasker ! it does this and much much more : ) developer website : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/ android market : https://market.android.com/details?id=net.dinglisch.android.taskerm if the learning curve is a little steep for you i would suggest " setting profile " even if less powerful than tasker . also " locale " could be of help . i think you need to combine more apps to achieve your result or just use tasker as i have suggested : )
an alternative to tasker that i have used is automateit , which unlike tasker is free . with automateit ( and similarly with tasker ) is to define triggers that will causes actions to happen , for example , you might want to set the media volume to 80 when you plug the earphone and then mute it when you unplug , or you might want to setup different screen brightness for different time of the day ( useful if your phone does not have a light sensor ) , or you might want to set different notification volumes when the phone is connected to the office wifi than to your home wifi . you can freely mix and match these triggers and events and have very complex configuration ; or you can simply use it to turn on and off your volumes .
i would been using tasker , but it was really difficult and worked to maintaining the profiles . i found phoneweaver . much simpler !
you describe the options displayed with a word highlighted including " share " . behind this item hides an entire menu , the so-called " share menu " , where many apps plug themselves in as receivers for compatible content . a highlighted word might serve as such content for several things -- e.g. a web search ( so google search could pick it ) , send by mail/sms , or -- the interesting part here -- some dictionary/translator app . while i would suspect google search could cover that as well , i want to give you another interesting idea : colordict dictionary wikipedia is an app that can be used for online and offline " word lookup " in dictionaries , be it translation , synonyms , or definitions . the app supports a bunch of dictionaries for offline use , as well as several online dictionaries and , the name suggests it , wikipedia . if it integrates with the " share menu " ( which i guess it does ) , this would make the perfect candidate for you : colordict ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants )
the very-originally-named dynamic dns client is a fairly popular app for this purpose . as for service , noip is popular , free , and reliable in my experience .
System settings &gt; My device &gt; Language and keyboard &gt; Language . note : i also have an s4 , and also from philippines .
let 's talk about sets , baby android 's backup service has a concept called a set : the set of all data backed-up from one device ( on one transport , but that is a detail ) . each set is identified by a unique string , such as the imei on the device . when an app ( or the list of installed apps ) is backed up , its backup data go into the set associated with the device it is being backed up from . all the sets are still specific to the user 's google account . if you wipe your device and sell it to someone else , he will not be able to access that device 's set unless he can log into your google account . default behaviour when an app is installed , or a device has its list of apps restored , the backup system first looks in that device 's set for backup data for that package . if it does not find any ( either because it is a completely new device with no backed-up data , or because that package has never been installed on that device ) , it'll expand the search to other sets . ( if there is a choice , it'll use the last set that was used for a full-device restore . ) thus , when you set up a new device , it'll restore the list of apps from an old device 's backup , and restore each app from the old device 's backup . if you had an app installed on one device and you install it on another device , the app will be restored with its data from the old device . in either case , the data are now backed up into the new device 's set , which means that the backup data from the two devices are separate from now on . after you factory-reset a device , it'll restore from that device 's last backup if there is one , and failing that , from some other device 's backup if there is one , but it will start to create its own set from then on . that is why nalum 's two devices do not see each others ' backed-up apps : they are each restoring from their own last backups . source this mechanism does not have any user-facing documentation , since it is supposed to automatically do the right thing , but the code is available . bmgr: basic use as izzy found , the bmgr tool gives you some control over this process . it is intended as an aid for programmers to help test and debug the backup integration in their apps . you can use this tool in an adb shell to trigger backups and restores of chosen packages , wipe packages ' backed-up data , and even a whole-device restore . do not try to use it in an on-device shell except as root : you need the system-level android.permission.BACKUP to do anything interesting with it . you can make an app update its backed-up data immediately : bmgr backup com.shadowburst.showr bmgr run  ( or whatever the app 's package name is ) . there is not normally any need to do this , as apps request their own backups whenever their data changes , but this lets you work around a badly-written app . to restore one package from the backed-up data it would choose by default : bmgr restore com.shadowburst.showr  but again , this will only do what the device would do on its own , so you should not need to use it . note also that the device already needs to be installed to make this work . more control now for the stuff that the backup system will not do on its on . to see what sets of backed-up data are available : bmgr list sets  and you will get some output like this :  3ff7800e963f25c5 : manta 3f0e5c90a412cca7 : manta 3dd65924a70e14c8 : TF101 3baa67e9ce029355 : m0  the 64-bit hex number on the left is a token . you will need this in a minute . the thing on the right is a ( relatively ) friendly name for the device that owns the set . for example , manta is the code name for the nexus-10 ; tf-101 refers to the original asus-eee-pad-transformer . once you have figured out which set you want , you can restore an app from that set using its token : bmgr restore 3ff7800e963f25c5 com.shadowburst.showr  you can add more package names to the end of the command to restore several packages at once , or you can specify no package name ( just the token ) to restore every app with data in that set ( that is , it does a full-system restore ) . finally , you can wipe an app 's data from the current set : bmgr wipe com.shadowburst.showr  this will make its next backup operation start from scratch . this might be useful after uninstalling an app , if an error in the app corrupted its backup data and you do not want it restored . you can not make a device start writing into a different set , nor can you wipe a whole set .
the following is by far no answer to the question , but might shed some light on some details : some pieces extracted from the backup api though the api is mainly targeted at developers , there are a few facts we might be able to extract for our case . in the following list , italics mark quotes from the api documentation . android automatically performs a restore operation when your application is installed and there exists backup data associated with the user . &rarr ; this can mean two things : if an app supports the google backup api , and the user has the google backup enabled , available backup-data will automatically be restored on installation . good thing when you install an app used on a single device to a second device for the first time . backups are only associated with the google account , not with the device ( and there exists backup data associated with the user ) -- or the other fact was just ignored as irrelevant for this special case ( "app is installed" ) the backup transport is the client-side component of android 's backup framework , which is customizable by the device manufacturer and service provider . the backup transport may differ from device to device [ . . . ] &rarr ; this might explain the unreliability when it comes to different devices ( or different android versions ) . ( emphasis mine ) data backup is not guaranteed to be available on all android-powered devices . ( no comment ) google provides a backup transport with android backup service for most android-powered devices running android 2.2 or greater . &rarr ; here we have the minumum android version required for google backup being available at all : froyo , aka android 2.2 to get your backup service key , register for android backup service . [ . . . ] &rarr ; each app must have its own key . there is no " why " described , but a good guess : to isolate the backups so no app can read backups of another app ( wrong key ; as for backups of another user : wrong account ) while developing your application , you can initiate an immediate backup operation from the backup manager with the bmgr tool . &rarr ; looks like there is a way to manually trigger backups ? let 's dig into that later . &darr ; when it is time to restore your application data , the backup manager calls your backup agent 's onRestore() method . &rarr ; this again underlines the first item of this list : first the app must be installed , then their own implementations are used to restore its data . on a second look : if the app-restore fails , there wont be a data-restore for the failed apps -- until you manually install them via google play . then , as the first item showed , data should automatically be restored via google backup under the explained conditions ( must have been backed up with it , same account , etc . ) backing up other files &rarr ; forgive me not quoting from the ( technical ) contents of that chapter , but in short : only files from internal storage can be backed up according to it . some pieces extracted from the bmgr api it provides commands to induce backup and restore operations [ . . . ] &rarr ; looks like here 's a way how to trigger actions manually if the " automatism " fails these commands are accessed via the adb shell . &rarr ; this does not need any explanation : ) adb shell bmgr backup &lt;package&gt; &rarr ; ok , so this action is bound to apps . guess if you know the data provider 's package name , this should work as well ( e . g . com.android.providers.settings for the system settings , or com.android.providers.telephony for sms/mms etc ? ) you can force all pending backup operations to run immediately by using the bmgr run command &rarr ; the first command just " schedules " backups . having triggered all packages , this can be used to immediately execute them . adb shell bmgr restore &lt;package&gt; &rarr ; this looks to nice to be true , right ? exactly , because : the backup manager will immediately instantiate the application 's backup agent and invoke it for restore . data only , as the app already needs to be there ( as its routines are called ) . so in short : bmgr can be used to trigger backups for apps supporting google backup , which you have installed -- and it can trigger data restore for the same . it can not be used to trigger a complete restore -- at least that is not documented here .
i backed stuff up using both built-in google backup and helium backup before i wiped and installed carbon custom rom on a nexus 4 ( from kitkat stock ) . expected google to restore apps , settings etc . as it has done before when i have restored this phone but no joy . tried helium as well , also no joy , even with manual ' pc download ' restores - said ' restored ' but wifi and app data still not there . running bmgr restore &lt;xxx&gt; full restore and bmgr run as detailed above triggered the full google restore and worked a treat - lifesaver for me ! google could make a better effort , especially if they want to compete with the apple ' just works ' idea . . . still i do love the hackability of android despite its pitfalls !
my experience with it has been that each device has it is own backup . i get this from messing around with my nexus 7 and my galaxy s ii . other than that i do not know . apps : my nexus 7 has these apps caustic , dc comics and 20 minute meals that upon factory reset of my galaxy s ii are not installed on the galaxy s ii . my galaxy s ii has theses apps drivedroid and human japanese that upon factory reset of my nexus 7 are not installed on the nexus 7 . the apps are compatible with both devices , so incompatibility cannot be the reason for them to not be installed on the respective other device . data : as for wifi and other data i am unsure as each time i have set up the wifi on each device during the initial android setup . as to other google accounts that you may have they do not seem to be copied to each device and the same has been true of skype and github accounts on each device .
the android keyboard does not have directional keys ; you need a keyboard that has them . your fascinate should have both the samsung keyboard and the swype keyboard , which do have arrow keys . press and hold the 123 button ( samsung ) or swipe from the swype key to the sym key ( swype ) .
btep has a " using better terminal emulator pro " page on their wiki which explains most of the special shortcuts and keys . the basic breakdown of what you are looking for is : for directional input : either use a keyboard that supports this or use btep 's virtual direction pad feature . you can access it by tapping the screen when the keyboard is visible , long-pressing the screen when it is not , or pressing the search button . the cursor should change to a &gt; character to indicate you are in vdp mode , and you can swipe your directional input ( i.e. . swipe up for the up key ) . for esc : this is usually mapped by default to the volume up key , but you can remap it to any of the available programmable shortcut keys . you can also press the search button then press [ , since search is mapped to the control character on devices that lack a trackball or dpad ( as well as activating vdp mode ) and ^[ ( ctrl- [ ) is the esc character .
hacker 's keyboard - use a full soft keyboard on android you can use the free , open source , app call hacker 's keyboard to gain access to the buttons of a full keyboard : “are you missing the key layout you are used to from your computer ? this keyboard has separate number keys , punctuation in the usual places , and arrow keys . it is based on the aosp gingerbread soft keyboard , so it supports multitouch for the modifier keys . this keyboard is especially useful if you use connectbot for ssh access . it provides working tab/ctrl/esc keys , and the arrow keys are essential for devices such as the xoom tablet or nexus s that do not have a trackball or d-pad . ” http://code.google.com/p/hackerskeyboard/
any app with the permission ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION can trigger gps – unless you have explicitly switched off gps location with your device settings . to scan for possible candidates , you can use a permission checker . there is e.g. permission explorer which allows you to browse installed apps by permissions , so you can limit your watch to relevant candidates . permission explorer : categories , apps by permission ; lbe ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) if your device is rooted , there are also other means . i am e.g. using lbe to protect my privacy . concerning location , i can restrict on a per-app base whether an app can always access it , never access it , or i want to be asked when it tries . the latter method should definitely bring up your culprit – and even in case you missed the event , there are always lbe 's logs ( accessible from inside the app ) you can check .
you have several options that have varying degrees of difficulty and effectiveness ( depending on what you are ultimately trying to do of course ) : develop your own custom rom that only includes only the apps and functions that you want . root the device , and then remove system apps that you do not want . for an unrooted device , you can download one of the numerous apps that hide and lock apps like ilock . i suppose this would be useful theoretically if you had a device that wanted to implement in a business where you were letting your customers or sales people use if for a very specific function and did not want them messing around with anything beyond that . i had a 4th option to share but i forgot it as i was typing the other three . i will update as soon as i remember it .
you can modify system image . pre-installed applications are located at /system/app/ folder . you can add new application to this folder or remove pre-existing applications from that folder . applications from this folder are not removable ( if device is not rooted ) . as a fast example for customizing android emulator : go to android sdk folder , . . . /platforms/android-9/images/ note system . img file , it will be modified ( you should back it up ) extract system . img using unyaffs customize files inside extracted folder pack new modified system using mkyaffs2image ( this tool is built when android source is built ) . replace old system . img with new customized system . img create emulator for android 2.3 , launch it and verify that your changes took effect . this mostly an overview of process , and customization of a real device is much trickier .
this is not the cleanest solution , but it is an option : if you set up your google voice number so sms messages are forwarded to your phone , every time somebody texts you , you will receive that text from a 406 area code phone number . if you send a message back to that number , it will reach your that person , and appear to them as if it came from your google voice number . so you can save the 406 number for each contact as a secondary phone number , and set it as the default number to use for sms . ( if you think the google voice app is cumbersome , you should try doing it from an iphone ; ) )
is the following settings enabled in settings -> account and sync : bakcground data , auto-sync ' sync gmail ' inside your email account
if your device is a popular device then chances are you will be having updates at least once a month . you can use goomanager app to update your custom rom goomanager app link . goomanager automatically checks your custom rom and search for updates . this app is a front-end for the android file hosting site , goo . im . it allows for downloads of roms , google apps packages , kernels , apps , and any other file available via the website . update notifcations are available for roms and google apps packages . please note that notifications are not via gcm ( push messages ) but run at start-up , and every 2-24 hours ( configurable in-app ) .
just so that i can play a little with gimp : here 's the photo with the light sensor marked .
it is hard to see it in normal light , you may need to take your phone under a very bright light to be able to see it ( e . g bulb light or straight sunlight ) . it looks like a darker and smaller front face camera . if gsmarena has said that it has light sensors , then in my experience , its near 100% correct . btw , if you can not bring light sensor to work , there is a free software called lux auto brightness which does the job very nice and has many options .
the sensor is like a small dot , usually located on the left of the htc logo , above your device 's screen . also the location of the proximity sensor is . fyi : htc one models s , x , v , evo 4g lte are very much alike in physical conception . this is covered at xda developers forum thread : where is the one x 's ambient light sensor ? by tiersten : left of the htc logo above the screen . it is also where the proximity sensor is . by jaaystott : if you call someone , take a look at the front of your phone . you will see a steady red glow from the top left of your screen , this is where the proximity and ambient light sensor are housed . additionally , there is this white paper : ambient light sensor ( als ) applications in portable electronics that shows their physical aspect :
yes , other apps can do that , but it is up to the app developer to implement notifications . this morning when i grabbed my phone i had two different new email notifications ( multiple accounts ) , a facebook message notification , an app update notification , a draw something nudge from my daughter , and a notification that i had new podcasts downloaded in doggcatcher .
you have not specified the android os version nor the gmail app version , but since the settings are pretty much straightforward , i will leave here an overview covering the basics for all available versions . summary three things might be happening : you are receiving notifications for each email that arrives ; you have the " notify once " active and are receiving notifications for the email that arrived , but also for a label you have setup to notify ; you are receiving notifications from the gmail app , and from another app where you have also configured the same account . below is a summary for the gmail app settings by version . try and adjust them to fit your needs . if you continue to experience the same issue , you are probably facing a bug and the best option is to report it . android 4.0 . x ( ice cream sandwich ) to change gmail settings , touch " menu " > " settings " from any gmail screen . under " account settings " , you will find : email notifications : when checked , you receive a notification when you have new email . ringtone : available when " email notifications " is selected . touch to change any of three settings : the ringtone and vibrate settings for notifications , and an option to notify only the first time you have new email since you last read your messages , rather than each time a new message arrives . official gmail app support page by google for this android version . android 3.0 . x ( honeycomb ) to change gmail settings , touch the menu button at the top-right of the application bar and touch settings . under " account settings " , you will find : email notifications when checked , you receive a notification when you have new email . notify once check to receive a notification from gmail only the first time you have new email since you last read your messages , rather than each time a new message arrives . official gmail app support page by google for this android version . android 2.3 . x ( gingerbread ) to access the gmail app 's account settings menu : open gmail . press menu . select more > settings > select account under " notification settings " , you will find : email notifications when checked , you will receive a notification when you have new email . labels to notify manage your notification preferences by label . you can only manage notification settings by label for labels that are synced . you can enable notifications for specific labels , each means additional notifications when emails arrive : when you enable sync for a particular label , you can also change your notification preferences so that you are notified when you receive new mail for that label . press menu and touch more > settings . select the gmail account whose settings you had like to modify . touch labels to notify . select a labels to change the notification preferences . you can modify the following settings : email notifications ringtone vibrate notify once only labels that have been set to sync will appear in the notifications menu . official gmail app support page by google for this android version .
you can ' cook up ' ( create ) your own keyboard thanks to an awsome android dev . ( that way you can have the apostrophe wherever you want :- ) see here : http://www.gimpsta.com/themer/ it has also had a blog review here : create-your-own-custom-keyboard-for-android-devices
thanks to t0mm13m 's comments : the keyword is nitz - that is where it comes from . certain roms fail to handle it , others do . if it fails , can always fallback on a ntp app like clocksync ( this requires root btw ) : )
as far as i know , there is no android device that can be put into a usb-mass-storage-thumbdrive-compliant mode ( to use the nontechnical term ) . the phone would need to have a special mode where it emulated a usb drive and handled reads/writes to the sd card and that sort of thing . i can not imagine any manufacturer modifying the hardware and writing the software necessary to support this when the expected return on investment would probably be 0 .
amon ra 's recovery ( here for dream/g1 , see that post for links to other supported phones ) allows mounting the sd card as usb mass storage . clockworkmod recovery may also allow this , but i am more familiar with amon ra 's patches . you could boot the phone into recovery , turn on usb-ms , and boot from your phone . note of caution : my dream ( g1 ) and magic ( mytouch 3g ) do not charge when booted into recovery . i do not know if i would recommend this for that reason alone .
yes , it is . when you first boot the device , it asks for your google account . just select the option " i do not have a google account " and then the option that says you do not want to create one . note that you can not use some google services like play store which require a google account .
what happens to existing files when flashing a new rom very much depends of the location in question : your sdcard ( internal or external ) is not touched at all , apart from the fact you are placing the update.zip for flashing there . your internal storage ( /data and /cache ) is neither touched by the flashing process itself . but when switching between different roms , it is recommended to wipe these two to avoid complications some other locations are usually wiped and rewritten . this includes for sure /system , and in most cases also /boot i know of no case where files are " hidden " . either the entire partition is not touched at all , or it is wiped . it might be that on some partitions files are simply overwritten , though i have never heard of such a case either .
i have used mortplayer and it supports chapters , multiple bookmarks and remembers your place . as far as chapters go , it depends on how the audio book is setup , most mp3 audio books save each chapter as a different track and that works just fine . also , it is free . while i have not tried it , it is my understanding that ambling book player pro is the cats meow of audio book players , although it costs $9 . i do not really listen to audio books much anymore ( too many podcasts to keep up with ) and i use beyondpod for my economist podcasts . it remembers the last place you were listening but it does not let you set bookmarks .
well , i would like to ask you one more thing , i do not think the files images and videos created inside the dicm folder at least i can not see it over my device and yes it is also gt-p3100 but running 4.2.2 . i would say if you are trying to recover things then why do not you try recovering your data using " recuva " i have tried using it a number of times to recover some of my images . so , it does seems okay try giving it a shot if you are luck is good enough then i am sure you can get at least some of your images back .
i would start with the latest clockworkmod recovery and then the latest build of cyanogenmod 7.1 .
my recommendation , and the rom i am running is phiremod i can definitely confirm it is gingerbread , based on cyanogenmod 7 and built specifically for the nook color .
whether you still can update to " official versions " via ota-update or otherwise , depends on multiple things . basically , the manufacturer might include a check whether the currently installed rom is valid -- in this case , an update will fail as you changed the /system partition during rooting . if no such check takes place , an update might succeed -- but you may have lost root access ( if the update replaced the /system partition ; tools like ota rootkeeper might prove helpful in those cases ) . for further details , please see e.g. how do i update the os on my device ? how do i upgrade my rooted nexus one using ota updates ? rooting and updating to official updates
if you need to unlock the bootloader first ( i could not find that in the instructions ; you might check the script for the term oem unlock , usually done via fastboot ) , this includes a factory-reset , which would mean " all clean up delete " , i.e. all data and your self-installed apps would be gone . otherwise , if no bootloader-unlock is involved , the rooting process itself would usually not delete anything .
auto-syncing subfolders means additional network traffic , and eats more of your battery -- which is why it is not generally to recommend . but if you insist , for selected folders it might be sometimes useful . what you need for this is an email app supporting the sync of subfolders . one such app is k-9 mail . speaking of " outlook subfolders": outlook is a client , not a server -- so it is hard to tell what you are using . aforementioned k-9 supports imap ( recommended ) , pop3 ( only if needed ) , and also exchange ( via webdav -- only for those who have no alternative , but that is my personal opinion ) . guess one of them should cover your demands .
in order to save apps ' data you have two options : if your phone is rooted , use the famous app titanium backup ; if your phone is not rooted , use helium with a windows pc .
easiest way is via whatsapp or any other social networking sites which can send video .
try this command instead : su rmmod ehci-hcd
what are you putting in for the package name that it does not like ? beginner mode vs non-beginner mode should not matter . package name has to have at least one . in it to be valid . usually you can just use your email backwards along with a unique name for the app . say your email is someone@gmail . com and you are trying to export an app you want to call myapp . the package name could be com . gmail . someone . myapp .
there are three ways:- if you have access to the phone ( or trust your friend to do it ) , just delete your google account from your friend 's phone . in the main settings app , under accounts , find google in the list and click on it . then click your account and click remove account . if you have switched your google account to use app-specific passwords , then you can simply revoke the gmail password you used to sign in on your friend 's phone . nothing else will be affected . if you can not wait for your friend , and you are not using app-specific passwords , then just log into your google account from a web browser and change your password . it will sign out on all the devices and you will get a prompt asking you to enter the new password . that said , there is something that does not quite add up . it is possible to be signed in and use gmail from more than one android device at a time . signing in on your friend 's phone should not make your phone stop working , so it could be a coincidence , which means that signing out on your friend 's phone will not fix anything .
for the next time to store more information on the cloud : calltrack can sync your caller lock to a google calendar that gets backed up . sms backup can back up your sms to a gmail label .
as long as you did not turn these features off , simply tying your google account to a new phone will restore : backed up installed apps wifi settings bluetooth settings purchased apps not backed up preferences settings texts application data to answer your second question : the nandroid restore should work on an identical phone . however , this will not work for a different phone unless you only copied data in the backup . any system data will cause problems on a non-identical device .
it sounds like you are up to fixing it yourself . here are techrepublic teardown links in case you need them . just make sure you have the proper tools ( and patience ) . good luck ! techrepublic teardown - main speaker assembly - front
the samsung captivate 's speaker can work its way loose , usually after the phone takes a hard knock ( like being dropped ) . in most cases you can fix it yourself by opening the back and pressing hard on the speaker with your thumb . you should probably power the phone off to do this .
a while back i read something that suggested this problem could be caused by a dodgy sd card . the suggested fix that seemed to work for me was to unmount the sd card and then power off . i have since bought a new sd card and the problem has gone away entirely .
my desire always did this , i have no idea what caused it , i always just ripped the battery out , it did not seem to do any harm . upgrading to froyo fixed the problem for me .
in theory no limit on recording . but as you say overheading is a big problem on summar days . i experience that camera did shutted down recording video because a software problem . when you recorded , everyframe have to processed by processor . and camera recording process is a stream between processor and camera chip . during this stream , if a bit of stream 's data changes , processor will handle an error in stream and will delete all recorded stream . this is a one scenario . scenario 's count can be increased . for example if processor heat up , and after heating up , on transistor level will one electricity jump 1001st transistor to 1002th transistor and this cause a processor error and this can be the limit of recording video . i hope i could explain .
this depends on how you have placed it . on some qi pads you can even hear the difference . . . try moving the phone around while it is charging . . . you can read this post i made about the heat wasted during charging based on the inductive permeance the qi pad " sees "
use either of these : busybox busybox pro ( paid ) note this comment in the description : please note i did not write busybox ! i wrote this installer and cross compiled busybox for android . please see the about menu option for more details or here : www.busybox.net if you are installing a custom rom , it might have busybox already ( but usually not pro ) .
i am a professional mobile application developer , and often use my own personal galaxy note 3 for test at the office , and i have never come across this issue . when i plug my note 3 into my mac pro , it appears connected as a media device , and it appears in the eclipse " device chooser " window . what you probably need , is the android file transfer software , which can be downloaded here . if that does not work , try looking for samsung drivers for osx , although i do not believe i ever installed any .
if you unlock your gsm smartphone , you can use it in the us without a data plan . i have a smartphone unlocked from at and t ( not android ) now on tmobile with data blocked , so even if a button gets hit accidentally , it will not go through . no extra charges . even if your company " detects " that you have a smartphone , they are not allowed to force you to buy a data plan unless you are getting a new phone from them .
yes . you will use it as a regular phone , but will be disconnected from the networks ( facebook , twitter , ims , sync , etc ) yes . you can access your calendar offline . and yes , you can sync when wi-fi is available . yes , you just disable data traffic .
while its physically possible to use a phone without a data plan i do not know a single carrier in the us that will allow a smart phone be activated on their network without a data plan . edit : just saw that you are not in the us so this may not apply to you .
the risk of really " bricking " a phone is not that high as it may seem , at least with more recent models , as there are multiple levels of safety-guards in place : if you break your regular system , there is a fallback possible to the recovery mode . if that is broken as well , there are things like fastboot in place . only if you break the lowest level , and e.g. flash an incompatible radio image ( the radio image is the layer bridging the hardware to a software layer , to simplify the explanation -- see also al 's comparision with the pc 's bios in his comment to your question : if the bios is broken , you no longer can start your computer ) , your device is really " bricked " . to understand the difference , you should also see what is different between installing your " desktop os " on a computer and flashing your android device : installing your desktop os works on a file level . that is , you boot from e.g. a dvd , and then copy files to your harddisk . on android , flashing a rom means to copy the entire file system at once . and you cannot boot a live system from dvd or the like -- especially when newer devices like the nexus 4 come without even a sdcard slot .
according to whatsapp 's faq , you may need to refresh the list . you also will still see the deleted contact if there are past chats you have had with that contact . how do i delete a contact ? the contacts that you see in whatsapp come from your address book . there is no way to directly edit the select contact screen . to delete a contact from the whatsapp contact list , you will need to delete the contact from your phone 's address book . in order to find the whatsapp contact in your phone 's address book : find the contact in the select contact page . tap on the contact . then tap on the name at the top . on the contact info page , go to [ menu button ] > [ view in address book ] . from there you can find the option to delete the contact from your address book . then , refresh your whatsapp contact list by opening whatsapp > [ compose button ] > [ menu button ] > [ refresh ] if you still see the contact , it is likely that you are seeing the conversation on your chats screen . simply tap and hold on the contact and then select [ delete chat ] to delete a chat .
i had a similar issue with the in call volume . i restarted my phone in safe mode , and it fixed the issue . to restart the phone is safe mode , hold the power button to turn off phone . hold the power off option for a few seconds and reboot to safe mode . the problem should be fixed once you delete any apps that crash in safe mode . restart the phone and the volume should be much louder .
you can tune volume level for lots of things in your device with es task manager . go to Power Optimizer > Other ( in the bottom right corner ) > Volume . here you can tune the volume level for incoming calls , notifications , medias ( music and video ) , alarm , volume during a call and system sounds .
call volume can be adjusted by using the volume rocker buttons only during a call . if not in a call , it adjusts ringer volume and if a media is played , it adjusts media volume . so , if you had mistakenly increased media or ringer volume then you might not have any effect on call volume . try making some calls and when it is dialing , press volume up to raise volume level . i am just saying all this because you said you are new ( though this is a common feature for other phones as well ) to android . if you had already done this and still you can not hear properly , i am afraid there are no further solutions to improve the volume . however , there are work around like using hands-free or headphones .
you can also use an app like volume control + to adjust different types of volumes : media , ring , notifications , in-call , alarm , system .
things to check include : you have configured a sound for your sms app the notification volume is reasonable ( in line with the ringer volume is probably good ) you do not have either silent or vibrate silent mode selected you have enabled notifications in your sms app
the best option ( albeit a rather pricey one ) appears to be the icontrolpad . it was originally designed for use with an iphone but now uses bluetooth to communicate with all bluetooth-enabled devices . it sounds like developers plan on supporting it , but i am not sure how well it will work with current games . edit : i recently became aware of another bluetooth gamepad that caters specifically to smartphones . it is called the bluetooth game gripper . there is an andoinica article about it here , and the kickstarter project is here . however , it does not appear that the maker has garnered enough vc to get the project off the ground , so i am not sure of the current status .
open the photos app on android . the three dots in the upper right corner -> settigs auto backup -> under the third section backup settings choose back up all make sure that your connection settings permit you the backup - you must be using a wifi connection if under back up photos you have chosen wifi only and you must be charging if you have put at tick next to while charging only . the same procedure could be done through the google+ app instead of the photos app .
go to Settings/Accounts &amp; Sync/Google/ ( choose google account if necessary ) / google plus photos is probably already checked . un-check it and re-check it . this will force it to re-sync immediately . someone should develop a button to do all this automatically . i edit all my photos in google plus before posting on etsy.com. i force the sync so i can work continuously . htc one s running android 4.1.1
from the google+ app , select Settings -&gt; Instant Upload and press the Upload all item , it will just upload any photos that have not already been uploaded . as noted in the comments , you can also share individual photos in your album via google+ .
in the gmail app , there is a search icon ( magnifying glass ) that appears in the top right corner when you are within a mailbox . if you are using the stock , general email app ( with the yellow "@" icon ) then i am afraid there is no search function supported .
only the paid apps you have purchased will be listed under the " not installed " category indefinitely . i believe it takes a few hours ( or sometimes days ) for the market app to sync with google servers to refresh the list of installed apps .
try juice defender . it has a data toggle widget .
depending on the version of cyanogenmod rom you have currently installed , this can be easy or impossible . if you already have cm7 , and simply want to try out the nightly builds , rom manager and rom manager premium unlock automate the entire process . with a single button tap , it can download the latest version of the rom , reboot to recovery , take a backup of the current system , flash the new version , and reboot back . if you are on an older version of cm ( 4/5/6 ) this cannot be done in one click , because of the drastic differences between the roms . a full wipe of the device will be required , which means all of your settings and downloaded apps will be deleted , and will need to be re-installed manually ( or in batch via titanium backup or appbrain . )
yes tasker is the key but i prefer llama because its free and its awesome . actually its location based profile app but it can be used for your condition . there is a condition called " time between " , add that condition and choose " kill application " for its action . add your desired time and application
not free , but you probably can use tasker to do this . i use pocket casts to listen to podcasts , and have a tasker profile set up : 3 contexts : shake left-right ; app pocket cast running ; not docked car 2 tasks : notify ( turn led on , title " sleep" ) ; wait 12 minutes , then pause simulate media button , then notify cancel title " sleep " net effect is that i can shake the phone left then right , and pocket cast will behave as if the pause button on a headset were pushed 12 minutes later . i used the notification led so i could tell whether sleep had been activated when the screen is off . i am guessing pandora would observe the headphone pause function ; if it does , this profile should work for you .
are you downloading any games ? some of the more complex games could weigh hundreds of megabytes , and they download additional resource data when they are first run .
my verizon data widget was telling me numbers i could not believe . i went through a gigabyte over night and was at 3 gigabytes for the month most in the last 10 day of the cycle . i found the my data manager app in the market and that told me which app was causing the problem . the app breaks down data by wireless and wifi and shows you how much data each app used . i love this app .
all sorts of background processes and applications will use cell data bandwidth . if you have installed some new apps recently , which given your phone is only a week old seems likely , check to see if some of them are doing anything in the background . if you list your apps , perhaps we could shed some light on which ones might be data hogs .
i have run into this with some apps that break the link to the icon after an update . i have had to remove the icon and re-add it to get it to work again . i doubt that is any help to you but you could suggest they do that until you fix your code .
sounds like you may have changed the default launcher in your android manifest . check which activity has your ' launcher intent ' and if you have changed this . it will only occur on some phones . a fix is a total uninstall and reinstall .
i just found an app from the same developer that does what i wanted for buildings smart measure
if you have access to your router , you can clone its wireless mac address . i did it on mine with dd-wrt , and now i get the correct location . all i needed to do was to change part of the mac address . two things that can go wrong , though : 1 . your router may not enable you to do it ( and you may be unable to install dd-wrt on it ) 2 . the wi-fi network that is causing the wrong location is not from your router . other than that , its a quick fix .
tl ; dr version : just use the gps . long version : turn on wifi positioning ( "location and security > use wireless network" ) , turn on gps ( "location and security > use wireless network" ) , use google maps ( or other gps applications ) , then walk/drive around your city . when you turn on both of these services , before the gps acquires a " fix " , android will send the wifi 's mac/ssid and cell tower base stations cid/lac around you to google 's server and google 's server will send back your location information ; after the gps acquires a " fix " , your device will send the wifi mac/ssid , cell tower cid/lac , and your gps location to google 's server and google 's server will collect this information to refine their own wifi database . note : i believe the device could also be sending other data , like signal strength and possibly ping latency ; but i am not sure about the specifics of these . also from google 's support forum : by christopher ( google employee ) if your location is being incorrectly detected by a google maps or latitude using google 's cell id ( cell tower ) or wifi ( wireless network ) location database , you can help provide updated info to correct google 's database using google maps for mobile . at this time , you cannot provide individual updates to google 's location databases , though they are being updated and improved constantly over time . open google maps on an android 2.0+ , windows mobile , or symbian s60 phone and enable gps . while maps is simultaneously connected to a gps satellite and a cell tower or wifi router , you will be providing updated anonymous geographic data for the cell tower or wifi router to which you are connected . please note that this data is anonymous and may require a significant amount of data from you and other users before changes are made to google 's location database . android : you must enable settings > location and security > use wireless networks and have previously given consent for anonymous location data collection . you can check if you have given consent by un-checking and re-checking the ' use wireless networks ' setting .
why do not you just update the sid of your wifi ap ? i believe location will then be free from previous data .
apart from lie ryan 's great answer above , i think this wireless location bug form is quite suitable for correcting mislocated hotspots and as a result for submitting new ones . has anyone tried this ? : ) please use this form if a google product reported a very incorrect location ( e . g . wrong city , state , or country ) while your device was connected to a wifi or wireless network and using google 's wifi location database . you will need to use a computer on the same wireless network you were connected to when your location was incorrectly reported to submit this form . note : submitting this information may not immediately correct your specific router or access point 's location in google 's wifi location database but will be used to improve the overall quality of google 's products and services , including the wifi location database .
depending on the app you use , it may be in a different folder . i know when i am looking for a file ( photo or download ) , i have to check my internal partition " download " folder , my external ( sd card ) " download " folder , or sometimes even on the root of either partition . if you used a standard browser ( stock browser , opera , firefox , chrome , etc ) , they all should have their own in-app download manager that lists the files you have downloaded . you should be able to open the file within the browser app ; if you can not , then you know the file is not downloaded .
there are several things to check out . walk the list until your problem is resolved -- then skip all following : make sure the sim was inserted correctly ( it easily happens to insert it the wrong way round ) does the same sim work in other phones ? yes : sim should be ok , phone probably " borked " no : sim " borked " . ask your provider for a replacement ( done . ) do other sims which work in other phones work in yours ? yes : very strange . check with your provider to send you a replacement sim : it is rare , but sometimes there can be incompatibilities ( especially with older sims and newer phones ) . no : pretty sure your phone is broken . hand it in to service . some indicators to watch during the process , as they might prove helpful to service ( and for combinations not covered above ) : do you see a signal in the status bar ? are there any sim errors displayed ? these two are pointing to an answer whether a sim was detected at all . the phone should display a special symbol in the notification error if no sim is found , and usually asks the user to insert one .
search " android device id " app in the google play market . download and install the most popular one . it'll show you several things including your phone 's imei no .
use framaroot to unroot it you can install the apk and run , it will show option to root it or unroot it and you can check the unroot your phone will be back to normal as you got it from factory
download supersu from play store and try again . or re root your device using original method .
i do not know how to get it by the adb command . but you can get it programmably with the sdk . there is a class build which have many information of the current running phone , such as you wanted model number can be got by the build . model .
" starred in android " is a special group . you do not add a person to the group through the groups interface , but by tapping the little star on the contact profile on your phone . that sorts them to the top of the " favorites " list . there is no concept of a starred contact on the web app side , so i guess they decided to create this special group . ( in fact , from what i recall , this group will not be created until you actually " star " a contact . ) so , do not scroll to the bottom of your contact to try to add them to the " starred in android " group . scroll to the top and tap the star .
very unlikely . that is the mediascanner 's responsibility . for faster access it scans all directories on given events ( e . g . sdcard mounted , boot_completed ) and stores the results in a database , where most players pick it up from . so you can either use a tool like e.g. sdrescan to trigger the mediaplayer ' s scan whenever you have manipulated files -- or find yourself a music player that does not use android 's media database but rather works e.g. folder based .
with most ota updates someone inevitably pulls the raw . zip file off some server and posts it online for others to use before they get the official ota notice on their phones . if your phone is currently on build number grh78 then download this . zip file . if your phone is currently on grh78c then download this . zip file . rename it update.zip and place it in the root folder of your sdcard . shut your phone off . hold down the volume up and power buttons at the same time to access the bootloader . use the volume keys to navigate to recovery . press the power button to select it . you should see a triangle with an exclamation point in it . hold down the power button and tap the volume up button to access the recovery menu . use the volume keys to navigate to apply update from /sdcard , select it with the power button , choose update.zip and press the power button to start the update . when the update is complete , reboot your phone . ( these instructions were taken mostly from http://www.intomobile.com/2011/02/24/how-to-manually-update-your-nexus-s-to-android-2-3-3/ except for the download links . i do not own a nexus s and have not tested this personally . if these instructions look incorrect to you [ or anyone else ! ] do not use them . if at any step during the update process the instructions do not line up with what you see , you should stop proceeding and use menu options to back as far out as you can from the menus . i am not responsible for anything that happens to your phone , good or bad . )
for your first question : you can turn on both options ( use wireless networks and use gps satellites ) and leave them on without any fear of battery usage or penalty . this just tells the system that it is permitted to use those when a program asks for them . then they will automatically activate and begin working when you use a program that requires them . for your second question : the gps chip on board is what talks to the satellites and actually gathers the data . the different gps programs simply use that data and present it to you in different ways .
the gps applications will not work accurately unless you enable the on board gps so all you have to do is simply check " use gps satellites " .
did your phone come with some apps pre-installed on it ? that can sometimes cause issues with the update process . pre-installed apps are often placed in the system directory and the market might not properly update them . if you can , see if the apps that are listed as updatable are pre-installed . another potential issue is a mismatched signing key . it is more common if you install development versions of apps , but an app that is signed with a key that does not match the market version cannot be updated .
this could potentially be caused by having an app that has been restricted since you downloaded it . if it is no longer available for your device / network / location then it will not show up in the market , but it is possible that the market still checks to see if a newer version is available . i believe i had this issue back with the v2 . x market , but not since i uninstalled the app in question .
i have noticed that having multiple android devices can trigger my update notifications . i , of course , use the same account for both devices but when updates are available on one , they are not aways available on both . i will typically get a notification on both devices .
this is a little bug with something in the marketplace . the way i have fixed it is by uninstalling the updates for the market . just go to settings - applications - manage applications - go to market and select uninstall updates . launch the market , it will be a much older version . give your phone about 30 minutes and the market will update to the newest version and you will no longer have the update notification issue .
you could try clearing the cache/data for the market app . settings-> applications-> market , select the market app , then click the " clear data " button . ( you may need to force stop the market app first )
if you have multiple google accounts setup , click menu , then accounts , to make sure the proper account is selected . then click menu , then my apps .
the latest version of the market will automatically update apps that you have allowed to auto-update . the checkmark notification will disappear from the notification area immediately after the update . those apps that are not allowed to auto-update will be unupdated so when you go to the market those will be left unupdated .
copy and paste from contacts app to messaging app should just work without any problem , i have used it a few times before to copy lines from addresses , emails and that sort of thing into an sms . are you sure you long-pressed long enough in the sms message to get the input menu up with the Paste option on it ? or that you copied it properly in the first place ? copying data from a contact is most easily done by Editing the contact , then long-pressing on the field you are interested until the input menu comes up with the Copy All option .
on my htc evo i can open contacts , then long click on the contact i want , and then choose " send contact as vcard " . this opens another menu that allows me to choose what portions of the contact to send along and how to send , via text , email , bluetooth . also you can try the app " shacts " which allows you to create qr codes of contacts very easily and then share them or scan them right from the screen . [ update ] another app to try for older android releases is qr contact 1.6 .
yes this is possible . power adapter can be plugged into tablet or dock . it is possible to charge the tablet from the dock while the dock is being charged , remove the tablet , use tablet , return to dock for charging . hope this helps pete
broke out the packet sniffer and determined that broadcast arp request from android devices where being dropped in the access point . turned out to be a bug with my buffalo 300n wireless access point . cheep new ap and problem gone . . . apparently some aps just do not talk to android ? solved by using the principal of " replace the cheapest things first "
from my experience i would guess you have bought a device imported by a private store rather from a local carrier , the people where you bought it should have replaced the stock rom into a hebrew supporting one after opening the package . i had the same thing done to my device after purchase and it will not void your warranty in any way . either ask them to do so or just root your device and flash a hebrew rom from the web ( may void warranty ) .
the just-announced android 2.3 has a much-improved keyboard . the nexus one will almost certainly get gingerbread , and sooner than most . however , you can get the gingerbread keyboard on your phone now . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.moo.android.inputmethod.latin.free
i recommend thickbuttons keyboard which i have been using for years . free tool , and it uses predictive text algorithm to enlarge the most-probable keys for the next character . really good for my fat fingers and thumbs .
there are a ton of keyboard apps out there -- check out the market for both free and paid . i hate tapping and tapping , and there are at least two slide-the-finger virtual keyboards available : swype is my favorite -- but that is only been out in a limited beta for android , so far . maybe again . . . . shapewriter is a good substitute . . . but that is off the market due to a post-merger company re-org ( kids , this is why flos is a good idea ) . hit up google , and you will find a few people that have the . apk available , though . here 's one ( as of sept 2 , 2010 ) . jetkeys is one of the weirdest that i have seen . not a glider -- touch in the center of key , then slide in a direction to select alternate characters . great idea , weird to use . i have some more notes in a blog post .
there should be some stuff on xda developers ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=560 ) just do some searching at that link . i have seen droid keyboards floating around and i bet someone has one ported for the nexus . i would also check out swype ( have to go to their website to get it http://www.swypeinc.com/ ) and swiftkey beta ( can be downloaded from marketplace . both of these are the best keyboards i have used because they both allow quick typing and are not overly annoying with suggestions .
you can try slideit from the android market : - https://market.android.com/details?id=com.dasur.slideit.vt.litefeature=search_result its much better than swype in my experience !
try this : setting > data usage > ( data usage action bar menu ) > uncheck ' restrict background data ' hoped it helps .
are you talking about this ? source .
instead of mount -o rw,remount /dev/block/mmcblk0p25 /system  try mount -o rw,remount /system 
here is my understanding as a developer : android 1.5-2.1: right-to-left support is built-in , but most roms do not contain the letters . this means that hebrew in most applications will show up as boxes ( but in the correct order ) . this does allow individual applications to include their own fonts and thereby display hebrew correctly . android 2.2: the default system fonts now include hebrew characters . right-to-left layout still works . ( although the rules for justification did change , annoyingly . ) based on some bug reports , google did not yet consider support for right-to-left languages to be final in this version . ( note the comments by google engineers , such as romain guy here : https://review.source.android.com/#change,15955 ) . android 2.3: the sdk has been released , but no updates for actual devices . the sdk does include a hebrew locale for the first time (http://developer.android.com/sdk/android-2.3.html#locs). also note that locale support ultimately depends on the vendor of the actual device ( either the carrier or handset manufacturer ) . they may choose to remove locales they deem unimportant to save space , or they may choose to add some that they deem important for their targeted market .
froyo/android 2.2 added support for displaying text in hebrew and arabic ( among other languages ) , including the needed fonts . unfortunately , previous versions do not have hebrew support in the stock source , though i would not be surprised if a device maker added support to their device on an ad-hoc basis .
for audio streams xiialive lite is perfect .
as webs said , there are any number of decent android audio players out there . the one i use is mixzing -- however , streaming support is not yet supported , and still listed as " and even better to come . . . "
any htc android phone should have two music players by default , android 's and the one made by htc . both should be able to do what you want . if you do not like them there are at least 4 or 5 others you can download from the marketplace that should have the features that you like . a few popular ones are mixzing and meridian .
yes ! it is winamp for android : ) see winamp for android for qrcode
take a look : chrome devtools for mobile : emulate and screencast
you can use automated testing over a wide range of devices . . . using http://mite.keynote.com/ refer this it may help u . . . http://mite.keynote.com/how-it-works/index.php
there is not any workaround to allow ms office to be installed on an android os . i would suggest trying google docs instead . you get the same functionality such as a word processor and spreadsheet software just like in ms office and you can save them as ms office file types as well . you can create and edit documents and spreadsheets from your mobile chrome browser or the google drive app . the desktop version of chrome will let you edit and create documents , spreadsheets , presentation , drawing and more . hopefully , this will meet your needs . if not , there are plenty of alternatives in the play store that will give you ms office-like functionality . some of them are pretty good and all of them are super cheap when compared to the cost of ms office .
this can e.g. be realized using tasker ( in fact , i am even using it that way for " prolonged screen timeout " with reading apps ) : condition : app ( opens a popup to select one ore multiple apps , chose the ones you want to act upon ) task : keyguard ( disable ) display -> timeout ( optionally increase display timeout ) the tasks would be executed as soon as one of the selected apps is running in foreground , and reverted to what it was before as soon as the condition no longer is met . note : i know that tasker does not come cheap ( ~5 bucks ) , but it is worth every cent . to " try before buy " , visit its homepage , where you can download a 7-day-trial .
fastboot is a binary and protocol used to communicate with android devices in the early boot stage . it allows to change of the boot target and therefore is often used to install custom boot-loader ( twrp , clockworkmod , etc . ) and roms . the binary often comes with the android sdk , for example on my linux system it is installed at /opt/android-sdk-update-manager/platform-tools/fastboot . there are also build instructions for fastboot on the official android page .
open the script up using an app , such as root explorer , and add the line su to the beginning , and try again .
try running su from the terminal first , then run ubuntu.sh again .
you could use the cheapcast to act as a player and control it from a desktop or another mobile device . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=at.maui.cheapcast
cyanogenmod 6 does this feature because it is native to android 2.2 . see this cyanogenmod issue report for more details .
you need to go into input properties and choose the languages you want . if you do not find the desired language then you must root your phone and use an app like language enabler from google play .
you can try external keyboard helper , which is designed for bluetooth/usb keyboards but i believe it should work for the chat 's physical keyboard !
you can try a 3rd-party keyboard like go sms pro . it will allow you to use different keyboard layouts , including russian . i think it has czech ( but probably not written in english ) .
i had a similar issue as i was learning spanish . i was finding it almost impossible to key in the spanish words using english text , one by one character . to get round this , i enabled two languages and therefore my phone now recognises both spanish and english words and therefore i have no problems when switching from contacting colleagues to learning languages . to do this , go onto ' settings ' , then ' language and input ' . then scroll down to the option titled ' samsung keyboard ' and click the setting cog next to it . you should then see an option called ' input languages ' and from there , you should see a list of all the available languages on your phone . simply check all the tickboxes of any languages you would like to use and then those languages will be enabled and you will be able to type with them throughout any app on your phone . hope this helps and answers your question .
aww you cant just make your physical keyboard to enter different language , you can try this : -use on screen keyboard -download google input for your desired language -and change input method by long clicking any textfield
i believe it means the battery is overheating .
i think is because it is advising that the micro usb is connected to charge the battery , but the battery is not charging , temperature or other reason
the only way i could fix this on my htc one v was to perform a factory reset .
from what i recall , that report does not show anything that has used less than 1% . considering how much of it is screen usage , i will bet that that is the issue .
copying a working su binary does not make the device rooted ! the method of rooting depends on supporting files , for instance : a shell script a binary that exploits possibly , another script to copy over the superuser app . . . also , it is entirely dependent on whether your handset can be rooted or not depending on kernel , android version , manufacture/make of handset . with jellybean 4.3 , it is now much harder to exploit and security has been clamped down more , this caused headaches for the creator of chainfire 's superuser app in order to work around the extra security put in place by default . it will be a matter of time now , when trying to exploit and gain root will become harder !
there are 2 versions of galaxy tab2 7 - wifi only and wifi+3g . 3g version just has a slot to insert your sim card ( near sd slot ) and turns your tablet into really big smartphone : ) i have also read , that 3g version is available only in europe .
http://plugable.com/2012/12/01/windows-8-and-intel-usb-3-0-host-controllers updating 3.0 drivers from microsoft to intel makes htc devices connect through adb and fastboot !
make sure cable is connected properly . try other usb port . close all programs running that is related to adb . go to developer options and tick on usb debugging . delete htc android drivers in device manager and reinsert you cable : ) then restart .
as it turns out , the issue was that my phone was no longer being recognised as a composite usb device by windows , meaning only one of adb , mtp or htc sync was capable of running at a given time . after the update , mtp was always recognised first . this explains both the 4.3 issue of mtp and adb conflicting , and the 4.4 issue of no adb . the solution was provided by htc 's support website : step 7 . if you could see your phone as the portable device on your pc , but there is still no " android usb device " in " device manager " , please try to manually update the driver for your phone . expand " portable devices " in " device manager " right click on your phone 's name or " mtp usb device " update driver software select “browse my computer for driver software” tap “let me pick from a list of device drivers on my computer” don’t check “show the compatible hardware” select standard usb main controller select usb composite device in the right hand side list as the screen shot below and then click next after you click next , if there is warning message window pop up , please choose yes .
try uninstalling the previous drivers and after that connect your device to the pc and let the system detect your device drivers and download it .
maybe shadowsocks ? there are different os client/servers , even for routers . http://www.shadowsocks.org/
have you tried connecting it to a computer ? have you tried pressing and holding the power button for a couple of seconds [ say , 10 ] ?
you need to include the port number . adb -s 192.168.60.69:5555 shell  if you are using a sensible shell with configurable tab-completion ( i.e. . not windows ) , then you can type adb -s tab to get a list of devices .
ahh , soft keys . when the power button is pressed , the hardware raises an interrupt which is handled by an os-provided interrupt handler . part of the interrupt handling process included waking the processor from sleep . the software will then turn on the screen ( if it was asleep ) , display a shutdown menu , or some other function depending on the os version and any customizations added by the device manufacturer or third-party software installed by the user . the power button also starts a counter in hardware . if the counter reaches a threshold without the power button being released , then the power circuit is invoked to turn off the device . this is done purely in hardware circuitry , independent of the os or even firmware executed by the main processor . that is why it still works when the system is locked up ( or perhaps overclocked and so unstable that the processor can not execute any code at all ) .
if you enter the dialpad to call , you should see a microphone icon that you can click to voice dial . you can also add a voice dial icon to your home screen . as for needing a data connection , it is not the processing that is the issue - it is the amount of data that would need to be stored on your phone in order to do that processing that is the problem .
last time i checked hands-free voice dialing is not possible with android . http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=9817 put simply , android is not car-friendly telephone . in fact , android phones may be banned from use while driving in some states , as android does not support hands-free operation . perhaps , nothing wrong with that if we consider it as just a small internet tablet and not demand full telephony capabilities from it .
" voice control without internet by k and j software " app seems like all you will need . description from the play store:- unlike most voice applications on the the market which require internet connection , this application installs a light-weight speech recognizer on your phone , so it can run locally without internet connection . you can make your own speech commands to start an app , call a friend or browse a website . speech commands can be defined by phonetic alphabets , so it literally supports any language . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.knjsoftware.voicecommanderhl=en i have not tried it out yet , but it looks promising and has decent ratings . not sure how well it performs . . it also seems you can set the " voice dialing feature " through this app . hope it works out well ! : ) note : free version has a few limitations .
as long as pictures/videos are involved , you might want to take a look at monte gallery . this app offers you a.o. the feature to add descriptions and tags to pictures , and then lets you browse them by tags . it also offers browsing by location , and ( as you can see by the screenshots on its market page ) , a nice " calendar view " , grouping pictures by " date taken " . only thing missing is to combine those using a search mask , like " show me all pictures tagged foobar taken between [ dates ] on [ location ] " : )
this is a play store issue . it has been acknowledged by google and they are looking at it . there is no fix or workaround at the moment .
this error has been noticed recently . the other day , i was trying to update the Samsung Push app , but it kept on failing . so , i just kept trying to update it , despite the frustrations . eventually , it updated successfully . maybe it is just a google play issue . update 2013-08-13: from al 's comments , google has officially recognized this issue , as is in fact listed in google support . we’ve received reports that some users are getting " package file invalid " while trying to download or update apps . we’re currently investigating a permanent solution , and there are no workarounds at this time . we’ll continue to update this page with developments , so check back soon . edit #1: oops , looks like my update has been mentioned in bmdixon 's answer already . update 2013-08-15: as of this time , google has already fixed the issue . source .
instead of having no ringtone assigned to it , get a short silent ringtone ( such as the ones found here and use that to set a silent ring .
you could start off by checking if this is a problem with the messaging app itself . install an alternative sms app ( i use go sms pro myself ) . if all 's fine with the alternative app , and you do not mind using it ( they are much more powerful anyway ) , problem solved . otherwise , you could try out what patchie is suggesting .
i would re install android to the newest version . either do it yourself , or go to a phone shop and pay 10$ or so for them to reinstall your phone . if this solves your problem , it was a cheap fix . if it did not work , you can go back to the phone shop where you bought the phone and make them fix it in guarantee . if you want to try to download and install an awesome rom for your phone , you should read this : http://www.cyanogenmod.com/devices/samsung-galaxy-s2
it turns out that the solution to this is rather easy , but scarcely documented . to switch between forward-is-up and north-is-up , simply tap the red/white compass needle in the upper left hand corner of the screen .
i am afraid there is not as calls are not recorded by default or even stored temporarily . sorry this did not add any more information than izzy offered in the comment just thought it should be put as the answer . if you are in a similar situation in the future or need to record a call there are plenty of apps available that will let you do that .
as far as i know , the default ssh port is 22 on ubuntu , just as " lie ryan " pointed out . you might want to check your sshd_config files on your pc , if you want to take a look at this article , it specifies on how to change the default ssh configuration on ubuntu--as well as the official documentation . beyond that , check your current firewall settings , you might be able to open that specific port temporarily to ssh-type service if you want to confirm that it is not something else . aside from that , it seems to me that this question was asked more than 6 months ago ; if the op has not figured it out by now , i doubt he will be interested to pursue it further . i suggest either accept an answer , provide update on the situation since , or perhaps close the question . edit : depending on your android ssh-server app , and whether or not you are running it with su privileges , this is from the " quicksshd " website : non-root users are limited to ports &lt ; 1024 and the quicksshd application user , which can read and write to the sd card .
the default ssh port is 22 not 2222 , perhaps that is the root cause of the issue ? try connecting on port 22 .
endless hours were spent trying to connect my motorola razr to my computer . this finally worked : go to google playstore on the phone . download motorola pim ( all upper case ) . if you have an extended battery case/charger on the phone , remove the phone and insert the usb cable into the port on the top of the phone . or download “airdroid” and connect wirelessly . hope this helps someone !
in my experience the udev rules are only required for fastboot and this should not be related to charging .
i am guessing the power output from the port is low , although i would think the hard drive would not work either . you could try connecting your phone to a powered usb hub , and connected the hub to the computer . or if you have a desktop , it could be a power supply problem , in which case you could try one with a higher wattage .
i finnaly found it and i hope it helps : unless you already did so , go to settings&rarr ; language and input , tap the setting icon on samsung keyboard , go to advanced , and uncheck vibration and sound -- depending on which one you want ! this works for the jellybean update ok 4.1.2 . hope i helped !
in some versions of jelly bean the setting for activating haptic feedback is hidden . but there are a couple apps that can be used to enable it : quick settings , a plugin for all-in-one toolbox spare parts ( source )
System Sounds &gt; vibrate on touch .
i would probably just flash it with a stock rom , also you should always backup any device before you screw with the operating system ( this goes for computers and phones ! ) make sure that the rom you flash your phone with matches the phone exactly . if you get a rom that is for your phone , but for a different carrier , it will brick your phone and you will be out of luck . good luck !
if the bootloader is really unlocked , you should install a custom rom . personally , i like the explos ! on rom , which can be found here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2000636 unfortunately , htc has not released a ruu for this phone , so it will be impossible to flash the original rom .
features appbrain has that the market site does not : ability to save lists and keep them private or share them appbrain reviews on top of market reviews more sharing options more filtering options for browsing lists of popular apps app recommendations based on what you have installed shows the total amount you have spent on paid apps features the market site has that appbrain does not : two added categories : widgets and live wallpapers ability to install to device from websites without having to have an addon app that you have to periodically reauthorize like appbrain easily choose which device to install to if you have multiple devices ability to buy apps from the site shows videos that the developers have added to their market page these are all obviously subject to change .
mathijs vogelzang , developer of appbrain.com, answers ( well tries to ) this question in this article .
in the handset applications , appbrain does everything that the android market app does , and adds filtering options such as price , popularity , etc . that the android market app does not ( at this time ) . appbrain also offers the ability to follow others and share app lists .
there is nothing wrong with your phone , the photo upload feature for facebook just does not work well . i also have a moto droid v1 running the stock 2.2.2 version of android . over the air uploads are terribly unreliable . the app often crashes , hangs at 0% , hangs at 100% , and very rarely , completes the upload . on a wifi connection the uploads are slightly more reliable , but still prone to error . i suspect that the app is expecting to be able to do a complete upload at once over a single connection . when working over the air , your phone might drop out long enough to drop the network session . the app is not handling that well .
the easiest solution is probably to use a third party messaging app such as handcent or go sms pro . changing the default app itself probably needs rooting and some difficult mangling . please bear in mind that i have not tested these apps , and cannot say if they work well or not .
the google voice app it self only lets you choose three things : all calls with regular number , all calls with gv number , or you can choose at a call-by-call basis . i do the call-by-call basis to get sort of what you want . i do not think there is any way to automatically have it choose one way or another per contact level .
you can do this with voice plus
i just found voice choice which claims to do what i want but i have not tried it yet because its a big purchasing decision at $3 . i will have to discuss with the family and check with my financial advisor . i will report back if it actually does the job ( or not ) .
although it does not address the real request , the widget available with the latest version of google voice makes it easier to switch modes as you can step through 4 modes ( do not use for calls/international calls only/ask for every call/use for all calls ) from your home screen . the widget is fast , so i think once you learn the sequence , you had be able to rapidly select the mode you want for a call before opening the phone app . i only wish you could select which of the 4 icons in the widget you want displayed so it could use less than 3x1 spots on the home screen .
i still have not tried voice choice , but i just downloaded this free app : voice plus this looks perfect . from the description : allows you to set rules for which number dialed will use your google voice number . specify rules based on area code or by contacts ( using contact groups ) . no more annoyance of having to press another button when dialing to choose where to call from !
no , you can not work around it unless you make changes to the android sources and compile a custom rom . the installer service is a core part of the system and cannot be replaced or overridden like other apps can . this is by design . it will only ask you again if one of the apps that was updated is one that has other apps that can perform the same task . the same thing happens if you install a new application that can perform the task of another app . this is because updating an application is actually just like installing a " new " application . there is no difference in what happens when you install a new application on your device or if you update an existing application . so if there was a way to have it " always remember " this option , then when you installed a completely new application that you want to use , you would never get presented with the option to use it . lets use the launcher as an example . you use go launcher for a long time and you have it set as the default . then you decide you want to use the new foo launcher , so you install it . now when you go to the launcher you are asked what launcher you want to use . if you set it to " always remember " , you would not be presented with the option and you ( or maybe other users ) would consider this a poor experience because now they have to figure out how to change the launcher to the one they just installed .
you might wish to take a look at apps like network signal info and rf signal tracker , which allow you not only to monitor signal quality , but also show you which cells you are connected to , plus what kind of connection you had ( 3g/h+/ . . . ) . you can follow that on-screen ( to find the currently best place ) , and also log it ( if you notice " drops " , that might be helpful when discussing things with your provider ) . network signal info and rf signal tracker ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants )
so to sum up the bit of confusion that is in cm 10.1 now - there are actually two sets of notification bar toggles . one works like the old set from previous cm versions , and it appears in one row above your notifications when you pull down the bar . these are the " power widget " toggles . the second set was a feature added upstream in jelly bean , and is referred to as the " quick settings panel " . these are laid out as multi-row tiles - which it sounds like you are describing - and you can switch to this view by tapping the top right icon on your notifications shade ( after pulling it down ) : you cannot , to my knowledge , get rid of the quick settings panel completely , as it is baked in to android . however , you can prevent it from appearing of its own accord by going into Settings &gt; System &gt; Quick Settings panel &gt; Quick pulldown  and selecting the " off " option . the other options are " right " and " left " , with the idea being that you can basically divide the notification pulldown into two swipe areas if you like . for instance , by choosing " right " , you can access your notifications by pulling down from the left side of the bar , and access the quick settings panel by pulling down from the right side of the bar . if you choose " off " then the only way to get to the quick settings panel should be if you pull down your notifications and then tap the icon in the top right . effectively , this disables the quick settings panel from ever appearing unless you explicitly choose to see it .
my understanding is that its operator defined per all the discussion i have seen around this , and does seem to be correct when i consider that on tmobile in the uk i can send a picture file around 258kb - with 640*480 dimension jpeg without any issue - which is plenty big enough for phones . i have checked to see if its working on a standard algorithm by using a much smaller picture file and size , however it still created a mms around 200kb ( around half the file size of the original picture ) , suggestion the algorithm is dynamic when it compresses the photo . further suggesting it really is operator defined .
go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; Music player -&gt; Clear defaults . this will clear the association between the music player and mp3 files . now , if you open an mp3 file , it will ask you what app do you want to use to open it , and you have the option of setting a new default app . ps : this works with any application you have installed
the only way is likely going to where you went today . it will be very diificult to find it without network connection . lookout plan b would have helped you if your device had got something to manage sms but it is a tablet .
well , after tearing my hair out and feeling my hair became lighter , i gave up . but then , the wifi of the laptop became even flakier : it can no longer connect to the office wifi . so , i did some drastic measures : uninstall all thinkpad utilities that manage the wifi uninstall the wifi drivers reboot reinstall just the wifi drivers afterwards , i can connect to the office wifi . . . and hostednetwork works ! go figure :-/
you cannot change the font on some books if it is using an older format . because those books are older topaz format instead of newer azw format . you can not change the font type with the topaz format , although you can still change the font size . if you look at the content of kindle with your computer , you will notice that the books with the older topaz format has . tpz extension while the newer azw format has . azw extension .
i also recommend going to the account security activity : https://security.google.com/settings/security/activity it will show you when and where your account is used . for example : if you boyfriend is loggued on some other device
if android device manager was enabled , and you hate your ex , you can lock and/or erase that phone . refer to the official guide for more details . lock . lock your device with a new password . erase . permanently delete all of your data . of course , as others suggested , changing your password is sufficient .
go to : https://accounts.google.com/b/0/editpasswd and change your password , then go to : https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions and revoke access to everything .
change your password . that will log out everywhere else and prevent people installing apps on your account .
login to gmail on a browser . at the end of the page , in the bottom right-hand corner , you have a small hyperlink to see the sessions where your account is being used called " details " . click that link , and then click on the " sign out " for all the sessions . voila ! all of your logged in sessions ( except the current browser login ) will be logged out .
you could just change your google password ? that way when his phone does the regular check , authentication will fail and the phone will effectively be cut off from your account .
it sounds like the directory that emulator resides in is not in your path . the path is not updated by the installation of the sdk .
you should not have &lt;angle brackets&gt; around the filename . they are used in examples to show you that you need to change that part of the command ( to the avd name you chose ) , and you should not type them in .
ok . i have found the answer , at least for that rom : in the /system/build.prop file in the zip file , the first " section " has build properties , which details all the information that is visible in the " about phone " part . this is an example of it here :
a simplistic solution to your problem would be the following : set up any one of the ip camera apps on the play store . access the ip camera app 's web interface via the server . set the web interface to record the video feed to its storage . this would work ; but you have not specified if you own the server or not , what type of server it is , or whether you are on the same wifi network as the phone .
enhanced sms and caller id will vocalize text messages and allow you to reply using your voice .
check out blue control on the marketplace . routes sms messages to your bt headset .
the following is another resource for such apps : http://eyes-free.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/documentation/android_access/apps.html#ps at least one of the 5 listed ( handcent sms ) is sms-specific .
there are a number of apps that will do this . drivesafe . ly is what i use right now , but have not really had the opportunity to thoroughly test their tts engine . it can also be set up to start whenever bluetooth is paired , or if you put it in a car dock . i did try another one out a few months ago , but can not remember the name right now . a search through the app market ( or your favourite online app site ) may reveal some more .
" assistant " for android is free and it reads incoming text messages aloud , and it will let you dictate a response . it does many of the other things that " google now " does , only not as well .
sms speak does text to speech for your sms messages . it has support for routing audio thru a connected bluetooth too . you can install different speech synthesis engines from the software libraries on the marketplace as well .
by far the best hands free app out there ( and believe me , i have tried all of them ) is speak drive text by speakeazy . so many options , just a great app .
handcent sms has a " speak text " feature .
announcify - currently in beta . it is the successor of , the already mentioned above , saymyname dessert .
there is an app called smart receiver , it speaks sms and incoming call details very well . i use it , it is very nice .
starttalking seems like an app to check out . it will let you listen to incoming text messages and even replay to them . it does not require any bluetooth devices ( but i think it will work with one ) , and it is true hands free - meaning you do not have to press any button to use it , both for listening to it and replaying , it is fully voice activated . oh and the tts sounds surprisingly good .
saymyname dessert will read sms text . when bluetooth is attached , it still uses the speaker or wired output , though .
i know this is an old thread but here is some links to a good 100% hands free sms for android . speak and hear sms in google play : speak and hear sms
i have the verizon s4 and this is how you do it with that phone : open stock calendar app hit the left hand soft key for menu options chose calendars from that list all of your calendars should be listed there hit the display option to choose which calendars you want to display all the time ( all is also an option ) . check all or select individual calendars .
that might be an issue in sync . have you checked the settings --> accounts --> google ( your_account_name ) --> calender . is it checked ? please make sure , this one is checked so that google could sync the data . also if this is checked , sometimes the isp might block the service . on top the issue is just with the sync . on this post , the issue is somehow posted : http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/calendar/vrknnwbodwg the guy had s4 and he managed to work it out , by going to settings . try it out . : )
i was having a similar issue - i would added a new calendar to one of my google accounts and it would not show up , regardless of the calendar app i used . occasionally it would be on the list of calendars , but when i went to show it , it disappeared from the list . finally , i removed that account and added it back . thus far it seems to be working .
no , it does not have any kind of pass through . you cannot charge or dock the prime when the gps dongle is plugged in . here 's a youtube unboxing that provides a good overview of its physical design .
depending on the version of android you can create multiple users where each user has its own accounts system . http://www.howtogeek.com/170191/share-your-android-tablet-and-keep-your-privacy-with-a-guest-account/ the only other way to work around this issue is to create a new account just for that device and use play store with it . most of google apps seems to be really coupled at the moment .
headset blocker will disable those buttons . it is a widget , not an app .
try music button disabler is the best solution for lock the music button .
i do not know about older versions of android , but from my 2.1 version it is pretty straight-forward . from the home screen go to settings and tap " wireless and networks . " then " vpn settings " and add vpn and follow the prompts from there .
sorry i can not give you any help with the root part since i have never done it but i could let you know what to look out for if you want this action to occur with another app . pretty much when you plug the phone into the car dock . . . an Intentis created . if an app like custom car home or another other associates itself with that Intent then the user will receive a selection dialog asking them which app they would like to launch for that intent/action . if at the moment the only thing that happens is the samsung desk home is automatically launched , then this is probably because custom car home has not associated itself with that particular Intent . from the sounds of what tasker can do ( and i hear it can do a heck of a lot ) this should be manageable through it . try to set up an app launch on a specific condition . that condition is when the phone is docked into the car dock . tasker will then associate itself with that Intent and fire off your desired app . hope some of that was a little useful . sorry i could not be much help .
i have some experience with this on the developer side of things ( i am the developer of car dashboard ) . basically , the application has to support the car_dock intent . then , when you dock your phone in a car dock , the phone will go into car mode and it will automatically launch the application . the very first time it launches , you will be presented with a list of multiple " car home " like apps to choose from and you can optionally choose one of them to be the default . this works exactly the same way as switching to a new home launcher . note : however , that your dock must have a magnet ( or similar ) to activate the car mode . however , it could be possible there is something in the samsung 's version of the os that could be preventing you from launching other kinds of car home replacement apps .
moon+ reader in the pro version supports almost all formats available , including epub and pdf . you can even highlight and annotate text ; with pdf files , these highlights/annotations will be directly embedded into the file ( so you then can simply transfer the pdf to another reader and have your notes included ) , while for the other formats they are stored separately . support is pretty good , fixes and new features are constantly released ( developer is quite active and responding ) .
both aldiko and fbreader support pdf reading without conversion . as the app should update , you can check them again . i found these later : aldiko only supports non-drm'd epub . nook for android by b and n and kobo ebooks seem support both pdf and epub . get the information from : http://www.pdfmate.com/read-pdf-with-ebook-reader-app-for-android.html
i am using bluefire reader . it is free of charge and can display pdf and epub files with adobe drm .
aldiko is a good free application for reading pdf and epub documents .
txtr purports to support both , but has not gotten very good reviews . speak text easy and multireader are primarily for text-to-speech , but they both appear to support both file formats .
android 's own email application is , in fact , open source .
k-9 mail is open-sourced and is equipped with features like search , push email , multi-folder sync , flagging , filing , signatures , bcc-self and more project hosted on google code
it appears that there are some defects in your handset . so , there are no simple hacks or mends specifically apply to your situation . but here are some . . . suggestions on how you can recover from the error . . . and some tips to . . . diagnose the issue . . . as you have asked . try using a different sim card in your device . these kind of problems are often caused when the sim card does not contact the metal connectors on your phone . check your signal strength . when there is poor signal levels , some devices act wierd when they are have poor reception form the carrier . go to your mobile network settings and try switching between the different network modes available . if none of the above solved your problem , you should talk to your dealer/manufacturer ( and claim your warranty if applicable ) or its time to change the handset . option for updating your os to the latest ice cream sandwich is non applicable . your device do not have an official update available ( src )
i am suspecting , after reading the logcat and dump , the kernel killed off quite a few processes , whether its down to the rom itself , or a buggy ril ( radio interface layer ) , ril is responsible for communicating with the cellular radio base-band firmware . this is the excerpt from the kernel , showing dolphin , alarm clock , google voice ( ? ) getting killed off : this is the excerpt from the telephony , note the gap in time logged , last logged at 19:23:48.949 and 19:35:33.144 : further on in the log related to telephony : the nitz ( network identity and time zone ) crops up a fair bit too , as shown below within the same telephony log , iirc , nitz handling was not exactly great up to ics , in which a patch was made to handle the handling of the timezones ( either roaming when browsing the net or something awry went wrong with the ril : the telephony errors shown , are sticking out like a sore thumb , and also down to the fact that froyo 2.2 , is old , and may not be able to handle whatever issue is with at and t that causes it . also , at and t could have had their systems updated/upgraded , that is sending out extra telephony information/nitz in a format that froyo cannot handle and freezes . best bet would be to try a firmware update and see if that resolves the issue . prior to doing an update , since the handset is rooted , best to make a backup of everything , use titanium backup to backup user apps and data , use sms backup and restore to save the sms messages . it will be inevitable that the upgrade will lose root , but then again , it would be easy to do that after the upgrade .
does the phone allow you to enter airplane mode ? try enable then disable it . this may not completely solve the problem , but is a workaround for other phones that have similar issues .
if you can find someone else with an unlocked nexus s , you can use nandroid backups to do everything on their device and then duplicate efforts to your device , like so : let 's call your phone device a and theirs device b . boot into recovery on both devices , then make a nandroid backup of each device , which i will call nandroid a and nandroid b , for each phone . using some sort of wireless file-transfer application ( airdroid , samba server , etc ) , transfer the nandroid backups to a computer for safekeeping , and then put nandroid a onto device b and boot into recovery on device b . wipe the cache , dalvik cache , system partition , and data partition , then restore nandroid a onto device b . once the restore is complete , boot device b normally and perform the ota update as you would under normal conditions . reboot into recovery on device b after installing the update , and make a new nandroid backup which i will call nandroid a2 . then , move files around wirelessly as outlined above and wipe device a and restore nandroid a2 to device a . finally , wipe device b and restore nandroid b to device b and give it back to your much-indebted-to friend . be careful when you wipe before a restore /not/ to wipe the internal storage on the device . the nexus s does not have an sd card slot , otherwise i would just advise you remove the sd card altogether while restoring . . . but twrp has a pretty straightforward checkbox that will help you make sure you are not wiping your internal storage . yes , this method is roundabout and long-winded , and yes , it does require access to hardware that you may not be able to get your hands on . but it will work .
use an app like wifi file trasnfer to transfer the stock image to your phone and then flash it using whatever recovery you are using .
attempt both and see if either work . hold the power button for 10+ seconds hold the power button and volume down button for 10+ seconds
immediately back-up all pictures to your computer , because i think the sd card is failing . if it is internal memory , are the pictures instantly empty ? or are they empty after a while ? can you also state your make and model ?
the dialer may have hard-coded the api key for the lookup service . the error occurs when too many requests are sent using a single api key in a short interval .
1 ) rom manager is the de facto app to do two specific things : 1 ) install a custom recovery 2 ) install a custom rom ( or kernels . check out chevyno1s kernels for the droid ) . you need to not worry about any permission problems with this application as pretty much every rooted person uses it . it is also an application provided by koush , who is a well known hacker in the android community ( he ported cyanogenmod to the droid ) . 2 ) you do not have to have a custom rom to do a nandroid backup . but you do need a custom recovery . download rom manager . flash " clockworkmod recovery " . then open up rom manager again . then under " backup and restore " do " backup current rom " . this will run a nandroid backup of your phone . do this asap . it is very important to have a backup of your phone right after you just rooted it in case you ever need to restore your phone back to this state . a nandroid backup is like taking a full image/snapshot of your phone . with a nandroid backup in hand , you can then experiment with custom roms ( or anything , really ) with a safety net of being able to go back to the way your phone was . you can also perform a nandroid backup by going into your recovery when you boot your phone ( press and hold x on the droid when powering on until you get the yellow triangle exclamation point , then press the camera and volume up buttons to get the menu to show up ) . 3 ) nandroid is the best to restore your phone to a previous state . i highly recommend titanium backup if you plan on switching to a custom rom or ever plan on wiping and reloading your phone ( or if you need to re-install an app but need to keep its data ) . titanium backup will let you backup specific apps ( and their data , only root users can do this ! ) and restore them . so you could backup all of your apps on stock android , install cyanogenmod , and then use titanium backup to restore all of your apps and their data . please see these other questions about how do i root my phone , and i have rooted my phone , now what ?
well , as it may seen , there is no solution without relying on third-part softwares . instead , i ( partially ) solved it by changing the language for english uk , where the numbers format are without separators . ex : 99999999 .
you should make sure that your router is in n-only mode , since if there is even one g-mode device in the access point , the speed gets dropped from all devices , except if the device has separate chips for g-mode and n-mode . also , your devices cpu and ram can cause limitations . for example , my galaxy nexus can handle speeds up to 30mbps whereas the original galaxy capped at about 10mbps despite being attached to a 100mbps access point .
the speed is limited by weakest point in the system . if you are using a class 2 microsd , you can not get speed more than 2mbps even if your network can transfer 1tbps .
the problem was hardware related . wifi chip was changed in the service center . now it is working ok .
is it using a custom rom or a modified stock rom ? flashing djembey 's pre-rooted s4 roms has issues with wi-fi , esp . for those higher than MGA . they have a wi-fi fix , but i still encountered issues ( e . g . intermittent mobile data , loss of audio / sound ) . so , i downgraded back to mga . hopefully reading the thread in xda might give you some ideas . do share your answer if you find something useful , or a solution .
try the app screen filter , it does just what you need with no extra hassle .
as discussed , you can store apps on the ext3 partition which will free up internal phone memory . there are also apps like swapper2 which allow you to put your swap file on the sd card . be warned , that this will degrade the life of your sd card and will also chew up battery due to frequent read/writes to the card . weigh the potential of additional free space in view of this .
try nitronote - it offers syncing for outlook notes . you will need to install apps on your desktop as well as the device . there is also the more powerful touchdown client which will sync email / contacts / tasks from an exchange server . finally , lots of users claim to find gsyncit to work well for them , but ymmv .
this depends on the screen technology . for instance , ( it was said that ) android 2.3 gingerbread has dark theme since google 's latest flagship device nexus s uses ( super ) amoled display which consumes less energy when displaying dark color since amoled produces its own light and darker color emits less photons . contrasts with lcd display which uses a backlight ( a fixed number of photons ) and the lcd crystals filters those colors it needs . the crystals on an lcd displays though , actually consume slightly less power when displaying white since it takes more power to strain the crystal to block more light . screen color does not affect the backlighting . there are certain display technologies in tvs that tries to give dynamic backlighting by dimming the screen when displaying darker image . i am not aware of any device that actually ships with that type of screen though .
on oled , amoled and super amoled screens : yes lcd screens : no
hey , i just ran a load of test to figure this out . they are vaguely scientific tests ! i figured out that i was saving 20% battery by switching to dark wallpaper and dark themed apps . have a look through my write up , you should be able to work out the saving on your phone : http://blog.stevemould.com/phone-battery-save-black-wallpaper/
if your screen has an older standard lcd then this does not help at all . the backlight is still shining behind all those darkened pixels . you just can not see it . if you have oled , amoled , super amoled , led lcd , or i think even plasma then it does help to darken the screen because the light is generated specifically where it is needed . btw there are fire fox plugins that reformat whatever page you are on to be dark . i do not remember the names , but i needed it when i was living in a studio apartment with my girlfriend and i was up all night on my computer while she was trying to sleep 20 feet away in the same room .
you could try an app such as airstream if you are rooted which streams all audio on your device via airplay .
you could try and exploit your receiver 's support for the dlna / upnp protocols , by installing a dlna / upnp control point app , such as bubbleupnp .
while playing around with the inf files , i found that the one supplied by sony actually does work , you only need to " force " windows to use it for your device . i am not sure if that has anything to do with the unsigned nature of the driver or that windows cannot verify that the driver is compatible ( see below ) , but it simply does not seem to accept the driver with sony 's inf automatically . i order to install the driver , i did the following : in the device manager , right-click on the S1Boot Fastboot entry and select Update Driver Software , then Browse my computer for driver software and Let me pick from a list of device drivers on my computer . select Show All Devices , then Next . click Have Disk... and then Browse... to the android-sdk\extras\google\usb_driver directory . then the Model list is populated with three entries , select the one called Android Bootloader Interface and click Next . click Yes on the Update Driver Warning message mentioning that windows cannot verify compatibility of the driver with the device . click Install this driver software anyway on the Windows Security message saying that windows can not verify the publisher of this driver software . after that , i was able to run fastboot commands on my device ( i only tried devices and reboot so far ) . on a side note , i found it interesting that you actually do not need any specific driver binaries such as dlls from sony and that the drivers supplied with the android sdk seem to be sufficient , except for the inf entries with the correct device ids .
i had the same trouble with my xperia z just 2 days ago , but the i found the flashtool-drivers package . this included drivers for several xperia devices , and i think for zr too . the download can be found here , and the post that lead me there is this one . i trusted this package since it is by a recognized member of xda , doomlord .
a factory reset does indeed reset the virtual sd card on a galaxy nexus . okay , initially it appeared as if it wiped the virtual sd card , but it did not . after the media scanner did its magic , everything on the sd card ( mostly ) still remained there . i did a factory reset by going to android 's settings , then backup and reset , and did the factory restore option . i did not wipe the device from recovery .
from the whatsapp site , the minimum requirements are android 2.1 , so even if you managed to find the apk and side-load it onto the g1 running 1.6 , it probably will not work . stable releases of cyanogenmod 5 ( android 2.1 ) and 6 ( android 2.2 ) are both available for the g1 . you can install whatsapp if you upgrade to cm 5/6 .
well , at last i could finally solve the problem thanks to chris5s from the xda-developers . com forum . these are the steps that worked for me : download the latest clockworkmod for allwinner a10 tablets from here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1802268 put all three files in the zip inside the root of a microsd card and insert it in the tablet check from the terminal app inside the tablet to see if the microsd card is mounted in /sdcard ( just type " ls /sdcard" ) . if the " ls " command does not show anything ( that is what happened in my case ) , then you must modify the " install-recovery . sh " file and replace all instances of "/sdcard " with "/mnt/extsd " . with the proper " install-recovery . sh " file , run the commands specified in the above xda link ( in my case the card is in "/mnt/extsd " instead of "/mnt/sdcard " as the original example shows ) : su cd /mnt/extsd sh install-recovery . sh sh reboot-recovery . sh the tablet will then reboot to cwm recovery . then follow the regular steps to install cyanogenmod ( wipe plus install rom + gapps + compatibility ) . this time the recovery menu will not care about the files being unsigned and will install them right away ! i hope this helps somebody else !
what clockworkmod does is a so called nandroid backup . basically , this contains an image for each of the file systems of the device ( i.e. . one image per file system ) -- and thus it is a full backup/"image snapshot " . the format of the snapshot might differ and depend on the device and clockworkmod version being used ; for my motorola milestone 2 most of the file systems seem to be captured as yaffs2 image , i.e. the image uses the same file system used on the device . so it is comparable with using dd on unix/linux ( see wikipedia ) , at least in my case . newer versions of clockworkmod recovery ( 6.0 and up ) also do " incremental updates " to save space on the backup medium and allow for faster backup ( see e.g. this techiebuzz . com article ) . for this , you might also want to check our question how can i tell cwm to perform a full backup instead of an incremental backup ? more details you can also find by following the clockworkmod tag .
cwm backups are full system backups , so they restore it to exactly how it was when you took a backup . everything including apps , settings , preferences , even call log is saved . you do not have to flash the rom before restoring a backup . the backup files contain a boot . img and system . img that have the rom , kernel etc in it . when moving to another rom , you might also want to take a backup of all your apps and app data with titanium backup , this is helpful to restore them on the new rom . if you flashed a new rom without using titanium backup , do not panic , app extractor can extract apps and data from a cwm backup . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.handyandy.appextractor my usual flash routine is : backup with titanium , sync all data on wifi , backup sms , reboot to recovery , do cwm backup and then wipe , flash new rom , reboot and restore apps , and sync . hope it helps !
i use bluetooth file transfer app . its worked really well to send file to my computer . you can check multiple files to send at the same time and this has worked well for me . it also works well to send file back and forth between two phones if they both have it installed .
samsung galaxy s2 partitions with usefull data are /data and /sdcard ( internal memory ) or /emmc depending on the recovery . to mount a partition , you issue the following command : mount &lt;partition&gt; &lt;mount_point&gt; or mount &lt;mount_point&gt; if the mount_point is already defined . for /data or /sdcard , you can try with mount /data and mount /sdcard . if the mount_point is not already defined , you would have to use the partition : mount /dev/block/mmcblk0p10 /data . the -o parameter defines the options when calling mount , but since you only want to get all the data ( read ) , the default options would sufice .
try this : $ adb shell $ su # mount -o rw,remount /system 
ls -l /dev/block/platform/dw_mmc/by-name/  to find the path to user data partition . then mount -t ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p10 /data  check the correct file system type as well as mmcblkXpXX from first command . if successful , /data should be mounted correctly
the behaviour of the browser is perfectly normal . because opening a new internet connection takes a lot of power , after an app is finished with an http connection to a given server , android keeps the connection open a little while longer in case the app wants to download more from the same server . keeping the connection open while idle does not take any extra power . this fits well with the usual behaviour of web browsers : typically you download a web page , then all the images and c . for that page , an ajax request to the same site , and then a few minutes later maybe a new page from the same site . the servers you mention are very typical . amazon aws and akamai are content distribution networks . they are used to host many websites . people who run websites pay these companies to host static content and serve it to end users , which is good for you because it keeps internet latency down . when you visit ( say ) android.stackexchange.com, only the dynamic content comes from stack exchange 's servers , and the static content - images , fonts , etc . - might come from a server much closer to you , run by akamai or another cdn . other sites on your list are sources of " share " and " like " buttons , such as facebook , stumbleupon , and linkedin . every time you visit a page with the official facebook " like " button , the browser has to go to facebook 's server to download it . that is how facebook tracks you across different sites , but it is not the browser tracking you : it is the websites you visit . uninstalling your browser and switching to a different one will not make any difference . there is one last thing that seems to have added to your confusion : the " application details " screen in that app shows a log of which sites the app has connected to , not the sites that have open connections right now . that is why old connections are still shown in the list after you restart the device , and after uninstalling the app .
i would try clearing the data for it . do so via Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and finding voice search ( or the relevant app if you are using another ) under the all tab .
.ftf are more suited for the older line of xperia devices and is proprietary format , the trend with newer sony devices is .elf instead . their layout of kernel image is non-standard , this requires a special script to run against the freshly built kernel image to convert it and add extra special markers to make it compatible for the xperia to enable booting . without the markers , the flash will fail , androxyde 's flashtool has the capability to generate the .ftf , .elf by concatenating the kernel image ( usually gzipped raw flat binary ) with a header called .sin which has some proprietary encoded binary that fixes up the bootloader 's address from which to boot up under . the script can be found on sony 's opensource portal website , that contains a blog entry highlighting how to create a flashable kernel for xperia s model . the custom rom 's that the op is referring to is more of a " universal generic " method , which contains the kernel and the files that composes of the rom , that is made suitable by the likes of clockworkmod ( cwm ) and teamwin recovery ( twrp ) to use them . some manufacturers are free to deviate on how their kernels are created and if necessary , applicable handling to convert it to a form suitable for flashing , such as sony 's own format , rather than using mkbootimg which is a more generic form of creating a flashable kernel ( this combines the kernel image and auxiliary supporting files ) , that is compatible with most , if not , all devices with some exceptions , like sony . as case in point , the kernel has to flashed separately first before flashing the rom . for others , cwm/twrp can directly flash the newly built boot image file created via mkbootimg first behind the scenes then write out the files into the /system partition .
use the app " sync me " , it saves the contact pics of your facebook friends to your contacts .
i have used haxsync previously . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.mots.haxsync there is also an xposed module which i now use instead , called xfbsync . this does all that facebook used to by itself , like syncs profile photos , and phone numbers . if you are able i would give that a go .
this version of google talk can be downloaded from http://goo-inside.me/gapps/ . the current version is gapps-gb-20110828-newtalk-signed . zip . details can be found in rootzwiki at http://wiki.rootzwiki.com/index.php/google_apps#google_talk_with_video.2fvoice_chat
try automateit . this app allows you to set up various triggers ( wifi enabled/disabled included ) and then assign actions like launching apps or toggling other settings .
the free llama app allows you to combine rules ( when connected to certain wlan ) with action ( then launch this app ) .
it depends , some android devices have an advanced setting wifi sleep policy under Settings -&gt; Wireless -&gt; Wi-Fi Settings -&gt; [Menu Button] Advanced -&gt; Wi-Fi Sleep Policy but i am not sure if this is a vanilla android feature or an manufacturer modification . at least the galaxy s series has this setting . data networks are usually fully active . but apps like tasker allow you to define certain profiles to improve battery life . for example : only allow 2g when the display is off , because 2g requires less battery then 3g ( umts ) .
i do not think it turns the wifi or data networks off . you can try by downloading an app from market and while it is downloading , turn off the screen . you can see that even after the screen is off , the download completes after some time . i am not sure exactly which app does this but you can try searching the market for such an app .
conclusion this is a programming error within the htc music app ( based on the package id ) . the best option is to report this error to the developers using the force close dialog . more details as a programmer i recognize the nullpointer exception thrown in the HtcMusicFragment at line 8905 . the package ( and class name ) indicate that this is an app from htc for music playing . since this code is closed there is no reason to look further into this yourself , even if you had the knowledge . let 's say it would be perfectly possible to decompile the app ( it is not ) and fix the nullpointer even then you would not be able to replace the app on your phone since this is a vendor app . that is without root . if you want to read about the nullpointer exception try this link stackexchange-url in short there is a method called on an object that has not been initialized properly . it is up to the programmer to check for these kind of issues . my advice go get a better music app on the google play store .
a lot of keyboard applications come with voice related features if that is what you are asking . though , there are things such as google search on the play store that allow for some light voice commands , started by staying " okay google " . samsung phone also natively have a voice feature called s voice that allows for these sort of commands as well . a wake up phrase similar to that of google 's " okay google " can be set within the s voice application as well .
there is an important distinction to be made : android in its stock form , and samsung 's version of android , with the touchwiz framework . the touchwiz functionality for the eyeball recognition works with only with apps ' native ' to samsungs touchwiz version of android . apps like samsung sms , samsung internet , samsung gallery etc . air gestures can be ported to 3rd party apps , flipboard is an example of this . fore the eye recognitions stuff , like smart scroll etc . the app needs to be embedded in touchwiz . however , the ' keep screen on ' functionality works over apps , so the screen should not lock while gaming etc . after looking into this myself , i havn't found any xposed or other modules to override this for root users . also , on the s4 google edition ( running almost 1 stock android ) there is no eyeball recognition whatsoever , and cannot be implemented . also , from a developer 's point of view it , even if it was possible to access this functionality , would it be worth implementing it for only one device , and not being accessible on any other phone ? it is a good idea in a way , but i do not see it expanding for a while , until other oems decide on similar tech perhaps . 1 techincally the touchwiz framework is there to enable the s-view cover . on the htc one google edition htc sense is there to allow beats audio to be built in .
the google talk application is a key part of the android market authentication . if you are not signed in to google talk , you cannot use the android market . this is one of the reasons there needs to be more " warnings " with apps like root uninstaller . they allow you to remove vital apps from the device , and do not tell you what damage it could do . you have a couple options : you will need to find the apk for your device , or that works for your device . there are some devices that use a different version of the application , then use a tool like root explorer for example , to put the apk file back in /system/apps restore from a nandroid / titanium backup ( if you did the backup before hand ) ( re ) flash a rom on your device , which could put the device in the " factory state " if you are not flashing the same rom that you already have on the device . i also seen this in the applications description and it may actually make a backup of any app that you freeze or uninstall . check and see if you can restore with the application . if you cann't freeze/defrost , try to enable usb debugging ( home/settings/application/development/usb debugging ) if you cann't restore backup app , try to " find apps on sd card " then long-press the app and select " install as system app " . this application uses sdcard to store data
if you do not have a backup of the app , i would think the most sure fire and straightforward way to get it back would be to " restore to factory state " . prior to doing that , i would recommend using titanium backup to save all your settings and apps . just reinstall tibu again after you reset your phone and restore everything from the backup . short and sweet . if you decide you absolutely need to remove system apps in the future , cyangogen mod has a bare bones guide on what is safe to uninstall .
i assume you mean ' draft ' txt messages . try this : settings > applications > manage applications > select the messaging app choose ' clear data ' and also ' clear cache ' . if not you could also factory reset the phone . otherwise report it to htc support
it wants to know your location so that it can give you weather forecasts for where you are rather than some other random location . it is just your location that comes from gps - the weather info will be downloaded via wifi or your data network . the app has permission to use both android 's coarse-grained ( network-based ) and fine ( gps ) location services . in your case , it seems that the app is failing to find your location using the network-based service ( by seeing which cell-towers and wifi hotspots it can see ) and falling back to gps .
look at something black ( e . g . an image of only black ) on your phone , and shut off the lights . if you have got an amoled screen , it should be pure black ( virtually no light emanating ) . with an lcd it will be significantly brighter/greyish .
regarding if the super amoled is inferior : android update 2.3.3 introduced a color temperature correction , which many users complain turned their screen color " ugly and yellowish " http://www.androidcentral.com/nexus-s-233-update-bringing-unwanted-screen-issues . the color change appears to still be present in the newer 2.3.4 update , and some have begun to suspect that the fact that not everyone is seeing this color change , may be related to which screen the phone has ; with the superamoled being associated with the yellowish color and the lcd not having the yellowish color .
i like lifehacker ' s reviews , though it is a little annoying that you can not link to search results there . i find the market reviews helpful for deciding whether or not things actually work , but lifehacker makes great recommendations .
to be honest , i would just search the android market and then try things out . " the best " android apps are going to be generally subjective , and there is typically several apps that perform any given task . you could also look at some of these older ( mostly cw ) questions : android market - want to see best applications alternative android app markets must have applications for android ?
press the " sym " button , then press the " ? " button , no dragging required . you can also do a medium press of the button to get the symbol without the menu appearing ( long press ) . you will see the symbol appear when you have held the button long enough for the medium press .
in pre-2.2 stock keyboard , typing the ? is a two step process : alternatively , you can long press on . and a pop up menu will appear : in 2.3 stock keyboard , the auto-correct bar will show common punctuations , including ?: the old two-step ways of using the ?123 page and long-pressing on the . still works , although when you long-press on . now you only need to slide your finger to the punctuations . in swype , you can long press on the letter M to produce ?: alternatively , you can press Sym keyboard : if you are using swiftkey x beta , the ? has its own dedicated key in the main keyboard : if you are using htc keyboard , you can long-press on the letter k:
swiftkey is a keyboard that aims to reduce the amount of keys strokes you make by predicting the next word in a sentence based on your typing history - that means it gets better the more you use it . in your case , it also has just one keypress to type a ? as you can see below :
swype would be your best bet , just swype the symbol to the spacebar and voila ! you have your question mark . here 's a link for videos of the tricks you could do with swype : http://www.swypeinc.com/tips-tricks.html ( search for how to swype punctuation ! ) if you want in , register from here : http://www.swypeinc.com/myswype.html best thing is it is free !
you may have root , but that is not a root shell ( as evidenced by the $ prompt ) . you need to use su to switch to root before you can use mount . since the default target is the root uid , you can simply enter su and it should properly switch to root ( a # prompt ) . i think the reason it is failing is simply because you are running it as an underprivileged user .
you are not specifying the device to mount , only the directory so it is telling you that you are missing one of the required parameters . i believe that the busybox mount will let you get away with not supplying the device , if it can figure out the device to mount , but the " stock " mount requires that you supply both the directory and the device . you would have to do the following : # mount -o remount,rw /dev/block/mtdblock4 /system or you could try the busybox mount # busybox mount -o remount,rw /system but you should always supply the device to mount , so there is no confusion or issue with mounting the wrong device .
as stated already , one solution would be to use an app that lets you synchronize with dropbox . i personally already used dropsync . it works flawlessly , however , the free version only lets you sync one main folder . so that was not really an option . the solution i just came up with is making good use of the tasker app yet again . tell tasker if the camera or gallery apps are running and mobile data is enabled , disable mobile data . then as exit task ( to be executed when camera/gallery get closed ) re-enable mobile data . dropbox will then upload all the shots i did not delete right away using the camera/gallery app .
i am assuming you are on a rooted device . use your preferred file explorer to browse to : /system/app there should be two apk files . one the calendar app ( calendar . apk ) and the other calendarprovider . apk . the second apk provides proper synchronization between the google account and the actual calendar application which is probably missing or not working . you should be able to find a replacement apk for your specific device and rom on xda .
try adding a new google account , preferably via mobile data instead of wi-fi . it should restore the calendar sync option .
this is just a guess , but it may be for certain variants of the device that go to countries covered by u.s. munitions export regulations . strong encryption counts as a munition for the purpose of the regulations , so this feature might have been left out to allow the device to be sold in such countries . even if the manufacturer is not from the u.s. , the android software comes from there , so it is still covered by the regulations .
did you tried google android rooting ? is there something in the articles that your do not understand ? rooting means allowing an application to gain root privilege . this is usually done by hacking the existing kernel or flashing a new kernel . some devices locked the bootloader , you have to " unlock the bootloader " first in order to flash a new kernel . as for updates , enthusiasts port the latest aosp to various devices . xda forum is a great source for these custom roms ( and rooting/flashing info ) . warning : rooting , unlocking bootloader and flashing custom roms may void your warranty .
if you do not use them , there is no point in updating them . the only benefit of updating would be that they will stop giving annoying reminders to update - at least until their next update . many of these bloatware/crapware additions can not be removed without rooting the phone . however , many of them will respond to a force stop after which they will not prompt you to update until you reboot your phone . the really annoying ones are those that restart after a force stop . most updates increase the amount of memory used by the app . leave them alone if you do not want them . in terms of security updates , if the app is not running then it is not a risk .
you might consider disabling those apps ( starting with ics , that is possible for some but not all ) . this way you had solve multiple of your issues : no more update reminders app becomes unavailable , so it is no longer shown in the app drawer being disabled , they should also no longer provide an " attack vector " if that is not possible for some apps via settings → applications ( check the " all " tab there to see pre-installed apps ) , and rooting is an option , you can still freeze them with apps like titanium backup to achieve the same .
my data manager is a free app available in the android market which will aid you in catering your needs . it will give you a detailed statistics of which app/service used how much data . edit : did not notice this was answered in the comments already .
according to the galaxy player wikipedia page the differences are : galaxy player 4 ( yp-g1 ) the galaxy player 4 features a 4" super fine lcd . it had a flash internal storage of 8 gb or 16 gb that can be expanded with microsd card . galaxy player 5 ( yp-g70 ) the galaxy player 5 features a 5" tft lcd . it had a flash internal storage of 8 gb or 16 gb that can be expanded with microsd card . galaxy player 50 ( yp-g50 ) the yp-g50 model carries a 3.2" lcd tft instead of the amoled which is used by samsung in most of its phones . the screen has a 240×400 resolution . it has a flash internal storage of 16 gb or 32 gb that can be expanded with a microsd card . so the main differences are the size and quality of the screen ( and the device ) , and the internal memory capacity . essentially the "50" has the smallest , worst quality screen , but ( depending which capacity you get ) has the most internal memory , the "4" and "5" are larger devices with better quality , larger screens but ( potentially ) not as much internal memory . according to another review i found : . . . 4.0 and 5.0 have almost the same specifications . . . the 4 inch version has a battery capacity of 1200mah , whereas the 5 inch version is 2500mah so the "5" has a larger battery which should last longer , though this may be offset slightly by the larger screen , and will also make the device slightly bigger and heavier than the "4" . battery life should be better than equivalent phone models ( especially if you switch off wifi when you are not using it ) , as the phone 's wireless radio is one of the largest battery hogs in the device . full size and weight specs of the devices are in the sidebar on the wikipedia page . so it looks like none of the devices are " better " than the others , they all appear to have their own benefits but are aimed at different buyers .
i am confused about these product 's name comparisons for international and us distribution . none of these galaxy player models have been released in the us . i have seen what you refer to as the galaxy player 4 and 5 labeled as galaxy s wi-fi 4 and 5 in trade show videos on youtube as well as samsung 's uk site , e.g. http://www.samsung.com/uk/consumer/tv-audio-video/mp3-digital-audio/mobile-internet-players/yp-g1cw/xeu/index.idx?pagetype=prd_detail . in mid-may , samung 's us site http://www.samsung.com/us/mobile/mp3-players/ had the galaxy player 4.0 and 5.0 listed with full specs , price and even reference to best buy as an official retailer before yanking down references to the galaxy player only a week later . very confusing . i search google daily for signs that the " galaxy player " 4 or 5 has been released in the us . however , i am uncertain as to which search terms i should use because i have seen what appears to be the same product referred to both as the " samsung galaxy player 4.0" and the " samsung galaxy s wi-fi 4.0" . does anyone have evidence indicating what samsung will be calling the " galaxy player " 4 or 5 equivalent for the us market ?
[ moving from comments to answer ] this could be an issue with either debugging mode switched on or the power source itself ! please try on ac power , this is a known issue with quite a few phones ! in fact i had this issue with my n7000 running cm10 , the phone is just lying around now . just to be sure , is usb debugging off ? just to see if that is the issue for me , i tried different sockets at home with my old phone ! it varies based on the power supply . all i can say is stop charging through these faulty places
how things currently work the android os uses a file to map the volume buttons in order to know what to do when they get pressed : the file : /system/usr/keylayout/gpio-keys.kl  contains two lines for the volume buttons : key 115 VOLUME_UP WAKE_DROPPED key 114 VOLUME_DOWN WAKE_DROPPED  they are not " orientation sensitive " , just like their physical position on the device . the issue you are facing , many other tablet owners face , that has to do with the logical position on the action . if we press the down part of the button , the volume should go down , but depending on the orientation , the down part actually raises the volume . i do believe that the device rotation should account for factors such as this , as to prevent users from having to " create " weird habits for a simple " lower the volume " action . but on the other hand , that is why the volume buttons on your tablet are punctuated by three raised dots for easy tactile recognition . possible solution for rooted devices since this buttons in order to be changed need to be altered at a " system level " , the action must be performed with root privileges on the device . while the following two solutions cannot deal with orientation-specific scenarios , they are useful to remap the buttons as to have them adjusted to the tablet orientation in which we get most confused about : application : buttonremapper - beta v0.2.4 tool to remap the hardware buttons . or better : a generic tool to edit the key layout map file android uses to map the keys . xda developers forum thread with extensive details by the author manual edit of the file : gpio-keys.kl: with a root file manager , travel to /system/usr/keylayout and long touch the file gpio-keys.kl ; from the pop up menu , select " properties" ; change the file permissions to rw-rw-rw- in order to be able to alter its contents ; after having the new permissions , open the file with a text editor ; search within the file for the following two lines : key 115 VOLUME_UP WAKE_DROPPED key 114 VOLUME_DOWN WAKE_DROPPED  update the lines by swapping the key numbers so it becomes : key 114 VOLUME_UP WAKE_DROPPED key 115 VOLUME_DOWN WAKE_DROPPED  save the changes and reboot your tablet . you should now have the actions of the volume up/down buttons toggled as they best fit your portrait orientation . to undo it , just reverse these directions . credits for the file edit solution are attributed to user jbeige from thriveforums . org . after reading your device manual , other tablet manuals and the specifications from the android os , this are the best solutions i was able find to work around your issue .
this feature is cooked into the rom , itself , so it will be entirely dependent on what the chef cooked into the rom . you can find roms such as cm9 and aokp that have various options for the volume rocker--- but forcing the rockers to stay static on devices like this where it changes is not one i have ever seen .
button savior is an application which will provide you on screen soft keys for all your device 's hard keys . though it requires rooted device , some features are claimed to be working with non-rooted devices . the paid version will allow you to customize the soft keys including its position . please give a try .
workaround : i am pretty sure got fixed after i enabled and disabled " mobile hotspot " so while i am answering my own question , i will accept any answer that describes how to disable this faulty behavior
email app if you are referring to the app named " email " , you do not have to make any adjustments , the subscription process is fully automated , i just test . ps : no options available on this application for that type of settings , perhaps the reason as to why its fully automated and by default in sync . gmail app if you are referring to the gmail app , you need to : open the app tap your device " menu " tap " more " , then " settings " tap your account scroll down until you find " sync inboxes and labels " , and tap a list should appear with all your folders , tap over the ones you need to sync and select the desirable option .
someone posted a how-to recently to do exactly what you are asking for . you will need a few tools to get started here , and luckily they are available for windows , mac , and linux . this method uses dropbox and picasa3 to keep things synced up , and a side benefit is that photos are available from anywhere -- not just the device that took them . to get started , you need to install the dropbox client on your home computer . if you already have a dropbox account , you can use the same login and you will find that having dropbox installed on your computer is a good thing anyway . just visit this link and download the correct version for your computer platform . install it , and you are done with the first step . next , you will need to install the picasa3 program from google . it is a pretty good photo organizer and viewer , but what we are interested in is the way it can sync a folder to your google+ photos . this is where the magic will happen . visit this link and download the appropriate version , and install it . windows and mac users have it easy , but if you are running linux you will need to install wine 1.3 or higher , and use winetools to install the bits from ie6 to get the account oauth working . there is plenty of tutorials on the net for this , and if you hit a snag , holler at me . got those installed ? good . you are just about finished . the next step is to visit instadrop and setup the instagram to dropbox sync . instadrop is a web-app , running on google 's appspot engine , and is what makes this all work . you will link the instadrop app to both your instagram account and your dropbox account , and anytime you post a picture to instagram it will get copied to a folder named " instagram photos " . all you need to do is link your accounts , and the app does the rest . you can do that here , and if you are the suspicious type , you can inspect the source code on github and see exactly what is going on . a couple final steps setting up picasa and your google+ album . open the picasa program , and click file > add folder to picasa . in your dropbox folder , find the instagram photo directory ( if it is not there , upload a picture to instagram to create it ) in the tree and mark it to " scan always " ( the blue circular arrow ) . this means that picasa will hit that folder each time it scans for new content , and automagically import any pictures it finds . click the ok button . now in the picasa program , look in the upper right . you will see a spot to sign-in with your google account . do that , and make sure the sync to web switch for the instagram photos folder is set to on . open your google+ page , and make sure the instagram photos album is set up to be shared with the folks you want to share it with , and that is it . what is happening is that anytime you post a picture to your instagram stream , the instadrop web-app pushes it to the instagram photos folder in your dropbox . when your computer is on , picasa uploads it to your google+ album . is it perfect ? not by a long shot . but it is a way to get that content merged without waiting for google to have a public api for content posting and sharing on g+ from third party apps . note that these pictures are not shared to your google+ stream be default . until we get some sort of g+ api from google , that is not going to happen ( at least not easily ) . but if you share your album , people can visit and check them out , and of course you can easily share a photo from the album yourself . click on it and hit the share button in the bottom right .
you can use ifttt ( if this than that ) and setup a recipe that auto posts from instagram to a specific picasa album online . this does not require you to leave anything open . then you can set your instagram album in google+ to be public . you will need to follow the directions found here . the only thing i have not figured out yet is how to share something to my timeline whenever a new post arrives into that album .
the best tool for dumping partitions and devices is a unix tool called dd , which is also available with almost any linux distribution , like ubuntu . if you are running windows then you might want to try dd 's counterpart for windows - windd . it is usually : dd if=[source_inputfile] of=[sink_outputfile] warning ! these tool can do harm to your drives if used incorrectly ( if you mix up data source and sink , the source will be overwritten ) . a quote from wikipedia : it is jokingly said that dd stands for " disk destroyer " , " data destroyer " , " death and destruction " , or " delete data " , since when used for low-level operations on hard disks , a small mistake , such as reversing the if and of ( input and output ) parameters , could result in the loss of some or all data on a disk . so please , be cautious .
with tasker you can automate this to have different screen time-out values depending whether or not your phone is connected to a power source : create a new profile and name it " screen timeout " . for context select State -> Power -> Power . select " any " for source and press the ok button . tap " new task " , name it " increase timeout " and tap the " ok " button . tap the + button to add a new action , select Display category , and then Display Timeout action . drag the sliders for " secs " , " mins " or " hours " to your desired values for when the phone is connected to a power source . tap the " ok " button , and then tap it again . long-press the " increase timeout " action and select Add Exit Task option . tap " new task " , name it " decrease timeout " and tap the " ok " button . tap the + button to add a new action , select Display category , and then Display Timeout action . drag the sliders for " secs " , " mins " or " hours " to your desired values for when the phone is running on battery . tap the " ok " button , and then tap it again . ensure the tasker is enabled by toggling it on ( switch at bottom-right corner ) and then tap the " ok " button . you should be all set . if you want to get fancy , you can add actions to both tasks to display toast messages .
install widgetsoid and add it is toggle widget Stay Awake on homescreen . just , turn it on and your screen will never timeout as long as the device is under voltage .
there is an option to keep your screen lit while charging , try : Settings -&gt; Developer Options -&gt; Stay Awake
you may want to try any power widget for eg . like this one . you can place the widget on your home screen and use the " always on " toggle to keep your phone always on during charging .
i do not believe this is the way google drive works . the app , if i am not mistaken , allows you to view ( and edit some google documents ) but maintains them in the cloud . while it does allow you to download them , it saves them to your download folder for local use only . you can choose photos you have taken from your gallery and upload them to google drive , but ( if i am not mistaken ) , there is no automatic folder syncing option . you can use google+ though . it automatically adds all your photos to a google+ album only you can see . given , not as easy as drive , but still a good auto-upload option . i do not know of an easy way to get them from there to a drive folder though :/ you can also use foldersync . it could sync folders with google docs , and still works after docs upgraded to drive , google drive is fully supported . just choose google docs when adding account in the app . in case , you do not want to pay , its [ free lite version ] [ 3 is also in play store , but with some limitations . thanks for the above goes to sachin shekhar .
using " bookmarks sort and backup " https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.happydroid.bookmarks you can copy your bookmarks from the default android browser to your /mnt/sdcard/bookmarksb/ directory . the filename will include a datetimestamp so you can easily tell which file you just created . they are regular bookmarks . html formatted netscape bookmarks files that can be imported into any browser or viewed in any browser . you can view the file with any file explorer app by opening the folder bookmarksb ( /mnt/sdcard/bookmarksb/ ) then open the file you just created with browser or any other browser . one way to copy the created file to your pc : you can use an app such as " 3cx droid " -- http://market.android.com/details?id=net.xdevelop.rm -- to download the file from your tablet to your pc . invoke 3cx droid on tablet , open the url in a browser on your pc i.e. http://192.168.0.xxx:8080 then in file explorer within 3cx droid viewed on your pc , open the folder on the tablet select your file , then use ' download ' on the 3cs droid file explorer menu which will save your file on the downloads folder used by your browser , the shortcut to view your downloaded files is probably " ctrl+j " on your pc . open the html bookmarks file fwiw if you were to import into another android browser that cannot sort bookmarks you would want to sort bookmarks in your default browser in reverse order before you export . rearranging bookmarks one bookmark at a time would be very tedious . this is assuming that import inserts them one at a time at the top of your bookmarks instead of at the bottom .
i had a htc desire hd and no problem connecting to my car radio ( sony xplod ) via the front usb port , provided the htc was set up to connect via ' disk drive ' . the problem i see with the s3 is that this ( or similar ) option does not exist . the radio sees the connection and tries to load but nothing happens . i could ( untried yet ) connect via the aux jack , but then i would need to cables instead of one . one step forward and 2 steps back .
i developed an app named soundabout to route audio is different scenarios . it has a media audio setting called " aux digital " that may help your situation .
yes and no . the fact that your galaxy s3 does not support mass storage mode means that you cannot play audio files stored on the s3 with the radio , like you could with a usb stick . ( if your car 's radio supports mass storage , that is . ) however , the other type of usb connection , allowing your iphone to be controlled by your car 's radio is an apple accessory connection . this is a protocol for communication between apple devices such as the ipod and iphone and accessories like your car 's radio . android currently does not support the apple accessory connection , but has it is own protocol for communication with usb accessories . it might be technically possible to create a solution for android to allow it to speak with apple accessories , but currently ( as far as i am aware ) no such solution exists .
maybe your memory can not access by your music system -- so try like this : when you plug in please check notification , may be your cell phone got in charging mode and mass storage is used by some other resource . so from notification disconnect logically your cell and then try to start play music with music play from mobile itself with connected music player system . hope it works .
as both eldarerathis and paul redert have mentioned , it seems that the usb port on your juke is designed to support two types of usb connection : 1 ) mass storage mode , where it reads an attached usb peripheral as a logical drive and searches for compatible media files , and 2 ) idevice accessory mode , where it attempts to communicate with and apple device over a proprietary protocol . cnet has an article from 2010 describing the different ways android phones can connect to a vehicle ( as of 2010 , of course ) . while most of it will tell you what you already know , i thought their compromise solution might be applicable : . . . during our testing of the 2010 acura tsx v-6 , we were able to pair our motorola droid via bluetooth for phone calls and pandora radio while using the usb port for charging . when we wanted to listen to locally stored audio , we simply mounted the usb connection and used the acuralink receiver to browse our folders . likewise , a user could do the same thing with a vehicle that has an auxiliary input and a usb connection , but no bluetooth . it is sounding like mass storage mode might not be an option for your sgsiii , but using the juke 's usb connection for power to offset the use of bluetooth for media might be a way to accomplish what you want . if you are worried about forgetting to turn off bluetooth , you could look at ways to instruct the phone to remember for you . my personal favorite is tasker , and setting up simple profiles for turning on and off bluetooth under specific conditions could be as simple as two one-line tasks .
the samsung galaxy siii does not have fastboot mode , unfortunately . instead there is a " download " mode for flashing with a proprietary windows/mac app called odin . ( source )
i have ended up installing mobile odin and just performing a recovery with the clockwork mod if the kernel kills the phone ( which is all i have managed to do so far ) thanks for your help
i suggest you ask carrier reps in the area you are concerned about , as i am not aware of another way to get the information you are asking for . as others have mentioned , there are many factors that go into how well a phone will pick up , let alone how it will pick up in a certain area/location . i used to work for verizon and this was a question we got a lot . what i can tell is that , at least for the location i worked at , we knew which phones picked up well and which ones did not . if we had customers that lived in the country/rural area there were certain phones we would try to steer them away from . however , if the customer was not going to be in the country then that same phone may have been fine . of course , as new phones launched we would eventually learn how they performed in different areas , so the information was constantly evolving . having to help technologically challenged customers troubleshoot signal issues was a great incentive to learn which phones worked the best ! certain phones gained reputations for being great or horrible when it came to signal . you did not want to sell an elderly customer a phone with bad reception unless you wanted them to pay you many angry visits in the near future ! all that is to say that you should spend some time asking people in the area who sell phones . i personally try not to venture into carrier stores too much , but this is one area where you may be able to get some help from carrier reps . dealing with as many phones as they do they are in a unique position to know which ones work the best in their area .
have you tried using appbrain http://www.appbrain.com/ it has all the apps from the android market but it also lets you push installs from your computer .
if you can download from your pc without stalling* , you can then copy the .apk over to your phone and open/install from the file-system . *q : how to initate android download in a pc browser ? a : i do not know , but it is possible for other markets , anyway )
quadrant and linpack are the two i use . linpack is purely for measuring cpu performance , whereas quadrant also takes into account i/o speeds , graphics performance , and the like .
mobile device manager might be a solution for you . you can find an introduction with screenshots and more on androidtapp . quoting : 3cx mobile device manager is a flexible and easy to implement service that allows a user to remotely manage , locate and administrate mobile devices . from the comfort of a web browser you can control multiple devices in a variety of ways . it’s a great option for network administrators who , in addition to swathes of desktop pcs and laptops to worry about , now also has to ensure the company’s smartphones and tablets are secure and up to date .
i try deleting all file associate with the app ( apk , settings , etc ) i can now install the app . seems like residue files are the culprit .
clearing logcat can not make any difference to your storage problem . the logcat output is stored in a ring buffer , so it has a fixed size , and the ring buffer only exists on ram : it is not written to the storage at all . see the frequent questions under the insufficient-memory tag for what to do when your phone storage is getting full .
launcherpro preferences notes : here 's one to get us started that i took from fede 's forum post . it opens up the launcherpro preferences screen . form fields : action : android . intent . action . main package name : com . fede . launcher class name : com . fede . launcher . launcherpreferencesactivity
after investigating the question i linked above , i found the following page ( translating from germain ) , where the authors determined that the majority of common android apps they tested did not send passwords in the cleartext : http://www.heise.de/mobil/artikel/sicherheit-von-apps-fuer-android-und-iphone-1103681.html?artikelseite=6 turns out this is not as helpful as gathrawn 's answer above ; i did not understand the full ramifications of cookies .
if you use the android web browser to access any sites that you have logged into and that do not use an ssl encrypted page while you are browsing them , then you should be very paranoid . have a read up about the firesheep add-on to firefox , it uses the fact that on an open , unencrypted wifi connection anyone can listen to anyone else who is connected 's network traffic . it listens out for cookies that other people 's laptops and phones send out while they are browsing , grabs those cookies and lets you use them to log into a vast list of websites as that person . it does not need to capture login names or passwords , so it does not matter if you are careful about not entering your password into anything over an open connection . all it needs is your cookie and then it can log someone else into your facebook , or gmail , or twitter , amazon ( they can even place one-click orders on your behalf ) etc . boingboing has slightly more on what this demonstrates about web security . the scary thing is that firesheep does not do anything magic . it just makes a process that anyone could do ( listening to open wifi traffic , and spotting the interesting bits ) and makes it one-click easy .
you can configure the default search engine for the address bar by going to chrome menu > settings > ( basics ) search engine . search the web
as afrazier also said i use sms backup+ to automatically backup my sms/mms and call log to gmail . this has the side benefit that it is very easy to access all your messages , etc and search through them when you are sitting at a pc . great for finding those directions that you know a friend sent you a few months ago ! i also use lifesaver every now and then , which does a one-click backup of your messages and calls to your sd card . it is very handy to get your history back if you change phones , or need to factory reset yours , or wipe it for any other reason ( like putting custom roms on ) .
i have used backitup pro successfully -- it is one of very few apps i have found that can backup/restore mms across roms . mybackup pro is another popular app . i have no experience with it personally though . titanium backup is very nice for a lot of things , but for call logs and sms , i am not sure it is portable across roms . it looks like it is simply backing up the sqlite dbs directly . there is a " data migration " option that is been added recently , but it looks like it is a pro-only feature . perhaps someone who is tried it can chime in with their experience . there is also call log backup and restore and sms backup and restore , which are free apps . they back up to xml files , so should be highly portable across roms . edit : i had a chance to test the " restore " features last night with my wife 's droid . i switched her from ruby 1.1.1 to cyanogenmod 6.1.0 , and took the opportunity to wipe her phone and start it fresh . the call log backup and restore and sms backup and restore apps worked perfectly . finally , there is sms backup+ , which copies sms/mms and calls logs to your gmail account .
titanium backup is probably the best . it can back up and restore data like smss and call logs . it can back up the apps themselves too , which is much easier than making a list ( or trying to remember ) and manually restoring them . there are others but i do not think any can compare to tb .
yes , you can set up multiple google accounts on your device and gmail will handle them with aplomb . you may have to have the play store account be the " main " account , just for ease of use , but you can easily add the account ( s ) where you have your email and/or calendar information . you can also selectively choose which account syncs gmail , calendar , etc .
as al e stated you can add multiple gmail accounts to the gmail app and set them to only sync the email . another option would be to open gmail in your browser .
you can try this : tap your device " home " button ; tap your device " menu " button ; tap " settings" ; tap " applications" ; tap " manage applications": look for the browsers in question , notice " launch by default " , with the caption stating " no defaults set " , make sure the button " clear defaults " is tapped , if it is disabled , it means its the only one in use . i.e. no other alternative app that handles the browser . repeat that for other browsers you may have . next time you launch the browser , a pop-up will appear with a choice , there is a check-box underneath , " make default " , tap that , and next time , the default browser of your choosing is used . this applies to other apps also that handles the flow of actions as well , such as an alternative to messaging , email , music etc .
well , though this problem is not very common , but some people may experiences this , most probably all internet users know the basic procedure how to do that but after try all common procedure , still if it not work or keep asking to make it default then its kinda frustrating . many issues may case a single symptom , so it could be harder to solved for most of computers users . so please try the flowing two steps simple solution , you no need bother about all the causes . check the browser whether it is working or not and if working but still asking to make it default then update or reinstall the browser and in that case you able to see ( if properly installed ) or will not see the browser in control panel-> default program-> set you default programs window . now if from browser setting " make it default button " still not working , do it from control panel-> default program-> set you default programs window . will work for sure . enjoy .
assume you are using the android file transfer program from http://www.android.com/filetransfer as that is the best way to transfer files on osx . if you just drag files into that directory it opens by default , the files might not show . on the " android file transfer " app choose the " download " directory which is the best place to store a file , then drag files into that directory . this directory is accessible by all programs that have access to the internal storage .
after new problems on other devices , i decided to reset my livebox . there is no problem anymore ! my phone can connect to the wifi : )
google reader allows choice of external program ( via intent ) to play audio .
from what i have read this is a known " issue " with the s4 . when using pin security you can not change any lock screen widgets either . if i was sure that my fitbit flex would continue to work with the s4 i would have flashed cyanogenmod onto my s4 ( they have been producing nightly versions for the s4 for a couple of weeks now ) .
to export keys from juicessh ( either private or public ) : load up juicessh and go to connections swipe right to the identities list long press the identity you want to export the key for select either " export public key " or " export private key " this will bring up a " share " dialog that will let you save the key to clipboard/gmail/dropbox etc . thanks paul ( juicessh developer )
to answer my own question - here 's a different approach to achieve this ( google-only contacts ) ensure all required android contacts are synced to google export the contacts to csv on a computer delete all contacts from the android ( that'll be both " phone " and " google" ) import the contacts from csv to google google will then sync to the phone kind of obvious in hindsight . hope this benefits the community in some way !
this is the procedure i use on my phone ; hope there is something similar for yours : on the samsung vibrant ( also android 2.1 ) when i open the contact , there is an entry for linked contacts that shows both the google contact and the phone contact ( and a sim contact if you have one ) . if you select that , you get a new screen showing the linked contacts ; each one has a - button next to it to unlink it from the others on that screen . go back to the main contacts list and you should have two entries for that contact -- delete the one with the phone icon next to it .
it refers to anything that is peculiar to the android platform or its software stack , any behavior , quirk , style , or ui thingy characteristic of android .
you cannot expand your ram to sdcard ! instead you could create swap space in sdcard . you could use applications like swapper from google play store . the device must be rooted to do that . swap space may not be as fast as ram .
the problem is that you ran adb as an underprivileged user . so when adb server starts , it does not have the permissions to run read/write to the device . first you have to kill the server , and then restart it as root : sudo adb kill-server sudo adb start-server Then you can run this as any user: adb devices 
what number are you using for your udev ? i wrote about my experiences with my htc sensation here : http://colinwren.com/using-your-htc-sensation-to-debug-android-apps-on-ubuntu-11-04-natty-narwhal-using-udev-and-adb/ as stated by aspitzer use sudo to start the adb server . also make sure you have got the correct device code . you can find this by using lsusb and looking at the code given here ( use the first 4 characters )
when i have experienced that , i have had to kill adb and restart it with sudo . you might have to sudo the rest of your adb commands as well .
for sure ! hopefully there are professional rom cookers at xda-developers that cook roms without any kind of bloatware . here are some articles that i recommend you to check before flashing a new rom : unlocking the bootloader updating firmware/flashing roms optional : a beginners guide to modding and tweaking the arc after you done all that you are good to go flashing a clean rom , my suggestions are : [ development ] - cm7.0.3 - free xperia project
i have done this and was a bit worried about the low internal memory that is left . i added the app " app2sd " from the marketplace and it looks at your apps and tells you which can be saved on the sd card instead of the internal memory . this has meant that almost all of my apps have now been moved onto the sd card , freeing up space in the memory for apps that can not be moved .
quite a few people dual boot nook colors ( internal vs sd card ) . take a look at this xda thread on running cm7 on the sd card ( for the nook color ) and this thread about booting from sd card performance . in short , it really depends on the read/write abilities of the sd card you use . a crappy sd card is going to give crappy performance . ( sorry for the specifics to nook color , but in general , it should be similar )
hey guys im running android on my sd card on the htc hd 2 without a single glitch but after trying out several builds of android . i finally got one that works just fine and i have not had any problems with it running on my sd card . performance and speed is super . all my mails are poped ( thats three mails ) . im really happy with it . and like bryan said it also depends on the read/ write speed of your sd card and he is right coz i had that exact problem i used a bad sd card till i got a proper one . so the sd card quality really daz matta too .
i installed nexushd yesterday on my hd2 with datatoext and must say , it is not slower but at least a bit faster than before , when i installed it only on nand ( internal space ) . but the performance depends on the class of the sd card . if you have an sdcard greater than class 6 you are good to go , beneath there , you should buy a better one ( 8gb class 10 is really cheap , even the top manufacturer ) . but you should format your card for that . to know how , use this tutorial : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=916464
for what i understand from your question , you have the android rom installed on the internal memory of your phone and you are running out of space . if this is the case , have you tried to partition the sd card and use some tool like s2e to increase the amount of available memory without moving the rom to the sd card ? in my case i have a phone with 512mb of internal rom and when i install a custom rom , it leaves me about 100mb to install applications . in order to increase this amount of available rom space for applications i partitioned the sd in 2 primary partitions , one 512mb ext3 and one fat with the rest of the space on the sd card . with the partitions and the phone rooted i installed an app called s2e that allows your phone to use the ext3 partition on your sd card to install applications . with this configuration i maintain the base system ( android and google applications ) on the main rom of the phone , while all other applications are installed on the ext3 partition of the sd card , giving me more room for applications and avoiding the inconvenient of having to move all the android system to sd card .
i have run android from nand and from the sd card . in general performance was better running from nand . however i was recently using american android on sd and performance was fine . sense based roms still seem to drag running from sd but non sense roms now seem ok . you can test it out without blowing away your current install . just download a magldr rom , put it in the android folder on the sd card , reboot into magldr and tell it to boot android from sd . also , use a quality sd card , not a no-name one . makes a big difference .
according to this article there is a dev over at xda by the name of darkstone1337 who built a custom rom built on android 2.2 which is designed to run entirely from a htc hd2 's ram . they claim it is super fast . i know it is not precisely what you are looking for , but i would read into that and give it a shot if you are so inclined .
you have already described correctly what that " master key vulnerability " is about . if your only source for new apps is google play , you are most likely on the safe side ; danger from this seems to be restricted to side-loading via unknown-sources . however : if you want to check whether your device is affected , there are several apps out there which promise to do this . e.g. belarc security advisor describes itself as checking for several hundred security flaws known on android ( including the master key ) . if the check is " positive " , there are also fixes available , like master key dual fix or the master-key security patch ( a module for the xposed framework ) .
to expand a bit on the previous ' no ' answers , it is not just the kernel , but the rest of the os which makes a big difference . applications developed for linux expect a certain set of libraries ( shared bits of code ) to exist and do what the application expects . they also sometimes expect a certain filesystem structure and other dependencies . not all linux distributions include the same libraries , filesystem layout , or have other differences . that is why you will often see linux applications distributed as a . tar . gz file with a script to compile it yourself ; that makes it a bit more cross-platform . some executables , like command-line utilities , can be cross-compiled to work on android because they do not have as many complex requirements as a big complex application like eclipse . android 's different enough that there are not ( yet ) straightforward ways to compile standard linux gui applications to work on it .
no is the short answer . the android os is built on the linux kernel . there are a lot of differences between the android os and the average linux distro , and some of these differences are critical to installing eclipse .
expanding a little bit on ben griffths answer and martin tapankov 's comment , no , you can not run eclipse on android because there is not a java runtime environment to run eclipse and there is not a build of the java development kit for android . although most android apps are written in java , android does not have a jre ; android uses dalvik which is a completely different runtime .
yes and no . you can not install eclipse on honeycomb but there is an app on the play market called aide which allows you to edit , create , compile and run android applications .
yes you can . install a regular linux distro on your android along side whichever androidos you have and run whatever linux apps you want : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.dyndns.sven_ola.debian_kit
best bet , look into running chrooted linux off of your honeycomb tablet ( i know it can be done on the motorola xoom - http://www.offensive-security.com/backtrack/backtrack-5-on-a-motorola-xoom/ ) . basically its just an arm build of that linux distro running on your xoom . once in that environment install whatever traditional linux stuff you want . the arm version of backtrack is on the website , its a info security linux distro so theres lots of tools i use at work . anyway , happy hunting , i know eclipse can be setup in backtrack so less work for you to go , it might even be in the apt-get repo for it as well .
easiest way to install eclipse on android is to install a virtual ubuntu on your android device
that is a very interesting question ! since sooner or later we will be running android on our desktops . if you want eclipse run on android , you will need to compile all its dependencies . linux kernel is not a problem . and even porting eclipse 's java codebase to run in dalvik is not a problem . the problem is eclipse 's ui . eclipse ui is build with swt - an amazing toolkit that enables native look of a java program on many plaforms . to start with , you will have to port swt on android . http://www.eclipse.org/forums/index.php/mv/msg/246310/736679/#msg_736679 afaik , there is currently no plans to port swt on android . so , the only easy solution to this is running both linux distro and android at the same time . this can be done with " any linux distro built for arm"+chroot+vnc .
no . as you might know , eclipse has various problems running in different flavors of linux ( which is why ubuntu has an official repository version of it , and all that ) . android is even worse -- while based on linux , it is a completely different operating system . a similar question would be , " is is possible to install a *nix version of eclipse in mac os ? "
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.zpwebsites.linuxonandroidhl=en check out this link , its possible to install linux on android maybe you might be able to install eclipse linux version via this method ? although you need root access to be able to install it
i do not think so . usually repartitioning solves this kind of issue , so it is strange that the reverse was true . i have seen recommendations that you should do a factory reset before and after flashing a new rom , so you might want to try that .
system apps can not be installed without root . only updates to existing system apps can be installed , and they do not actually reside in the /system partition ; the original app is kept there , which allows you to uninstall updates separately . so a factory reset will remove any updates , but not the original app .
the lockerpro app was reseting my screen lock time to 15 seconds . ( the android system should offer a way to check who is changing the system settings )
methods i know of : use a carrier/manufacturer tool such as odin for some samsung phones ( i have done this -- it is easily the most feasible method ) . it connects to the phone and writes to the phone storage when the phone is in download mode . a knowledgeable person could probably write their own tool as well . sign the update . zip file , so that the recovery/bootloader thinks its an official update . that is really the only way most phones can distinguish them ( not sure if an encrypted bootloader makes it harder ) . " has anyone actually done this ? " that i do not know -- it is probably incredibly difficult to fake , but realistically someone could gain access to the signing software . use a jig ( an electronic setup that connects directly to parts of the device ) to write directly to the storage . imagine the phone as a pc where the bios prevents writing to the hard drive -- if you do not boot up the computer , the bios can not interfere , so you could just take out the drive and write to it with something else . chips are just not as removable as drives , hence the jig . this would probably require custom software to do the writing , again possibly taken from the manufacturer . and if you do not overwrite the bootloader you might run into problems depending on what checks it does , i am not sure . at a previous job ( a phone manufacturer ) they used a similar tool to odin to replace the bootloader , sometimes with one that did not require the roms to be signed . access to a tool like that makes a lot of problems go away .
indeed - there are a few but i would recommend rolf 's agenda widget . lots of options and highly configurable . scrolling support is present , although the launcher must support scrollabel widgets like adw / lpp / golauncher do .
the bbc released statements about their support for android with iplayer back in june : bbc iplayer on mobile : a new version and adobe flash 10.1 streaming on all android 2.2 phones and bbc iplayer on android update . this all boils down to saying that their current strategy for mobiles is to offer a mobile optimised version of their flash site , and not to create individual apps for every smartphone out there . i am also a flash-less fan of bbc radio and tv ( though in a better position than you as my manufacturer and carrier have announced that 2.2 is coming very soon ) , i had beebplayer on my previous android phone and it is sorely missed now . for the moment i just subscribe to the podcasts of the shows i am interested in ( and luckily most of mine are available as podcasts ) using the google listen podcast app , this does have the benefit that they work without cutting out while i am on the tube ! edit : going through the comments on some more recent articles on the bbc internet blog i have discovered an app called myplayer it seems to offer access to ( as far as i can tell ) the full iplayer tv and radio library with both streaming and downloads for later viewing/listening . picture quality does not seem quite as good as i remember from beebplayer , so presumably its using a different stream . anyway it is there and seems to work , grab it before " aunty " spots it ! newer edit : the bbc have released an official iplayer app , called bbc iplayer though this is really just a flash wrapper around the mobile version of the website and does require a wifi connection before it will play most content .
it sounds like you need a podcatcher . i use beyondpod which costs $7 but there are many free ones in the market ( try searching the market for podcast or podcatcher ) . it will allow you to subscribe to a specific bbc show 's podcast feeds then download or stream each episode . this works with audio and video ( although i do not think bbc supports video podcasts anymore ) . i subscribe to several bbc radio podcasts including " the interview " and " one planet " and there is one annoying quirk i have noticed : unlike many other podcast providers , the bbc only offers the most recent show for download . you can not download old shows , but once you get set up you can have you podcatcher automatically download each episode and then you can get several weeks behind but have ll the episodes downloaded to your phone .
i have not tried it , but perhaps tunein radio will do what you want ? it appears to be internet streams of actual radio stations , i am sure you can find one that streams bbc . they have a listing of stations here by location : http://radiotime.com/region/c_0/browse_locations.aspx
here 's a thought . block all incoming calls , except for ones with your gv number . set your gv cid to gv number , then use gv call screen function to tell who is calling . note , though , callers will only be asked for their name , if they call from a number not in your google contacts . as a side note , thinking of setting my fiance phone to this , as her sister will not use gv , thus eating up her minutes .
not blocking per se , but depending on your carrier you can have your regular number always forward to your google voicemail . some information here : http://www.google.com/support/voice/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=164652 and here : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/voice/thread?tid=00a93855af6943b4
i suppose one way to do this would be with a general call blocking app . i use mr . number call block on my phone , and you could set it up with the following rules : block all calls add your gv number as an exception to the blocking rule that should allow you to basically block all calls that do not originate from you gv number . the downside to this would be that blocked calls would not get forwarded through gv 's call service , but rather would get sent to voicemail ( or you could choose to have it automatically answer-> hang up to block the calls completely ) . for outgoing calls you should just be able to use the settings in the gv app . my evo has an option do use gv for all outgoing calls , though i am not sure if other phones do , to be honest .
it sounds to me like a syncing problem of some kind . i have on occasion read examples of people having different sync problems with the droid 2 . if all your sync settings are set correctly as i outlined in the comments above and you are still having problems you can try the following . some of them involve setting up and using another google account . im not recommending that you abandon your google account , they are just steps to finding the problem . you can always switch back later : clear the calendar 's data . . . from the home screen : Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage Applications &gt; Calendar - click " clear data " and " clear cache " if it is not grayed out . Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage Applications &gt; Calendar Storage - click " force stop " then " clear data " and " clear cache " if it is not grayed out . Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage Applications &gt; Calendar - click " force stop " then " clear data " and " clear cache " if it is not grayed out . now open the calendar . you may need to set it up again . if that does not work then move on to . . . add a second google account . . . from the home screen go to Menu &gt; Setttings &gt; Accounts &amp; Sync and choose " add new account " and go through the steps to add another google account and then sync that accounts calendar . see if that one can reliably work . also , see if your original calendar is working right now . now try removing the 2nd account and see if the original is working . if that does not work then . . . reset the primary google account . . . check out this post . first try resetting it and using the same info , then try changing it to a different google account . if that does not work . . . reset back to the factory state . . . perform a hard reset then set everything up from scratch . i do not really know what else to do if that does not work . alternative calendars . . . for alternative calendars i have tried touch calendar and pocket informant . i have not tested them extensively but i have not seen any problems . that being said , i do not have any problems with the native calendar . also , i have read that users do experience sync problems with both of those apps so i think it is going to be a matter of trial and error for you to find an alternative that works .
you might want to take a look at sharegps : sharegps allows you to use your mobile 's gps just as you would an external one for your pc . it has the ability to send gps status strings out over bluetooth using virtual com ports and over usb using tcp ports . then you can use your favorite mapping program such as google earth to display current gps position and to produce tracks . ( emphasis is mine ) there is a user 's guide available explaining how to set it up on a linux or windows system . if your notebook is a mac , there is nothing said on that here . there is also a thread over at the xda developers about simultaneous wifi-direct and gps-via-usb tethering which might be worth a look ( even if it is only for the gps-via-usb part for you ) . if you wonder what that might use for the gps part -- umm , above mentioned sharegps it seems . so this might count as an additional how-to for that said solution .
go to wi-fi settings first forget the network in " advanced " settings choose " static ip " enter following ip adress= ( ipv4 address , ten digit number , when entering put different last digit ) gateway= ( ipv4 default gateway ) netmask= 255.255.255.0 dns 1= 208.67.222.222 dns 2= 208.67.220.220 use a computer connected to the network/router to find ipv4 address/gateway http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipcq8slo7ly
finally i found a solution for this . when i was stuck on obtaining ip address i was using static ip using google dns 8.8.8.8 today i was trying to install android on my pc ( vmware ) and i found something in there and tried the same trick on my tablet and voila it worked . so i do not know who solved this trick but i want to share my solution here . which is /etc/init.sh or init.goldfish.sh edit this file using any text editor using root permissions . add these lines netcfg eth0 up ( activates the network interface ) netcfg eth0 dhcp ( network interface gets an ip address from dhcp ) setprop net.dns1 8.8.8.8 ( set the google dns server )
here are the details for us non-nerdy guys with a belkin router that usually has an ip of 192.168.2.1 ; others differ like 192.168.1.2 , etc . settings wi-fi hold down desired wi-fi network in advanced settings , put check mark into box change ip from dhcp to static scroll down and set for ip : 192.168.2.55 or 56 57 58 59 , etc . scroll down and set for gateway : 192.168.2.1 scroll down and set for prefetch : 11 ( usually 24 ) scroll down and set for dns 1: 208.67.222.222 scroll down and set for dns 2 . 208.67.220.220 click save
" obtaining ip address " message means that your device has automatically reconnected to the ap . most likely than not the problem is on the pc side .
dolphin browser hd has the ability to save the current site that you are viewing : More -&gt; Save Site 
there is a tutorial on how to activate offline voice typing on jelly bean which you could follow . here 's an excerpt : open the system settings of the device . go to language and placing . make a tap on voice search . now do a tap on download ricon . voc . offline . with a swype moved all tab and select your language , it will begin the download of the package . eventually the card installed will appear . now you should be able to use voice input in offline mode . just in case , here are several additional howtos : how to : enable offline voice typing in all jelly bean android devices download and install google now with voice search ( stable version ) on galaxy s3 . from the first " additional link " , the description looks a bit different : go to settings go to languages and input check if the language is selected as english ( us ) . if not , then set it . in the inputs , look if the option google voice typing is checked . if not , then check it . select the gear icon beside the google voice typing . this will take you to the voice typing settings . in the choose input language , uncheck automatic and select english ( us ) . below , in the download offline speech recognition option , select english ( us ) . after the download completes , close the settings . go anywhere for typing , like messaging . select the little gear icon in the bottom left area . this will give the option of selecting voice typing . speak out your words clearly and the device will type it out even if internet connection is inactive . you should be able to do this with other languages as well ( e . g . english ( uk ) ) -- just make sure they match in all places .
if those problems started right away after the update : did the update process include a factory-reset ? if not ( and nothing else helps ) , this might be your chance : backup all things you can backup ( luckily on jb that is not too big an issue , see full backup of non-rooted devices -- but i recommend to have all your apps into separate packages , as otherwise a full restore might bring back your problems ) . then do a factory-reset . before restoring anything , check if your problems are gone . then restore your apps one-by-one ( just to make sure to not bring back the problem ) . as for the backup process : check with helium - app sync and backup , this is the easiest way to go . you can mark all your apps , make sure to check that .apk files are included ( by default , helium only backups data ) , and give it a go . helium creates separate backup archives per-app , so you can restore them separately . make a copy of the backup folder to your pc , just in case -- if restoring via helium should fail for any reason , this still gives you the chance to use adb restore via usb . background : it might very well be that some settings got messed up on update . a factory-reset will erase all your apps and data , plus the dalvik-cache ( optimized app code -- this might be the culprit if it does not 100% match the new android version ) , so all settings revert to " default " . your android system rom ( jellybean ) will not be reverted to what you had before , so no worries for that : )
you can not . and you should not . samsung 's proprietary touchwiz interface , has the hability to change fonts that are distributed as apk files and can be installed like any other app . i am not aware of any other manufacturer that integrated this feature into their device . it is also a bad idea to change the fonts . if they have different x-height parts of the letters may get cut . they may not have some special characters that the system or an app expects so boxes or nothing will show up in it is place . legibility can also be an issue . there are fonts that do not have any of these issues , but they are rare and are mostly the same type as the system font , so you will not notice much improvement .
i know this is a low tech answer but i have had this happen before , normally due to screen smudge from fingers or liquid splash/residue on the screen . give the screen a good clean ( use cloth from a pair of glasses ) and see if problem persists . failing that shut down , remove battery and leave for 5 mins just incase it is a charge/capacitance issue .
after flashing please wipe data cache and dalvic cache .
the good new is your phone is not bricked , so yes , you can still fix it . just enter download mode again and flash with odin one more time . to enter download mode you have to : power off your phone press and hold volume down + home + power buttons at the same time . press volume up button when warning prompt .
sdk : adb shell getprop ro . build . version . sdk complete list : adb shell getprop through the package manager : adb shell pm list features
firstly , it is not an official update . secondly , to fix this error you need boot your phone into recovery mode ( press power + volume up + home ) . after that , move the cursor down to " wipe data/factory reset " and select " ok " ( yes to all ) . then select " wipe cache partition " and " ok " ( yes to all ) . finally , select " reboot system now " .
i do not think you have installed update provided by samsung . i am samsung s ii plus owner in india and i didnt get any ota update yet . this problem might be due to corrupted rom . roll up to the previous rom it'll work cheers !
i would suggest you to go back to 4.1.2 using odin and then try to update back to 4.2.2 . here is the link to the official 4.1.2 rom http://hotfile.com/dl/201564582/e4fdddc/samsung-updates.com-gt-i9105-inu-i9105ddamc2-1363593737.zip.html
the play . google . com link you post is the correct form for linking to an app , and it is the documented solution recommended by google .
it might be worth a try to install android ide ( aide ) - to quote a brief summary : aide is an integrated development environment ( ide ) for developing real android apps directly on android devices . aide supports the full edit-compile-run cycle however , typing on a device might make it cumbersome unless its a tablet form factor with bluetooth keyboard attached to save the pain in typing . edit as per @izzy 's comment below , terminal ide is another such app , this one points to google play store , however i got a 500 error trying to access the page below within the comment ! cheers for that \o/
lightest way is to not install anything at all and simply use a website , such as ideone .
it is possible that the problem is in your battery more precisely in battery controller . there are a few possible solutions : try recalibrating your battery . try removing /data/system/batterystats . bin . put somebody 's battery inside ( if you know somebody with the same model ) and look how phone works . if it works fine with somebody 's battery then just buy new one .
while connected via usb , you will notice a usb icon on notification bar . drag the notification bar down , you will see a " usb connection " item . click it . select " none " or " nothing " ( i am not sure about the option name in english , because my motorola milestone is in portuguese ) .
apparently the winamp app has an Enable auto-mount setting that is by default set to true . problem resolved .
whenever you root your device , you are adding root access to the current os . if you just perform the factory reset , it will retain root ( as this just deletes user data ) , but if you restore the stock image , it will completely wipe the os and will put the system back as htc intended it ( which would remove root ) . you would then need to re-root the device .
use adb on a computer while your device is in recovery . to copy a file from the computer via usb , use this : adb push /path/to/local/ROM.zip /sdcard/  this will copy the local file to the device in the specified location . directories can be created on the device via the shell : adb shell  and using the usual shell commands to navigate around and create directories . this beginners guide may also help you . you might also consider getting a usb otg adapter . this way you had be able to put the files you need on a usb drive , plug it into your n10 , and flash the files you need . i do it this way on my n7 with twrp all the time so that i can erase everything on it without worrying .
have you tried wugfresh 's nexus root toolkit ? it should be able to do that .
speaking of gparted , i assume you have a linux computer available . so steps to be performed are quite simple -- speaking of an external sdcard : unmount the card from your android device , and take it out put it into a card reader , attach it to your linux computer . mount it there . copy all contents into an empty directory on your linux machine . from the command line , you can use the cp command for that to ensure everything is copied : cp -a &lt;/path/to/source&gt; &lt;/path/to/target&gt; ( replace &lt;/path/to/source&gt; with where you have mounted the card , and &lt;/path/to/target&gt; with your empty directory 's path ; for details on the cp command , run man cp or see its man-page on the net ) optional : check that everything was copied fine . if there were no errors displayed in the previous step , it should have worked fine . if your card has multiple partitions containing data , repeat the previous two steps for each of them . use gparted ( or whatever tool of your preference ) to drop and re-create partitions as needed , and re-create the file systems repeat steps 3-5 , reverting source and target ( to get your data back on the sdcard ) unmount your sdcard , safely remove it from the computer , put it back into your android device , and enjoy ! if everything went fine , and all data is available on your device as hoped , optionally remove the " backup directories " created in step 3 . job done : )
my current guess is that the script took a lot of cpu time because it uses a very inefficient way of calculating the log file length , which is to read the entire log file to memory and use length . this should not have been much of an issue if the log file is small , but since you said that log file 's current size is more than 50mb , this shows that the log file is not getting trimmed properly . another concerning issue is that init scripts are supposed to only run once at startup , but this script is obviously being run periodically . if my guess is correct , you may be able to fix this temporarily by deleting the log file , but eventually the slow down will occur again when the log file is filled again . check if you have the latest version of your rom , maybe it is fixed in the latest version ? otherwise if it is an unmaintained rom , you will need to figure out a way to fix the script .
my not-so-great solution ended up like this : clockworkmod , installed with odin according to the instructions ( odin seems to be slightly un-official so you are unfortunately always downloading from someone 's box or google drive , which is a bit uncomfortable ) adb shell , ( on pc : install java sdk , install android development kit ) mount the sd card with cwm in the shell , using dd to clone the unmountable partitions i wanted onto the sd , for later recovery using cwm to mount the sd as a usb drive , moving the piece-of-partition to the pc repeat download fresh firmware from sammobile and flash with odin still to do : mount the partitions and go hunting for data there
as you have already figured , a built-in solution is : open the contacts app on the " old device " in menu → import/export , chose to export copy the resulting 0001.vcf file to your " new device " on the new device , open the contacts app and chose to " import " from menu → import/export hint : take care there is enough free space available on the " exporting " device ( file might get large , as contact pictures are stored inside it as well ) . you might not always get a warning when storage runs full , but instead end up with some " incomplete export " , which then cannot be imported on the other end . now for the second part : why did not they sync automatically ? first , there are a few different " storages " to be considered : on sim google contacts these two are available on all devices . depending on device and rom , there might be additional " storages " , e.g. exchange pc suite assuming you are speaking of google 's sync : that only takes care for google contacts . as the pc suite would only cater contacts in pc suite to sync them with its desktop counterpart , and exchange would not care for anything but exchange contacts ( you would not want your personal contacts appearing in your company 's address books , would you ? ) . sim contacts are a very special case : nothing cares to sync them anywhere . i am not even sure whether import/export is touching them . so as parts of your contacts have been stored as " lg pc suite contacts " , these have not been sync'd with google ( and your " google contacts " not with lg suite ) , which explains the miss .
yes , an ebook from android market ( in google books ) has a different format from the kindle . it would seem that you can obtain google books in either epub or pdf ( more information here ) . amazon books are in the azw format . this comes down to personal preference . i have read books on both google books and kindle on my xoom ; i see little to no difference in quality . both can sync to my phone to keep my place . since you have a kindle fire , perhaps sticking in the amazon ecosystem would be a good idea , since you may wish to un-root in the future . there are a lot of pdf readers ; just recently the kindle software was updated to read pdfs . i personally use ezpdf pro for pdf files because of speed and its ability to remember my location in pdf files from read to read . this again , would be personal preference ; however i have loaded mobi into the kindle app without problems . the book acted like any other i had in regards to reading ( except it did not sync across devices and had to be manually uploaded to each of them ) . i would suggest looking at this question as well for more information on ereaders . so , the kindle app does what you want it to do overall ( books , pdfs , and mobi ) and also is a major part of the kindle fire amazon ecosystem they have setup for the device ; and may be the way to go if you decide to revert your fire to its un-rooted state . edit ( addition ) : amazon also seems to like releasing updates that un-root your device ( and prevent further known rooting methods - for now ) . source states that unless you have changed roms , you are susceptible at any time on wifi to get the update .
do a system wipe and reinstall . this significantly sped up my sensation .
i have to agree with gathrawn , that using gmail to transfer your contacts and calender items is probably the best way . but there is an imho easier solution to get your data from the nokia phone to gmail : nokia 's mail for exchange together with google sync . google provides a couple of help topics to get you going .
by far the easiest way to transfer anything contacts related to an android phone is via gmail . when i moved from an old nokia phone to my android htc magic about a year ago , i downloaded and installed the nokia suite of tools for my phone from the nokia website , installed them , copied my contacts into the nokia suite app on the pc , then did an export from the nokia suite contacts app to a csv file . i remember seeing the noklia-only nbu format as an optin , but if you are in the contacts-only part of the suite it should also allow the csv export ( as this is also the easiest way to do a one-off import to other apps like outlook ) . at that point you can go into gmail , click the contacts link , then at the top you should see an " import " option , use that to upload your csv file . all that you should lose from this is the contact 's photos , but you can easily back up your contact 's photos from the nokia suite , and then just upload them to gmail one by one , or alternatively let android on the phone sync with facebook , etc and pull the contacts photos from there itself . you might find that if you already had some people in your gmail address book that you will have a few duplicates now , just tick the relevant contacts in gmail and select " merge these contacts " . for content , such as photos or music , which are probably just files on the nokia 's sd memory card , the easiest way is to attach the phone to a pc , select data storage/transfer mode on the phone , then open the sd card drive on the pc , drag all the relevant files onto the pc , then attach android phone , mount sd card and drag all the content into the relevant folders on the android 's sd card . as for messages , do you mean sms/mms text messages ? as far as i know there are not easy ways to transfer those between phone os 's at all ( unless you are already doing something like sync'ing them to gmail ) .
samsung create an app called samsung smart switch mobile , it support transfer data from nokia to samsung mobiles . you can have a try although your phone is not samsung . wondershare software named mobiletrans also can transfer data from nokia to android . they can both transfer contacts , messages , photos and videos to android .
b1 free archiver works good for unzipping files and password protected files . how to uncompress a password protected zip file ? it is very simple , just tap two times on your archive and enter the password .
try archidroid and it will do your job . . . it extracts password-protected rar , zip , tar , gzip , bzip2 and 7zip files . . . amazingly it is free . . . other apps did not work for me but this one works like a charm : )
install dual file manager . this program lets you unzip password protected files .
from the homescreen , go to menu , then edit . this brings you to an overview of configured home screens . long-press the one you want to remove , and drag it to the trashbin which appears . continue until only 3 screens are left . similarly , if you want to add more screens , there is one " screen " with a plus-sign ( "+" ) in the same place . tap that one , and you will get an additional screen .
check to see if " system settings / developer options / stay awake " is checked . it is intended to give exactly that behavior ( "screen will never sleep while charging" ) .
check your apns . this might help : http://www.htc.com/mea-en/supportviewnews.aspx?dl_id=949news_id=654 note : apns are provider specific , the linked walkthrough covers ksa mobily postpaid subscribers , but if you google search : ( your provider ) apn settings , it will turn up what you need and then just substitute those values for the ones in the walkthrough . good luck !
i would bring the phone to your carrier 's local store . if a different sim card from the same carrier works , then it is possible that your sim card is damaged or corrupted . the carrier may need to replace it for you . keep in mind that some carriers ( or authorized reseller outlets ) will charge you for this .
you can compare what your phone had with the emulator for your android version . the emulator is a pristine android , with no manufacturers modifications . it is arguable whether google-branded applications ( which are not included in the emulator ) , are stock apps or not ; but afaik google-branded apps are usually not modified by manufacturers since they were not open source and also google-branded apps are updated regularly by the market .
it is a tough one to answer , as i am not sure what version of android you are running , and you have stated it may be a clone . method 1: open " settings " find " motion " and tap on it scroll down the menu and tap on " sensitivity setting " open " gyroscope calibration " place device on a level surface and tap calibrate method 2: download ' g-sensor ' from the samsung apps store pre-installed on your device . here is a weblink . method 3: download bubble level from the google play store , this has a calibration option also .
update : bluestacks android app player now has a ms surface pro tablet - optimized version bluestacks android emulator has now finally arrived to windows 8 ( no rt version currently available ) , and works like an absolute charm on windows 8 pcs , notebooks and ultrabooks alike . bluestacks for windows 8 supports an elegant interface and runs in full screen mode by default . the application is also fully optimized for the 1920 x 1080 hd display of surface pro . bluestacks for windows 8 is perhaps the most interesting application to hit the os so far . it’s a significant boost to the otherwise lukewarm offerings of windows store . bluestacks works on all variants of windows 8 , but not on windows rt . testing was carried out on windows 8 pro 64-bit . http://www.bluestacks.com/ the above extract was taken from an article entitled " bluestacks android app player now has a surface pro-optimized version " was written for addictive tips by waqas ahmed on 13th february 2013 . for more in depth info : http://www.addictivetips.com/windows-tips/bluestacks-android-app-player-now-has-a-surface-pro-optimized-version/
you could , but without support it would be difficult . android does not 100% support for all apps on intel/amd processors as well as this , you would have to write a kernal / kernel object to support the specific hardware of the device . this can be quite difficult if propriety information is unavailable . you would be better to ask at http://forum.xda-developers.com and ask if someone has ported android to your device , or a device you would be wanting to buy .
the vast majority of devices are not capable of supporting both oses . however , you can try android x86 on non-arm tablets ; i have tried it on my windpad and it works . it is just like dual-booting with linux . probably the most significant limitations are that some hardware is unlikely to work , as driver support is not comprehensive .
if you are running on android 4 . x : go to settings -> backup and reset -> turn off " back up my data " if you are running on android 2 . x : go to settings -> accounts and sync -> select your account and turn off backup and sync
first , make sure that your contacts from your old phone were saved as google contacts . you can do that by going to : http://www.google.com/contacts from any computer and login in with the google account you used on your old phone . if your contacts are there - you are in luck . just add this google account to your new phone and the contacts will be synced .
yes , it will be there just login with your google id and check the contacts app
yes to both of your questions . once you attempt to sync your phone to gmail , it should ask you if you want to import contact from your google account . that said , if you exported your contacts from your previous phone , then you will be able to retrieve them on any android device .
ouch . . . so , i am unclear on what exactly you meant by " took a backup " . . . this sounds like a google play services mismatch - either mismatched with the android version you are running or different app versions installed . i am gonna need more info to troubleshoot it , but just a couple shots in the dark here : play service and store do not like being messed around with . just , in general . that is why they are usually installed via a recovery zip file . if you moved the latest version of play store ( vending.apk ) and play services ( gms.apk ) from userspace to /system/app , that is most likely what caused this . hopefully , you backed up the versions in /system/app . the play apps usually rely on library files ( . so files ) , which are sometimes updated in userspace . you are probably getting a mismatch between those . if you backed up the previous copies , recovering from this is simple . just restore the backups . if you did not , this may be more difficult . what device are you on ? also , what android version , and are you running stock or a custom rom ? ( if you do not know the answer , you are probably on stock )
a family member also has the same device , and also uses hangouts , so i was able to copy the apn information from him . for any future reference , i got mms to work again by adding these recods to the google hangouts apn list . name : lte - verizon cbs mmsc : http://mms.vtext.com/servlets/mms mms proxy : not set mms port : not set mcc : 311 mnc : 480 and name : ehrpd - verizon cms mmsc : http://mms.vtext.com/servlets/mms mms proxy : not set mms port : not set mcc : 311 mnc : 480
i just turned the text to grey so if the background is white or black , i can see the text . you have to open an email and click menu . there is the option Change font colour , middle one is grey .
by default , the email background colour is set in black and the font colour in white . i have the problem with no text in white background for my exchange server and windows live emails , but after changing the email background colour to white and the font colour to black when i received the email with no text in white background , the problem has since gone away .
i think i have found the solution to this . within settings -> power saving there is a setting for background colour for email and internet . turning this off seems to have solved my issues . my sanity has now returned !
i am also having this problem ( or something similar ) but as i don’t currently have the device i haven’t tried changing the colours yet . as far as i can tell the problem is not random . it seems to only happen on emails that have been received after the device has been setup with the exchange profile . if you delete your exchange profile from the device , then set it up again , after re-syncing you will notice that you can now read the unreadable emails from previous syncs . you will also notice that this problem occurs on any new emails you receive after setting up the device . do you know what version of exchange you are using ? i have got exchange 2010 . i am afraid i dont have a solution , but if anyone reading this does please answer this thread !
turning off other processing features , like face recognition , may also improve performance . . . though at the expense of other benefits .
i think that if you tap on the screen to set a place for the focus , you will gain some seconds for the effective shoot . it is also allow you to focus on a special part of the picture . i hope it is help .
if your contacts are stored on a sd card you may have a faulty sd card . try moving your contacts to the device storage or sync them to your google contacts .
tap on the contact icon or colored letter according to the starting letter of your mail sender and select multiple mails that you want to delete it !
disclaimer : this is based on the stock email app on a samsung galaxy s4 . if you click on an email quickly , it opens that email . if you long-press on an email , it selects that email without opening it . then if you click another email , it also selects that . now , you have two selected emails . you can then click the delete button to delete both emails .
just swap your launcher . you can use go launcher
this might help : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1138791 you would need to have your phone rooted for this hack . it is for xperia play , but would work on other xperias , as i have done this before on my xperia arc s successfully .
with the built-in " share " menu , that is not possible afair . however , there are alternatives available – i know of two : appchooser and andmade share : appchooser ( list view / grid view ) and andmade share ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) i am using the paid variant of appchooser , and am quite happy with it . as above screenshots show , you can sort the list alphabetically . you can also hide items you do not need ( they still show up if you select " all " at the bottom ) . if you did not order them alphabetically , items are listed in a " last recently used " manner – which keeps your frequently used apps at the top of the list automatically . works great , i am using this for quite a while now . andmade share has a paid variant as well . in the third screenshot above you can see its advantage : you can sort your list manually as you like . which one to chose , is rather a matter of taste : ) both hook into the " share intent " – so on your first " share " after installing one of them , you will be asked whether to use the built-in share menu or your new alternative . i did so , and made appchooser pro the " always use " default variant – never regretted that or turned it back : )
it is not quite as seamless , but the ssh binary provided by busybox ( mine , at least ) supports the -i flag , so you can put the key wherever you want and use that : ssh -i /path/to/key_file joeuser@somehost.com  the relevant man page entry for -i ( with the caveat that the information about the default path may not be the same on android ) :
install and run connectbot ( a dedicated ssh client ) . tap/press menu key . from the menu , tap Manage Pubkeys . on next screen , again press/tap menu key . from the menu , tap Import .
try seeing if you can login when you are in safe mode . boot into safe mode by holding down the power button to open the menu , then hold down the power-off button , and click " ok " when it asks you to reboot into safe mode . then attempt to login once the phone restarts , and re-enable the virtual keyboard . hope this helps .
as long as your android device supports usb keyboards at all , any usb keyboard will work . many android devices do not support working as a usb master device ( due to hardware limitations ) , but running android on a raspberry pi should work fine as its usb ports are fully-featured .
it has nothing to do with what app you are using – on android the screenshot key-combination works globally , no matter if you are on your homescreen , in the settings , or in a game . however , the global key-combination can vary from device to device , depending how the manufacturer implemented it . like you mentioned : normally that combination would be vol-down+power . but samsung uses ( at least on the galaxy s2 ) the combination home+power , where home is the big iphone-like button in the center below your screen . press both those keys simultaneously and hold it for about a second .
you should go to mcafee settings there is an uninstall option somewhere in the settings , on pressing that mcafee will ask you if you would like to remove it from device administrators , continue with the uninstallation from there . and , for your immediate issue , i think your device has got a serious virus/malware or may even have been hacked , which is causing remote control by someone ( i do not know if i am exaggerating a bit ) . so firstly try killing all the network connections , manually remove sim card ( if your device has it ) and turn off the wifi router and then observe if those issues persist . if issues persist factory reset your device , but prior to it take a backup of all data ( or i think you should not because it will carry the malware with it so do accordingly ) .
finally success tried above steps . trying to connect a nexus 7 to win7-64 . the device in the computer management/device manager/portable devices , used to say nexus 7 , now it says mtp usb device and has the ! with this device cannot start . ( code 10 ) . http://pcsupport.about.com/od/findbyerrormessage/a/code-10-error.htm essentially , this means uninstalling all devices and reinstalling them . i did that with my three other devices and the nexus7 . there was a usb hub that had those three plugged in , so i just unplugged the whole hub . replugged nexus7 to usb , it found it ( when i went to disk management and did a rescan ) . once nexus7 was recognized , i plugged the hub back in and all was well again .
what worked for me ( on windows ) was : plug the nexus 7 into your computer with the usb cable . open device manager : start -> run ( or win + r ) , type in : devmgmt.msc and hit enter . this opens up the device manager . find " android composite adb device " near the top and expand the node . double click on the device . ( note : sorry , i do not see it anymore so it might be named slightly differently . ) in the properties window that pops up , uninstall the driver . you should choose to delete the current driver as well . unplug the tablet and plug it back in . at this point mine got recognized as a nexus 7 instead of an android adb device and allowed me to transfer files again . i am not sure how this will affect debugging ( especially if you delete the old driver ) but it worked for me after days of searching .
try enabling usb debugging in developer options . it worked for me .
i kept on getting " this device cannot start . ( code 10 ) . " and after hours of repeatedly reinstalling drivers all it took to fix the problem was rebooting the actual phone . in summary : do not assume windows is at fault , it could be the phone . try rebooting it after installing new drivers .
i had the same happening even to me . i ended up getting it to work by going to the device manager and uninstalling the device ( it was showing up as samsung phone ) . then i unplugged it , plugged it back in and it was installed again automatically , working fine and showing up in mtp mode as nexus 10 .
this bug happens in some cases when upgrading . i fixed mine by changing quickly between mtp and camera with the usb unplugged , then i put it back to mtp again and it worked fine when i plugged the usb back in to change these settings go to settings> storage then click the little menu button in the top right corner and click usb computer conntection .
you need to have the manifest . xml of the apk . if you rename the . apk to a . zip you can open it . hopefully you can read the manifest else you need to decompile the apk ( lots of tutorials online ) then you need to lookup the intents it listens to and use that . or use the component name and launch it explicitly . how to do this in tasker is unknown to me , to do it programmaticly : Intent intent = new Intent(); intent .setComponent(new ComponentName("com.package.name","com.package.name.activity")); startActivity(intent); 
if your device is rooted , you can install autorun manager from the market ( for just looking up the listeners , the free version will do as well ) . use its advanced mode -- and there it will list up all apps which have listeners ( which listen to intents ) . tap the app you want to investigate , and all of its registered intent listeners are shown . now you can even disable the ones which annoy you ( e . g . google maps service listener on network change to pry your location ) .
easiest solution : ask the developer ! reason : it is the most reliable source if he/she answers . you cannot say easily what parameters to set and if it is even allowed to start other activities from your own ' intent launcher ' ( be it tasker or something else ) . i had a quick look at it , it is a paid app and a small dev . often those developers really care and respond quickly , especially if it is a paid app . i did so with titanium backup in the past and was positively suprised how easy it was . if you have the information , you can also use the free manual intent shortcuts app to create a custom launcher . google play has a ' contact developer ' button just below the overview description of ( most ? ) apps . having a look at smart tools , you see that it is there : androidboy1 ( at ) gmail com what you could also do : uc berkeley has a cool project : comdroid . a static analysis tool for identifying application communication-based vulnerabilities it is a web service where you can upload your . apk to . ( since you ask an advanced question i guess you know how to get the apk of your app ) . after the upload search the analysis for malicious activity launch , this is the information you want . you might be lucky to misuse it using tasker , etc .
i would use a decompiler https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dexplorer look in the manifest file , it will have the intents that the app uses .
looking at the f-droid 's repository , this app , ' appbak ' will generate the list of apps installed on your handset into a simple flat text file on your sd-card . the crucial thing to remember , is the ' package-name ' is the most important part of it , and is at the developer 's choosing and discretion . for example , an app called ' foobar ' , that appears in the application drawer , the package name would be ' com . foo . bar . app ' , from there it is quite easy to reconstruct a market link from that as in : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.foo.bar.app 
the application listed above , " appbak , " gets its data from the android package manager class ; if you have got root access , you can see the source ( /data/dev/packages . list ) which is a simple text file that lists only currently installed apks , but there is also an xml file in the same subdirectory , of the same name , which is considerably larger : packages . xml , and where it seems even uninstalled packages tend to remain . i found proof of my former bloatware freezer application in there once , and while it did not do me a world of good , at least i had a resource i could check to see what went disappearing in the night . the question i can not answer is if the market can now wipe that data from packages . xml . but i would point out that the packagemanager documentation has a get_uninstalled_packages constant on that page , so i would guess not .
start off by making sure that you are plugged into a usb 2.0 port . then , put the device in download-mode , $ sudo adb reboot download continue flashing with heimdall , $ sudo heimdall flash --recovery recovery . img that should work ,
if the system shell on your android device is an mksh ( i.e. . /system/bin/mksh , normally ) , and the mksh version is recent enough that it supports direct builtin calls already , then you can create a link or symlink from echo to mksh ( anywhere not mounted noexec ) . this will then expose the shell’s echo builtin as externally callable utility . note that you should normally be using the builtin , not an external utility , for speed , if possible . disclaimer : i’m the mksh maintainer .
yepp , in the shell . echo is a built-in command , see why is echo a shell built in command ? , wikipedia : shell built-in , and the echo command . so you will not find any " echo binary " , as it is contained in the sh command .
to answer the first question - that singular pattern where at minimum four dots must be joined , is built into android , if you want to have multiple patterns , that requires modding the source and rolling your own rom which is outside the scope of this site . now , onto the second question " is it possible to install more than one app that lock my screen with pattern lock and use them simultaneously ? will it cause any kind of clashes or other troubles ? " that depends on the app , the lock-screen is within the framework of android itself , unless the app over-rides the built-in lock-screen mechanism , then there should not be any clashes . the important keyword is over-ride . if the said alternative lock-screen clashes then that is down to poor programming effort . : )
it is because google can back up which apps you have installed on your google account , and restore them when you associate your account with a new device . since your friend 's account is new , the apps have not been installed yet , and are therefore not shown . as for why the apps are not shown as installed , it is because they are not installed from google play , but from samsung . if i remember correctly , samsung has it is own samsung apps app , which handles updates for preinstalled applications unless they are associated with their google play counterparts .
the stock messaging app will automatically save a draft message when you tap on the back button while composing the message , but the recipient field has to be filled . without a recipient it will give a warning that the message will be deleted . there are a lot of good alternatives . i have no experience with them myself ( i am using the stock app ) but a lot of people seem to like handcent , go sms pro or chompsms . just search the internet for reviews .
it will be stored in the root of your device ( /sdcard ) . if you plug your phone into a computer and access the phone you should see it like this : ( this is on my nexus 7 but it will appear the same )
polaris office 3.0 by infraware i have not used this , but it is well respected and often mentioned . best of luck , hope this helps . tech republic also did a review of these types of apps .
this is not a suggested app , but something to consider : for nanowrimo i found it incredibly useful to have a text editor on my phone that background synced with dropbox ( or a similar service , of course ) , so that a ) it was backed up and b ) when i was at a regular computer i could work on the same files with
in terms of word processing , dataviz 's documents to go has support for newer versions of ms office documents as well as pdf . there is also thinkfree office and quickoffice are you looking for a plain text editor ? ted by xavier gouchet has support for large files , but its interface , particularly the font size still needs work from the dev .
do you need an actual app ? google recently released google docs mobile ( accessible via docs . google . com on your phone ) which seems to work pretty well for editing and creating documents from my playing around with it . however it is a website rather than an app , and does require a live data connection , you can not use it offline in the same way that you would an app .
in answer to my own question ( and in thanks for the answer already provided ) , but the problem was that in my office , my phone uses wifi router which is connected to the internet via a firewall . and on this firewall one of the necessary imap ports was blocked . my collegue changed this setting , and now gmail is behaving as expected . i am really not in the habit of choosing my own answers as the selected answer , but for this question , this was the solution . hope it helps others !
in addition to what al e . says , you also need to make sure syncing is general is on . form the home screen go to Settings | Accounts and sync and make sure both Background data and Auto-sync are checked .
from the home screen , go to Settings | Accounts &amp; sync | &lt;your account&gt; and make sure that " sync gmail " is checked .
the most likely cause of the symptoms you describe is that a pin is bent or broken in the usb connection . with the data pin broken but the power pin connected , the connection is exactly as if as it works on a different machine , that would narrow the problem down to the cable ( if you are using different cables on each ) or the usb port on your pc . try a different cable and a different usb port . as your phone works fine with a windows pc , that rules out it being a problem with android itself , so if changing the physical connection does not help , we probably can not help you any further here .
well , doing the ota update to 4.0.2 from 4.0.1 did not brick anything . superuser is still installed and apps that require root supposedly have root permissions , but they claim they do not . i will attempt to re-root it , as i do not see why that will be an issue . thanks .
you can unlock the bootloader before re-rooting your phone , but the phone will wipe ( this is unavoidable ! ) , so back up first . . . and copy your backups off the phone
i do not think there is an easy way to know which email address you used , afaik . but if you have an idea on which email address it could be . you could try to retrieve your password using the options below . once you have the right password , you can try this to unlock your phone . you can open google on your pc and try to log in there . try the password recovery options on the site . passwords are made to be secure , so trying to recover them is something that was made hard on purpose . you do not want other people to be able to recover your password . if you have set a main recovery email address on google . you can use this option to recover your password . but this will probably be clear if you push the " can not access your account ? " link on the site . also a tip for the future : try not to make too many new email addresses , try to reuse the old ones . and if you do have to make new email addresses , try to have a system in the passwords : eg . ' password ' + ' key ' + ' password ' , where the key is something unique for the email address like the last 2 letters or something . there are an infinite amount of other possible systems like this one and if you make one up yourself ( that you can remember ) it is even more secure . or just use a password manager like lastpass . and besides that , it is always best to have 1 main email address , so you can use my second recovery option . i hope this is the answer to your question and helps you .
beautiful widgets installs a bunch of individual widgets that can be used . the one with the clock and weather is the " superclock " ( or " beautiful home " , maybe ) widget . it sounds like you just need to select " beautiful weather 4x1" when picking a widget ( unless the lock screen widget thingy does not give that choice - is that the case ? ) .
no , odin is an internal samsung tool . i assume you would use fastboot or an htc tool in this case . edit : i did not pay enough attention to the webpage &mdash ; as varunyellina says that is just source code , you can not flash it at all .
if your looking for a bluetooth solution , it might be possible via this but does it have a fm transmitter out of the box , no .
early promotional material for the galaxy s said that it had an fm transmitter . samsung later removed this from the list of features . some models , such as the i9000 , have a fm receiver . it appears other versions also have a receiver that is not supported by drivers ; this xda thread has more details . your best bet is to get an fm transmitter than plugs into the headphone jack , or to use bluetooth .
it sounds like your clock is 4 minutes fast . check to see if your phone is getting its time from the network ( on gingerbread , it is settings/date and time , not sure about cm 7.2 ) . if you are getting time from the network , try disabling automatic updates and set the time manually to a source like time . gov or time . is .
root the phone and download root uninstaller , once you grant root access to the app you will be able to remove all the bloatware .
installing a different rom simply did the job . right now i am using 2.3.5 unfortunately i just have guides in italian and french but a little google translator did the job : ) french : http://www.acer-club.fr/viewtopic.php?f=98t=3336sid=64e715b102a9932965fa871175c01da9 italian : http://www.androidiani.com/forum/modding-acer-liquid-mini/80562-guida-installare-android-2-3-5-su-acer-liquid-mini-custom-rom.html
have you tried the systemapp remover ? it can be used to remove bloatware in my lg android ( ie . facebook for lg and twitter for lg )
try re-applying Factory settings to your phone . how to do it : Your Home Screen-&gt;Menu-&gt;Settings-&gt;Privacy-&gt;Factory data reset.  caution : selecting this option erases all data into the phone . please ensure that you have proper backup in case some unexpected issues surface !
i found an ice cream truck ringtone in mobiles24 . could you check if that is correct ?
as the firmware resides in /system , flashing a firmware obviously overwrites that partition . /boot is usually involved here as well . whether the two get " wiped " is a different question ; but as otherwise things could get " mixed " , which might cause unwanted side-effects , i would say they are ( i am not 100% sure with this ) . so in these two partitions , nothing of the previously installed firmware should remain . that is different for the other partitions of your device . so usually , /data is not touched by the flashing process , but of course it will be touched once the new system boots up ( it e.g. needs to initialize the dalvik cache for the newly installed system apps , which is located in /data/dalvik-cache ) . for the /cache partition ( holding the application cache ) it is similar : it usually is not touched by the flashing process , but used normally afterwards . hence it is a good idea to wipe these two ( cache and dalvik cache ) when installing a different rom . it might not always be required , but it does not hurt . a factory-reset in principle is a combination of the two : it wipes the /cache and /data partitions . so other than the manual wipe of the caches from a custom recovery , it also removes all user data ( including the user-installed apps ) . note : do not confuse a " wipe " with a " safe erase": with the right tools , data still might be recoverable following a wipe . with this on your mind , your second question becomes obsolete : if you just want a clean system for yourself , this wish is already granted . if , on the other hand , you did these steps to sell your device , there is always the point of what could be restored . for a " safe erase " , you might want to take a look at special tools like nuke my phone / nuke my tablet , which overwrite everything with " garbage data " , and finalize this process with a factory-reset .
i have a htc sensation running ics . i had been looking to do this , read around a little then in playing with my phone , seem to have done it with a selection in the menu in ' people ' . for me there was simply a ' move contacts ' in the main menu in ' people ' . a box pops up , " move contacts from " with choice of ' google ( qty of contacts ) ' , and ' phone ( ### ) ' . i touched ' phone . . . ' , it presents a box , " move contacts to " with one choice ' google ( ### ) ' . . . touch ' google ' , and it asks , ' confirm moving ' " are you sure . . . ? " - cancel-ok . process begins , and is not particularly fast - visibly one at a time . . . interestingly however , it did not ' move ' my contacts but rather ' copied ' them - they are all still in the phone , but now all in google as well . not too bad as i can now either filter the list to not display the phone ones , or delete them all off the phone as they are now all in google . . . . now just a matter of going through and de-duplicating .
another approach summarized from macias ' experiments plus all the comments accumulated so far , is to follow these steps : be aware that this has yet to be approved of , as it was not tested ! i still chose to already add this here , as otherwise it would be hard to follow through all the comments to figure this out . compared with what macias already did , steps 7-9 have been added/inserted to ( hopefully ) prevent the mess it caused for him . change the mode of sending vcard to single file share contacts select all type : gmail recipient -- yourself send open the gmail web site with your account optional : export/backup all contacts again from here ( unless you use a new/empty separate gmail account , as the following was not yet tested ) purge all contact data from the webapp and your devices ok , switch to gmail app open the attachment with contacts choose target as google account all contacts will be added , but now as google ones compare with the steps described in the question 's update to see the difference and what has gone wrong there . it should work this way , but that yet has to be approved of . if somebody can verify this , please say so in a comment -- and i will update this accordingly .
if you want to " sync on demand only": just enable sync at the time of demand for , say , 10 minutes while connected to your local wifi -- and then disable it again . enough time for the service to get its job done . you can do so in " accounts and sync " 1 , after chosing your google account : if next to " sync contacts " you see the same circular symbol as the screenshot 2 shows next to sync google reader , you probably do not even need to activate the permanent sync , but simply hit it for a one-time " sync on demand " .
you can try redirect file organiser . the usage by dev is explained at /r/android over here . hope this is what you are looking for .
the motorola usb drivers can be found at http://developer.motorola.com/tools/resources/ on motorola devices , it enumerates as " mot single adb interface "
you can access them through the group " starred in android " in gmail
to change whether a contact is a favorite or not , go to your contact list , click on the contact name , then toggle the " star " in the top right corner of the contact screen .
for editing , this question should help , although it is specific to the htc incredible . for removing , it is the same idea ( select contact name , not icon ) then remove them from the favorites group . hope it helps .
removing it from " favourites " or " starred in android " did not work for me . i do not have any star either on my htc wildfire . you have to find your contact in the " phone " list ( this one where you go when you want to call someone , middle bottom of the desktop ) . then you touch it , wait until menu arrives and . . . tap " remove from favourites " . interesting that you will not find this option in " people " app , or in contact details either .
the stock gmail app on the galaxy s3 does not have an unread count on the home screen icon . however , you can use the stock email app to retrieve your gmail and that app includes an unread count on the home screen .
you can use an app such as sim contacts manager or sim contacts to manage your contact on your sim card , including accessing and transferring them to the phone . if you have android 4.0+ , you can do this straight from your contacts app . Open Contacts &gt; Menu &gt; Import/export &gt; Import from SIM card
automatic shut off can mean any of these ; too many running applications running in the background . ( start your your phone in clockworld and select to clear cache ) refrain from charging your phone while playing games and running so many applications as this may speed up the aging of your battery . maybe its time you replace your battery if the above doesnt seem to work .
try bearcontact on google play . it can keep unlimited call logs .
the table at http://www.syncdroid.net/ is quite comprehensive . if you have outlook , there are ways to sync your calendar with your device . always list your device and os - it helps .
i am from india . i think google play gift card is not available in india till now . i will tell you a method through which you can purchase android apps from play store in india without credit card . the only legal way to buy paid apps from play store other than credit card is by creating virtual credit card . virtual credit card is an artificial credit card which acts similarly like any ordinary credit card and you can use it for online shopping . but in virtual credit card you have to transfer the amount first just like debit cards . there are two trusted ways of creating virtual credit card - a . create virtual credit card from bank - many banks are having a service of creating a virtual credit card for online shopping . state bank of india and hdfc bank are two banks which i have used for creating virtual credit card especially hdfc bank 's netsafe service is awesome and just perfect for any online shopper . amount charged for creating virtual credit card is very minimum . b . create virtual credit card from entropay - if your bank does not give the service of creating virtual credit cards then you can use entropay for purchasing apps from the play store . entropay is an online service which i strongly recommend for creating virtual credit cards , as it is completely safe and secure . all your information is protected by encryption . creating virtual credit card through is very easy you just need to fill up your details and your virtual credit card is ready in minutes , now transfer your fund to virtual credit card and start shopping . entropay is used worldwide and processes thousands of transactions daily . for using entropay you need to pay certain charges . earlier google only sells android apps through its play store in india but now google has start selling books and movies also , so this virtual credit card method work perfectly with them also means you can buy android apps , ebooks and movies without credit card using virtual credit cards . i hope this post is helpful for you .
google play cards can be bought at many stores ( depending on your country ) . there are also websites providing instant gift card-codes . i have personally used and can recommend this site for german speaking countries . for everyone that is interested in keeping banking information away from google ( as far as that is possible today ) that is the only viable option . the codes are redeemed within the play store --> options --> redeem gift code the money is then added to your account to use on any app , movie , music or in-app-purchase .
perhaps you can mail-order a play store gift card - https://play.google.com/intl/en-us_us/about/giftcards/#lightbox
in ankidroid preferences , there is a " reset languages " item : reset language assignments ( for text to speech and dictionaries ) for all decks . reset specific deck assignments on deck picker
if you want to unlock the bootloader , root and add a custom/stock rom , then you want to use wugs toolkit for nexus . ( try to borrow or use a windows pc or laptop , its not for os x ) here is xda forum link : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1766475 here is the download link ( this is for windows , not os x ) http://www.wugfresh.com/nrt/ its pretty self explanatory , but try to read it all anyway . as far as i know there is not a version for os x i have used this method on my 2 nexus 7s and my friends nexus 4 and 5 ! ! ! happy rooting everyone ! ! ! !
try to install framaroot , it is support many devices : ) : ) http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2130276
the answer to your question most likely relates to this question " how do i change the google play country ? " . it details what you should do but read through the whole thing because the first answer requires you to make a purchase , but the second says how to do it without making a purchase .
if auto-correct is the problem , i would just turn it off . then you can type whatever you want without the system trying to over-ride your decisions . it does mean that you will have to take responsibility for any spelling mistakes , but it also means no more having your words twisted by a matching algorithm .
i also have this problem , where i often type in italian using many english words or even expressions . if you can not find a keyboard with support for two separate languages ( i know the xperia default keyboard does , for example ) , i strongly suggest you to try swiftkey . along with many wonderful features , it is also able to recognize up to three languages at a time ( e . g . you can start typing in french , and then type a word in english : swiftkey will recognize you are now using english , and apply the english autocorrect and suggestions ) - just install the appropriate language packs ( in your case , french , english ( gb ) and english ( us ) ) . swiftkey has a free trial that lasts 1 month , but some googling is enough to find out how to bypass the limit .
if i remember well : in the language and input settings click the settings icon next google keyboard . you can then change the input languages settings and select multiple languages . finally go the advanced settings there should be a way to enable a key that allows you to easily switch your input method when typing ( from memory it was by holding the space bar ) bon courage !
so , i have figured out myself what caused the problem , thanks anyway : i tried uninstalling some apps i installed before and looks like " business calendar free beta " caused this problem . after i removed it , it works just fine and normal . and i did not liked it anyway and i think the standard app is good for me .
well , when htc leaves it up to us , it is up to us , so i kept playing with it . it turns out that the response i got is a generic response from fastboot : it does a piss-poor job of checking its arguments . that particular response , in effect , means , " invalid command arguments . " yes , i made a typographical error and this was the result . it did not occur to me this could be the case first because most programmers check the input before continuing on and give reasonable error messages , and secondly because i tried it first as a dry-run and it gave the response , &lt ; waiting for device > . then , when i did it " for real " , i merely hit up-arrow and plugged in the device , etc . rather than delete this question , i am leaving this here as a bread-crumb for others who may run into this same problem . type it properly and it works ! if you appreciate that , vote it up ! -smile-
i got this error , solved it thanks to this thread http://androidforums.com/desire-s-all-things-root/444571-unlock-using-htcdev-com.html basically , this page http://www.htcdev.com/bootloader/ruu-downloads is slightly misleading . if your device is not listed , you might still need to update the ruu anyway .
take the image of the phone that is working by the following code first find out the dev block of the system partition cat /proc/mounts search for the system partitions and note down the corresponding /dev/block/ partition for example for my phone it is /dev/block/mmcblk0p12 now make the exact copy of the partition using dd command dd if=/dev/block/***** of=/sdcard/system.img copy this system . img from your phone to pc connect your other phone in fastboot mode run the following command fastboot flash system &lt;path-to-system.img&gt;
you have to go to lock screen settings and uncheck " hidden pattern-show pattern dots when tapping on the screen " . this will bring back the largee dots . this is different from " make pattern visible " which is at tthe bottom of the lock screen options page .
home screen shortcut we believe it is an android bug . in fact , as i could confirm on a custom build , adding FLAG_ACTIVITY_SINGLE_TOP fixed the problem for home screen shortcuts , despite its documentation indicating pretty the opposite , as below . we find those docs very poorly written , at least . according to the developer , this fix is going to work as long as main app activity stays on top ( that is , editing a sync job then pressing home button for tapping icon again is not going to work ) . if set , the activity will not be launched if it is already running at the top of the history stack . tasker and autoshortcut for some reason , the above fix does not work in autoshortcut . i do not know how different the intent sent by this plugin is from that of the home screen shortcuts . either way , i have reported the problem to the developer . regardless , i also just have set up a direct intent configuration in tasker , instead of using autoshortcut , as follows : action : com.bv.wifisync.run extra : itemId:&lt;id&gt; ( see below ) package : com.bv.wifisync class : com.bv.wifisync.Hosts target : Activity you have to replace &lt;id&gt; with the actual number of the job you want to run . in my case , 1 points to my computer , meaning it will run all of its jobs . knowing the actual number seems just like counting from top to bottom , but in case this fails , here 's how i have found it ( android sdk and grep required on desktop ) : enable debug mode on the phone . connect phone to computer 's usb . run adb logcat &gt; temp.log . start syncme . cancel the adb command . run grep "Validated job" temp.log , this should show you the ids .
android gives activities a setting called launchMode , which allows them to control how and when they are launched . with some values of launchMode , starting the same activity again with an intent will not start a new activity : instead , it'll deliver the new intent to the existing activity . this might happen only if the activity is the foreground activity , or if it is anywhere in the current task ( that is , if you can get to that activity just by pressing back repeatedly ) . it is quite common for app authors to set launchMode to solve some kinds of programming or user interface problem , such as concurrency issues that arise from having two instances of the same activity running at once , one in the foreground and one in the background . when they do this , they do not always remember to write the code to handle the new intent the activity is sent by android : the activity receives the intent a different way to when it is first launched . it is hard to tell without knowing more about this app , but from the behaviour you describe , it sounds like syncme has fallen into this trap . you should tell the developer what you are trying to achieve , and ask them to fix it .
this is how google voice works by design . here is the relevant exert from the help article : each time you place a call , instead of dialing the number you want to reach , google voice dials a us-based direct access number . the google voice server then forwards your call to the actual destination number . this allows for faster call setup and the ability to place calls without a data connection . these direct access numbers may show in your phone 's call log , or on your phone bill . a unique direct access phone number is assigned to each person that you call . the direct access numbers are stored in the google voice application , not in your contacts . they can be purged from your phone at any time by signing out of the google voice app . direct access numbers are assigned randomly , and may include numbers that are out of your local calling area , or even out of state . if you do not have a nationwide calling plan , you may be charged long distance rates by your carrier . basically unique , auto-generated numbers are assigned to your contacts as you dial them . these numbers do not change , but will be different from your contacts ' actual telephone numbers .
there is lots of apps that perform the function of restricting access to other apps . simply head to google play and search for " app locker " .
you can now download the latest version of google keyboard ( with sliding support ) from the google play store . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.inputmethod.latin
android 4.4 ( kitkat ) has a built-in printing system . it uses " cloud print " , which can print to a " cloud print ready " printer , or to a normal printer accessible from an internet-connected pc running google chrome . in either case , the target printer does not even have to be on the same network , if both the printer and your tablet are connected to internet . you can also use this system to generate a pdf from the content you are trying to print . i have not tried using chrome to print a web page with css rules as you describe , so i can not say for sure that you will get exactly the results you had get on desktop , but i would expect it to work the same way .
i do not think that developer released a version of that rom that is compatible with your device so my advice to you would be to go to the optimus 2x forum and find a jelly bean rom there or you can check out this link other roms :
not a solution for this problems specifically , but have you tried using stackmobile ? it is a mobile-friendly ubersite for all stack exchange sites .
you may be able to boot , but the likely hood that things like the camera , wifi and other things , working are slim . even when it is " the same device " , just a variant ( like the vibrant , captivate , galaxy s , fascinate , for example ) flashing a rom not made for the specific device will not work . the differences in the hardware causes modifications to the rom . everything from the wifi chip , to the camera can require custom drivers . most likely , you wont even be able to boot though .
this rooting tutorial is much easier to follow than samdroid 's ( it still uses samdroid 's method , but the tutorial is much less terse and have pictures ) : http://www.addictivetips.com/mobile/root-samsung-galaxy-spica-i5700-with-leshaks-kernel/
the main reference resource site for modders and " cookers " of samsung spica aka i5700 is at samdroid forum board , here . it contains all information you need to upgrade your firmware version , root your phone , etc .
found this on youtube : go to settings -> security -> phone administrators , then un-check this app and proceed to uninstall it by the usual means .
download es file explorer and uninstall gravity screen by going to app manager then select gravity screen and uninstall it .
according to the developer , those disabled checkboxes are not implemented . source . you can still proceed with the flash even if F. Reset Time is disabled / unchecked . there should be no problems with it .
if you are using the wifi tethering you can mac filter it by only allowing certain devices to connect . also make sure you have the password set and maybe even change it if you need to .
just disable wifi . i have 1.5.1c beta 2 . look for ccrusher1 on the forum , and message me if you need more help .
well , i went over to the android forums and asked . . . apparently , it is a known bug in all overclocked versions of shinjitsu . i installed the non-overclocked kernel ( as an update . zip from the sd card , with clockwork ) and it is been almost two hours and everything is working perfectly !
it is a built-in feature of froyo , as long as the developer has built the app that way . however , you are mostly out of luck , unless you are willing to root your phone and install cyanogenmod and apps2sd or jump through the hoops bruce details in his answer . if you do have android 2.2 or higher , the app sdmove can be a big help in moving apps in bulk . sdwatch is also useful , as it monitors apps you install and alerts you if it can be moved the sd card . ( there are , of course , other apps that do the same things . they are just the ones i have used . )
actually , there is way . it is not perfectly seamless , and it requires that you partition your sd card yourself . the steps below were provided by sparx as an answer to this question . it worked for me , and i am running stock android 2.1 on a motorola milestone . enter link2sd - it is freeware and works with android 1.6 and above . you will also need a partitioning tool - i used the excellent freeware easeus partition manager ( epm ) to ensure no data was erased during the repartitioning / resizing . first , download and install epm . pop your storage card into your card reader . start epm your card should be visible amongst the other drives/partitions in your pc . select the partition on your card - it should cover the entire length by default . right-click and choose resize/move and then reduce the partition size ( this is what shows in windows ) until the unallocated space size is of a suitable size . ( the unallocated space will be allocated as the partition on which your apps will be stored . ) click ok . an aside - even though link2sd supports the creation of the second partition ( in which your apps will reside ) in the fat / fat32 format , windows only recognizes the first primary partition which is why this newly created partition will not show within windows inspite of it being fat / fat32 . we shall be using either ext2 / ext3 or ext4 as the file system in any case . onward . . . right-click this new unallocated space and choose create . click yes on the warning that describes what i have said above . now , in the partition label , type in a label like " androidapps " or whatever suits you . this is critical - the create as should be primary choose file system as ext3 and click ok . click apply in the main window 's top left corner ( big blue check mark icon ) . epm will carry out the operations . congrats ! you have just re-partitioned your card and without any data loss too . ( hopefully ! ) assuming you have installed link2sd in your phone and the sd card has been re-inserted . 11 . reboot your phone . start link2sd and it should detect your partition . a list of apps is now displayed . click the app you want to move to the card and then click create link . that is it .
there is titanium backup . it is description says : you can move any app ( or app data ) to/from the sd card . requires android : 1.0 and up it has a free version . it requires root: how do i root my android device ?
ok so you are wondering if you can change the download folder by changing some sort of config file . this sort of behavior has been sort of deprecated in android . as an android developer , we are supposed to make all of our cache files private so that they cannot be accessed by another person or , more importantly , another program . letting other programs root around in your files was a big security hole for linux , so it is kind of frowned upon now , so i would be very surprised if you found a config file where you could change the download folder . if you want to be able to set your download folder , then you could try to find an app on the market that has such functionality . and yes i know the frustration you are talking about , i used to use my droid 3 for doing my school email and finding and opening attachments was next to impossible .
ok , here is how i solved the problem : i followed the first part of the directions here : http://oldwiki.cyanogenmod.org/wiki/motorola_droid_2_global:_full_update_guide to wipe the flash and install older version of the motorola software . ( specifically , section 2.1.1 ) then i upgraded to the version that i was running before the update started attempting to run .
long press the home screen , select samsung widgets--> select program monitor
i think the " task manager " app was available from the samsung apps store in android 2.1 , i seem to remember downloading it from there at some point along with the " my files " app . you can try going into applications list on your phone , finding the " samsung apps " icon and looking through the list in there . if your phone is running android 2.2 then the task manager is " built-in " and is not easy to delete . you can see if it is still there by holding down your home button for a few seconds until the recent apps list comes up , and you should have a taskmanager button at the bottom .
personally , i use doggcatcher and have had no problems with it . it will always remember where you last were in the podcast , even if you went and played a different podcast instead and came back to that one . it'll auto-delete based on how you set it up . for me , it auto deletes after i have listened to it . it usually happens pretty quickly too ( 15 min or so ) . you can also tell it when to update and how many episodes of a podcast to download that you have not listened to yet .
beyondpod ( $7 but well worth it ) will do everything you mentioned in your question . i have tried doggcatcher and a slew of free apps and i have found beyondpod to be the best . you sort you podcasts from newest to oldest , or oldest to newest , or longest to shortest , or shortest to longest . you can also break them up into categories which i find helpful . also , it is very good at remembering you place . i regularly start one podcast then switch to another , then another and find that i can always return to the unfinished shows without losing my place . there are also numerous autoupdate and auto delete options . you can set certain categories of feeds update on a certain schedule . you can set the auto delete globally , on the category level or at the podcast level , telling it to delete podcasts of a certain age , or tell it to only keep so many podcasts , or delete after listening . its also easy to mass delete all " listened to " podcasts with just two clicks .
if it is just the " user " and " system " applications , i do this sort of thing all the time . in fact i wrote an app to help me out with this . i uninstall and re-install applications for testing a development all the time . i need to easily be able to make copies and move " . apk " files all the time . please take a look at the free app : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=burrows.apps.appmanager . simple install the app , " backup " your application of choice and then share/send the application ( . apk ) to another phone . regards ,
if your device is running android 4.0 or higher , carbon - app sync and backup would be the perfect solution , and does not even require root -- but still is capable of backing up apps including their data : carbon app sync and backup as above screenshots show , you can backup/restore single apps , or select a batch . what you cannot see on the screenshots : you can also save a selection as " group " , so for the next backup/restore you do not need to select apps separately , but simply select the group instead . with carbon backup , one should be able to backup apps and data to sd card , attached usb devices , dropbox , googledrive , etc .
there are numerous options available to you : titanium backup for ics upwards , settings > backup and reset > backup my data/backup account for gb , settings > privacy settings > backup my data last but not least , adb backup in that order of " user-friendliness " , from a android application that requires rooted access , in reference to titanium backup , to the least , using the command line adb backup .
why not drop the mp3 directly into a directory either ringtones or alarms within the subdirectory of /sdcard/media/audio/notifications ( this is for earlier than ics ) ? iirc ics had this directory structure on the sdcard , aptly , /sdcard/alarms or /sdcard/ringtones . drop the appropriate mp3 in there , and it should be picked up the android 's media provider and away you go . if google music does not have any identifiable information pertaining the mp3 , the filename will be used instead .
you will need to either use a different media player player pro winamp mx player i am pretty sure all the above , plus others , can set ringtones from mp3 files directly from the player app itself . or , you can use any of the many different ringtone makers freely available on the play market . i like ringtone maker you will just open the mp3 , find the section you want to save as a ringtone and crop it , save it , then set it ! you will need to do some searching around your file system first to find out which songs are which though . as i remember , when you download audio from google play music for offline use it does not save them with titles or anything really identifiable :/ edit that is the problem with google play music . you have to open them and listen to them . if you use one of the above mentioned players it should load the metadata for you , telling you the artist , album , title etc . i know player pro will show you the path of the given file by long pressing it and choosing view details . i am sure the others would have similar functionality . however , using these players to set ringtones does not allow you to crop and choose which part you want saved , they will just set the entire song as the default ringtone , which is probably not what you want . most likely you will need a combination of the two : open player pro ( or whichever other media player ) and find the song you want , view details/properties and note the file path . open up ringtone maker ( or whichever you choose ) and navigate to that path , and open the file . you will then be able to select which portion of the mp3 you had like to set as a ringtone . you can then save the ringtone as either an alarm , ringtone , or notification to be used respectively .
if you are comfortable with copying files in a file explorer go grab es file explorer if you do not have a file manager already . make sure that root browsing is enabled and navigate to /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.android.music/files/music . hopefully you do not have too many songs stored locally , cause this is the not-so-fun part . go through song-by-song by selecting one and using Google Play Music to complete the action . when you find which file is the right song , copy it ( for es , long press then select copy , could be different for other apps ) . now navigate to /sdcard/media/audio/&lt;whichever_folder_applies_to_you&gt; if you are on pre-ics or /sdcard/&lt;whatever_applies_to_you&gt; if on ics or jelly bean . paste it in ( hitting paste on the status bar for es ) and you should be good . if you are not comfortable with copying files in a file explorer if for some reason you do not want to copy , then still figure out which song is the right one . then when you go to set your ringtone/alarm/notification use the ES File Explorer entry that pops up . then navigate to /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.android.music/files/music and select the right song .
normally , the quickest ' fix ' to see what is going on is to try sudo adb devices ( or sudo ./adb devices if you downloaded adb stand-alone . ) if that works , then your permissions are not right . once the server starts you can use adb without sudo . however since you said other phones work , my guess is that the lg phones attempt to auto-detect or auto-negotiate mtp / usb mass storage and do not like your linux system ( this is nothing new , vendors do not test this . ) there are no drivers for linux for this ( aside : i hope there never are . ) check dmesg and lsusb output - it is possible they are doing something funny on the phone side with usb . you may need to force any sort of auto-mounting or usb storage option to " charge only " which should make the phone behave .
you need to run an ssh server on your phone , such as sshdroid . you can launch adb shell from sshdroid , and then run am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n &lt;qualified-app-name&gt; . for example , &lt;qualified-app-name&gt; is something like com.android.settings/.Settings .
it seems like others have had this problem as well : http://www.reddit.com/r/galaxynexus/comments/19y0a9/galaxy_nexus_screen_turn_on_durring_lock_screen/ http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/mobile/pa5jzh-oj4o http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=39625 it is a bug in android 4.2 , specifically with the samsung galaxy nexus . i imagine you recently updated your phone , which is why it has only been occurring as of late . it looks like the cause is from app notifications being pushed to the device and waking it up . here are some common apps that have been known to cause this problem : wechat sleep mode apps mx player dropsync disabling auto-sync has also been known to solve this problem : settings> data usage> and disable auto sync and restrict background data some people have also had success just doing a factory reset . a lot of people have had a lot of success getting rid of this problem by reverting back to 4.1.2 . others have followed this approach and had a lot of success : i had this same problem and i tried disabling apps , uninstalling apps , and factory resetting all with no success . what fixed it for me was taking a very small flat-head screwdriver and gently bending the pins of the micro usb connector up ( towards the screen side ) . over time and through usage , those pins got bent downward , away from the screen side . i think this created some kind of electrical short . i tried this because when the phone was plugged in , the screen stayed asleep . my gnex is now working perfectly again . i hope this helps someone ! how to fix problem the problem is that the hooks inside your charging port are too close to the bottom . therefore with a small knife or needle , life the middle part up nearer to the screen and voila ! your problem should be fixed . its not the software . its the hardware . this seems to be a very weird problem with a lot of different causes . some people have had success with removing or modifying the software , other people think that it is the pin problem . if you get any of these solutions to work , let me know . hope this helps ! john
it should not matter which one you get , because the internal charging chip " should " control the maximum charging current . so unless you are planning to use your charger with another device that can charge at a higher current , you are wasting your money ( unless they cost the same . ) if for some reason , like custom rom or poor firmware , the charging chip is not operating right , you risk burning the vias on the pcb .
its possible by checkng running apps . you can limit your background processes . i am sure that your phone will never lag as before . settings> more> developer options> limit background processes> set to 3 or less . please do not make any changes in other options which will lead to problems if you are not sure what they are doing .
ok you can also do this without installing any other app as well . all you need to is goto settings -> applications -> running here you can see the apps number of processes and services . memory used by the apps . apps/services running in the background . ( which maybe slowing down you phone ) . hope it helps . . . . . : )
if you already suspect a particular app ( facebook in this case ) , just uninstall it and see if the problem goes away .
you could try to use some live monitoring app , e.g. os monitor . these usually offer you a view on apps currently consuming most of the ressources , e.g. hogging your cpu , eating your ram , or utilizing your network : os monitor showing running processes , and showing network connections ( click images for larger variants ) running processes can be sorted by several criteria , such as name , cpu usage , and more . the device being " laggy " most times means some app consumes all cpu power , or i/o , or ram – so this should help you figuring out . an alternative to mention is systempanel , which even offers you a manual ( for your situation , the system monitor page would apply ) . in its payed version , it even offers you background monitoring , so you could first let it collect data for a while , and later check for the " largest consumers " . systempanel : running processes , overall ressources ( click images for larger variants )
it is possible that the button is stucked . all you have to do is hold down the power button until it works .
use @znewman ' s method to backup your data . as for what is wrong with the phone , a similar thing happened to my nexus one sometime back . it just kept on loading and never actually finished booting . just go to the boot screen or what ever it is called , ( usually when you turn on the phone keep the volume down button pressed and press power button ) and do a factory reset and it should be fine .
as far as i can tell this is what you need to do . note : this information comes from my research and not my experience and while this may make your phone usable you may lose your data . i suggest removing your microsd card as it is most likely where your pictures and video are : download odin from here register at sammobile here download your firmware here open odin put your firmware . tar file in the pda box and tick pda ( do not tick or untick anything else ) attach your phone to your computer using your usb cable and click start . do not do anything else until it is done .
you can turn off your mobile data while playing the games . Settings &gt; More Settings &gt; Mobile Networks &gt; Deselect "Mobile Data" but with this , you can not sign in to google play games service ( if available in the game ) .
ok , this is embarrassing but i will leave it here for posterity anyway . tried another network and got slightly better performance ( probably b/c the hotspot had weak signal strength ) . after more investigation i realized that it was connecting to my network then disconnecting . turns out the password was wrong , but rather than actually telling me that , it just connected and then a few seconds later ( after i would left that screen ) it disconnects .
go keyboard also has an up button . you will just need to launch the editor .
1 ) if this game has to tested on your device and if you have the source code of the project you can disable or change the listener of button or what components it may be . the constants for catching the up button click event you may see in the activity . class is the following ; KeyEvent.KEYCODE_DPAD_UP  or KeyEvent.KEYCODE_CHANNEL_UP  you can change this constant with other keyevent constants . see link : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/keyevent.html 2 ) if this game does not have to be tested on your physical device , then there is emulator option whose virtual keyboard has many buttons . while creating android virtual device you have a bunch of screen options , ram storage , etc . you can create virtual device whose hardware is almost same with your physical device . after that you can push the . apk file by using adb-install command and test it on virtual device .
im not familiar with your device , is the big thing in the middle on the bottom a trackpad type device ? i.e. can you use it to scroll a long page if you rub your finger over it like you would a laptop trackpad ? if so then rubbing that thing with an upward motion should send the dpad_up event , which i assume that game is listening for . you might also try pressing on the top edge of this button thing , perhaps the whole thing is a dpad of sorts . if that thing is not able to scroll at all then im afraid you are probably s.o.l. the game is listening for an event that your device is incapable of sending . if you are interested in development then let this be a lesson to consider all device types and input schemes when designing your interface . {rant} what is with the trackball hate ? the first several devices had trackballs on them , and it was an excellent input method , now they have moved them all to this optical / touch sensor crud {/rant} edit : so even if your device does not have any type of trackball type device you are not entirely sol after all . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.pedrocorp.virtualtrackballhl=en that is an app that will give you a virtual d-pad or trackball . there might be a free one if you search around . p.s. if anyone with influence over hardware design happens to see this : making a device with no d-pad type input is terrible , it makes so many interactions needlessly awkward . please do not do it .
if you are testing snake from the android applications examples , you should modify the code in order to include the gesture class . i simply have done this by hooking the event_key manager by the gesture events . good training to get familiar with the gingerbread api :- )
well , if you have cyanogen , you could download swype , and go into the settings of cyanogenmod to show the keyboard on menu hold . then you could go into the edit menu , and press the up button .
you should try to use this bash script i wrote for you ( require busybox on your android ) : put the script in a file called script . bash ( change with your own path ) : now , in a terminal on your computer ( this is for linux , adapt it if you use windows ) adb push script.bash /mnt/sdcard/script.bash adb shell bash chmod +x /mnt/sdcard/script.bash /mnt/sdcard/script.bash  edit this is what the script does in-fine :
according to this forum post , there are a few media players on the android market that will play them ( possibly with a little chop and jitter ? ) natively on the phone .
rockplayer supports . mov files ( at least the ones that i have attempted to view ) . the gui is not fantastic , it is basically just a file manager look , but i do not find myself watching video on my phone much . there could be additional options as well .
they are cache directories that hold ads for games . i have read angry birds is one such game that uses those directories . yes , you could delete them , but they will keep coming back everytime a game reloads their ads .
from what i can make out from your scenario , it seems the culprit is the android 's dalvik cache . quote from a thread in xda forums:- when android starts up , the dalvikvm looks thru all of your applications ( . apk files ) and frameworks , and builds a tree of dependencies . it uses this dependency tree to optimize the bytecode for every application and stores it in the dalvik cache . the applications are then run using the optimized bytecode . this is why when you install a new rom , sometimes it takes a very long time to boot for the first time . any time an application ( or framework library ) changes , it is reoptimized and the cache is updated . and it seems that each time you reboot , the dalvik cache reoptimizes .
from my own experience i also noticed that , even without rebooting , the disk space would have been freed after waiting a little while . so my theory is that the android os distributes write operations to the internal memory in time to improve responsiveness of the device . but the thing i am still not sure is if the memory was needed right now to install a new application , would it be freed for that purpose or the " low memory " message would reappear until the deleted app gets its memory freed .
if you have your own music collection , you can get a google music account , download the app if it is not already on your phone , and listen to your own tunes all you like . if you are looking for an internet radio app , i would recommend slacker radio , they have a lot of channels with pretty decent selection . pandora is very good , but that only works if you live in the united states .
i heart radio and tunein radio are apps that let you stream fm radio stations . you select the sort of station you like and listen to the music they play . i personally use them for listening to talk radio , but same difference .
depending which country you are in last . fm and spotify are good options for free , streaming music .
i am having the same problem and i think i have got the solution . i am thinking of 2 ways : buy an hdmi to component or hdpvr converter and buy a capture card ( cheapest ) buy an hdmi capture cart ( very expensive ) . you have to make sure the hdmi capture card will be hdcp compatible because otherwise it will refuse to receive the encrypted video . of course , that is the same for the converter but that costs about 40 euro .
i do not think you are talking about this app but tasker can do that : play store similar apps here
when it goes on to optimizing apps it will optimize all aps that you have on your phone , that includes system apps that you cannot see/remove ( technically you can ) . if you just check the installed apps on your phone it will just show you the apps that you have manually instaled and that is why the number is not the same .
the tablet with the cpu you mentioned ( asus memo pad me172v ) is a single-core device . more info on the cpu can be found here . wondermedia technologies , a subsidiary of via technologies , has unveiled the prizm wm8950 , a single core cortex a9 processor running up to 800 mhz with a mali-400 gpu .
i am not sure about the g2x , but when i would reboot in to recovery on my galaxy s vibrant , i used to have to " apply updates " , which would run the update . zip that was on the sdcard , this would bring me in to the clockwork recovery . i also know that the adb reboot recovery does not yet work correctly on the galaxy s vibrant version , so this could be the same issue on the g2x .
i realized that i am going on and on in comments for no real reason but perhaps this is better suited for an answer . the only honeycomb build i am aware of for the tab is this one on xda ( there are two versions , gsm and cdma ) . it is , for all intents and purposes , a bleeding-edge attempt to get honeycomb running on the tab . the developer refers to it as an " alpha " and essentially says to expect things to be buggy . since there is no public source code for the 3 . x releases of android yet , the build is based on an extracted image/filesystem from the android sdk , meaning that it is not optimized for the tab and probably lacks 3rd party drivers ( excepting any official 2.2 drivers that happen to be compatible with 3 . x ) . the gsm thread lists the following as " not working " under the current build , meaning this is the minimum you should expect to lose : in general , builds like this show up on devices when a new major release appears in the sdk but they tend to be fairly unstable and also fairly slow . the videos i have seen of this rom appear a bit more performant ( in general ) than other sdk ports i have encountered , but your experience may vary . as for restoring , the " factory reset " option does not usually touch system files on most devices , from what i know . it is possible i am mistaken on this and that the tab does actually restore the firmware , but i am not incredibly familiar with the tab . you will probably want to do a little digging to see what a " factory reset " actually means ( might be in your manual , perhaps ) . that being said , there are instructions for getting a verizon tab back to stock here , and there might be similar ones floating around for other carriers . if you can get a custom recovery on to your device then you can simply back up your system before trying honeycomb and then restore from the backup . the easiest way to do it is probably just to install rom manager and flash clockworkmod recovery from there . there appear to be manual instructions about but they vary by carrier . personally speaking : i would not use an sdk port for anything other than showing off to people ( which can admittedly be a whole lot of fun ) . in a production environment i definitely would not risk it , and i honestly never kept them installed for more than about 30 or 45 minutes at a time to play with before restoring to a stable rom . they were fun sneak-peaks , but i have always found them highly unreliable ( though " your mileage may vary " is probably a good catch phrase here ) . edit : a word of caution to wifi tab users , this post on one of the honeycomb threads indicates that the current roms ( as of 6/19/2011 ) will not work on a wifi tab . i personally can not verify the validity of this statement , but this would not surprise me as other devices ( e . g . the xoom ) have similar incompatibility among roms .
the shell you get from adb shell does not run with special privileges , so you can not read or write files that you would not be able to with a normal app . if you want to access apps ' private data files , you still need to get root permission in the usual way , and use su from the shell . it is not possible to bypass the permissions system . if you want to access inaccessible files , you need to root the device , then use a root app to access them .
as far as i am know , cyanogenmod is not yet available for the droid 3 . while there maybe someone working on bringing it to that device , it currently is not " supported " . you can look at the wiki page , i think it is one of the more updated pages for supported devices , but then again , it also has not been updated since january . the " most accurate " sites to see if a device is supported is the cm-nightly changelog site and the download site . the nightly changelog site may show devices , but that does not mean they actually have a " stable " version . you would have to check the download site to see if there is a stable version . but as i said , i do not see the droid 3 on there right now . i believe the " codename " for the droid 3 is the " targa " i do want to add , that if you know of a way to root then rooting the device should be possible , you just wont be able to flash cm7 ( for now ) .
generally for video out , you can connect them to your tv to get an even larger screen , for example , to watch videos . or you might be able to use it for doing presentations on a projector , instead of using a laptop .
there is a very simple solution to your this wish . just simply head over to your settings . after headed , go to developer options . if you do not have the developer options then simply go to about phone> build number and tap the build number several times until you see a message that now you are a developer or something like that . now go to developer options and enable it . now scroll down until you see window animation scale . tap it and choose the time you want . you can even disable it ( set it to off . do the same to transition animation scale and to animator duration scale . you can even set different scale to different animations . and voila there you go ! ! hope it helped ; ) :d
stock keyboard ( as well as most 3rd-party keyboard apps ) has both auto-correct and auto-completion ( a . k.a. " suggestions" ) built in . access the keyboard settings via settings -> language and input -> android keyboard . from there you can enable and fine-tune the auto correction and suggestion options .
the broadcast channel is surely using radio data system ( rds ) , also called radio broadcast data system ( rbds ) in the united states . it is now common practice ( at least in my country ) to transmit informations like channel 's name , programme 's name or song 's name with this system . your app simply receives and parses these data to display it , like a compatible radio set or car 's radio would do .
one imagines they have built in something like shazam ; an app which fingerprints audio then looks it up in a database ( http://news.cnet.com/8301-1023_3-57617885-93/more-countries-can-shazam-songs-and-listen-on-rdio ) . i doubt the broadcaster has anything to do with it .
i have been using locale to turn on wifi and to switch to 2g based on location and have seen battery life improve . this was on my rooted g1/cm5 and also on my g2/cm6 . on my g2 , keeping wifi on at home and turning to 2g when at work improves battery life a lot . i also turn off sync while at work .
i am the developer of locale . battery life is a key metric that we test extensively . the only feature in locale that has any real effect on the battery is the location condition . at the time of this writing , the location condition in locale 1.4.3 can accurately detect 100-meter location changes within 4 minutes on average , while using 3% or less of the battery . if you have configured locale to turn wi-fi or bluetooth on/off , then battery life may actually improve depending on the exact configuration .
if you trigger events by gps co-ordinates ( and possibly wifi ) , then they will drain your battery significantly , like any other gps app would do . if you trigger events by date/time , etc . then you will experience minimal battery reduction . often the benefits of these apps weigh beyond any downside , i.e. turning your brightness down or screen timeout down when your battery is getting low .
for locale , both gps and wifi triggers can drain the battery more quickly . locale 's built-in location condition can consider cell towers without gps if you set the diameter of the location condition to about 2km . there is also a locale condition plugin , " location ( energy-saving ) " , which uses cell towers to determine location . it takes advantage of the fact that the phone is already listening for towers . the biggest potential drawback for using the energy-saving location is when you are in an area dense with cell towers , like a major urban downtown with lots of tall buildings ( especially if you work higher up where lots of towers are visible to the phone ) .
i am a long-time user of locale and a fairly new user of tasker . i find both to be very helpful tools in managing my device automatically . i use locale for all gps-related tasks . vibrate when at work between work hours . silent when at home between sleeping hours . when i first installed tasker i ported over these profiles and found that my battery life was decreased dramatically no matter how i tweaked the polling settings . tasker is more of a action/response application in my setup . when placed in the car dock , tasker autokills the car home application , enables bluetooth , and launches google navigation . when headphones are plugged in launch the cubed music player . disable vibration on all notifications when the computer usb cable is plugged in . i do not mind running both or having paid for both but i was disappointed in that i could not accomplish everything in tasker . the dual setup gives me at least 30% more battery life than running tasker alone . if you do choose tasker , be sure to experiment with the polling frequency of gps and network-based location . that also helps vary the battery usage dramatically .
do not forget that when using sensor based profiles . . combine them with non-sensor based . . like dont use a profile that will only check light level and adjust the display . . combine it with ' display on ' and a cooldown of some minutes . . and dont let it change level if it already has that level . . the battery use is in the hands of the user . check every profile you create if it uses any additional battery and if so . . tweak it . always have your location checked on cell instead of gps and if more accuracy is needed , still have your gps triggered by cell near . . so you get near an area , that will turn on the gps . . trigger your app . . . and have it switch off gps as soon as app is killed . . . when configuring cell near , let it ' roam ' for at least a minute , so you get all the cells needed . this kind of making tasks will make tasker a true battery saver .
as locale , tasker tries to minimize battery drain . of course , if using gps location , it needs to check gps -- which itself consumes a lot of battery when permanently updating the current position . but there is an easy solution to this issue . combining location conditions is where saving can kick-in : if you only need a raw position , stay with the cell near condition . as cells are either known to the system for telephony issues , this needs no " extra power " . if cell near is not exact enough , going with network based location is a little more accurate -- though this requires a little more battery power as well . if you need an as-accurate-as-possible location , combine conditions . e.g. put a cell near condition for the raw location , and add a gps position for more accuracy . tasker then would use gps only when the cell near condition matches . this way you have the best of two worlds : energy saving while not close to the configured locations , and accuracy for triggering the desired action .
fixed ! i posted a similar question on xda . forums and was pointed in the right direction relating to fastboot protocol . my device was not showing as installed correctly in device manager and nothing seemed to fix it , re-installing/driver updates etc . i started from scratch by uninstalling the original nabi drivers , java , sdk and adb drivers . ( i kept windows 8 usb unsigned drivers installed ) . i re-installed java , sdk , and adb drivers . i did not install the original nabi drivers . after re-installing everything , in device manager my device had no conflicts and when fastboot was selected in &lt ; 3e> recovery i then got the second fastboot protocol menu up and was able to use the command line to send the twrp image file to the device . ; 0 ) success .
i am gonna answer my own question here . apparently , something i did enabled the built in wifi tethering . . . before , it would fail when it attempted to validate it with t-mobile , but now it goes through that part just fine . . when it makes the hotspots , it is named foxfisomething-or-another so foxtrot might have something to do with it , but i think it was one of the flashable zips . . when i figure it out for certain , i will update this answer .
easiest way would probably be to use clock work mod or twrp or some other recovery to create a snapshot of his phone as it is now . then you can simply flash back to his phone as it was . this will back up his current rom with all his apps , settings , etc . if you want a clean factory image , then do a factory restore on the phone and then back that up with a recovery . you might want to do both : backup as is now , with apps , settings and all , then factory restore and backup again . this way you can restore either to his phone as it is now , or to clean stock . but that is up to you . a very good tool for managing all this is jrummy 's rom toolbox ( there is a lite version also , not sure what is left out in the lite version ) .
can i increase this capacity to 1500mAh or 2000mAh ? did you mean increasing capacity from 1350mAh to 1500mAh on same battery ? ? it is not possible . if your phone supports a battery with capacity 1500mAh or 2000mAh , you can buy a new battery with these increased capacity . check manufacturer 's website for details of phone and batteries .
when you switch sim cards , the phone does a factory reset . it thinks you sold the phone to someone else , or something . if you did not back up the contacts that were on the phone storage , they are lost .
if like most people you use a google account on your android phone , import your contacts to your google account , then they will be on any future android phone as soon as you sign in .
i found a pre-installed app on the htc wildfire transfer data that transferred all contacts and sms from the old sonyericsson phone , it was exactly what i needed .
you can copy all your sim contacts to htc wildfire s . import them as phone contacts , google contacts , or exchange activesync contacts , if you have set up the relevant accounts . from the home screen , tap > people . on the all tab , press , and then tap import/export > import from sim card . if you have google or exchange activesync accounts set up on htc wildfire s , tap the type for the imported contacts . do one of the following : tap one or more sim contacts you want to import . to import all contacts , press , and then tap select all . tap save .
two questions : are you sure the sim contacts were really imported or only displayed . is the option to show phone contacts checked after you changed the sim . if you go to contacts , press menu -> import/export -> import from sim card . the sim contacts should be imported into the phone and remain there . it is then just a matter of getting phone contacts displayed .
follow these steps : open contacts . you can reach this from the contacts shortcut in your app drawer or home screen , or via the contacts tab in your phone dialer . press the menu button . select import/export . select export from sim . click select all , or manually tick each contact you wish to copy to the phone . you may be asked where to copy the contacts to ; select the appropriate option . it takes no more than a second or two to copy over a few hundred contacts , so you will be done in less than the time it takes to send yourself just one via sms .
if you are using a custom rom ( like cyanogenmod ) or stock android go to Settings&gt;Display&gt;Automatic backlight . click on enable and select the window length option to change the time according to your needs .
after trying to recall my lock pattern a few more times , i noticed i had previously overlooked the " forgot password " text that was an inch or two below the lock pattern . the text blended in with my tablet 's background and was barely visible . chalk this one up to a clear case of operator failure .
in android , a launcher is no different to any other kind of app . the launcher just has an extra intent filter that launches it when you press the home button . if you have more than one launcher app installed , you get a chooser dialog to select one , just like any other time you perform an action that more than one app can handle ( such as sharing a photo ) . android packages are not like packages in gnu/linux distributions . they have very limited access to the system , and can not leave files behind them after you uninstall them ( except on the sd card , if they request the permission needed to access it ) . except when allowed with specific permissions ( which you should always check before installing ) , the only real problem they can cause is using the resources of your phone : taking too much power , network , or storage . in this respect , you do not need to worry about an unstable launcher any more than any other kind of app you install . if my understanding is correct launchers like buzz launcher or go launcher significantly change how android looks , but the changes perhaps do not stop just there . i think you are overstating how much a launcher can do . all it changes is how your home screen looks , including the list of apps and widgets you get to from the home screen . a launcher does not affect the appearance of any other app , nor does it change how android works . it is just an app you launch by pressing the home button .
you can try different launchers without worrying about " junk being left behind " or any kind of " permanent " damage . if you uninstall an app it and all its data are gone . i will not comment on the specific launchers you mentioned , since this is a very subjective and sometimes even heated subject . i suggest you try them out . if you do not like them uninstalling is all you need to do to get back to where you are now .
if you move and the signal gets stronger , that does not mean you moved closer to the wi-fi hotspot . because of shadowing and reflections , the signal strength varies unpredictably from place to place . the signal your phone receives is almost never a direct , line-of-sight signal , unless both you and the hotspot are in a huge , empty field . you had have to measure almost every point in the room to find the very best signal : any kind of " warmer , colder " method is not going to work at all . your best bet is just to tune it like a tv : try all the places you can put the phone down , and just see which one gives you the best signal . you do not need to go by the indicator on the notification bar , though : there are many apps that will tell you the received signal strength of all the wi-fi networks in the area . wi-fi analyzer is one ad-supported example , and there are lots more .
your phone only gets authenticated and can see signal strength but do not recieve data . that is a common problem even in newer phones . because every phone is other , there are more possible solutions : solution 1: on your phone under settings> > wifi > > hold the name of your network > > now click on forgot network . now reboot the phone and modem/router and try to connect the wi-fi again . solution 2: pull out the phone battery while it is working and re-install after 30 second . phone will reboot again now try to connect to network and check internet connectivity . solution 3: you can browse to settings> > wifi > > then press left menu key and click on advanced . now check that wi-fi timer is not off . if wi-fi timer is on then turn it off . now disable wi-fi and again enable it . now check the connectivity on android . solution 4 ( important ) : update your phone , modem and wi-fi router time and date to match the internet provider time and date . this is very important because 2 out of 10 cases are because of this issue . solution-5 check the internet connectivity after disabling the antivirus and mobile data .
unfortunately since you got it with mk2 you can not just install cwm or twrp . you can make a stock nandroid recovery backup . if you want to be able to flash roms in the future though , your going to need to look into the thread on xda for your phone named safestrap . i know they were working on getting it working on 4.3 but i am not certain . it was originally made for anyone who took the mf3 firmware ota update which locked down the firmware and patched the loki exploit . i am still using the old mdl bootloader so i have not checked the status of safestrap recently .
i do not know if you can get an odin-flashable one , but you can do it with clockworkmod recovery and then restore it with it . you will have to install cwm recovery first if you do not have it already and then just make a backup which can be downloaded on the pc .
yea , but with the recent update , no option to do this , i thought that it was strange , so i got fed up and called samsung and they said with 4.0.4 that you actually can not place icons in the tray , fail samsung . all other previous versions allowed this , i would have assumed that this would be a standard thing , apparently not .
on an unrooted phone , apps run as distinct users , and do not have access to any files created by other users or system files , i.e. they are ' sandboxed ' . since they can not make any such changes , i would say the only thing they can leave behind is a little detritus on your sd card . on a rooted phone , an app which has been granted root access can do pretty much anything that is possible in the hardware . apps that have root permissions can write on non-read-only storage media ( including modifying the bootloader ) , modify other programs ' private data , modify system settings , modify system files , etc . a rooted app can also hide itself from the system , and pretend to be uninstalled while being perfectly well and alive . basically , rooted apps can do anything that the hardware allows updated to include lie ryan 's info on rooted apps .
there is apparently a trojan on the loose on some chinese android phones . avg has a version for your android phone .
an antivirus solution would really be waste of processing resources and battery life . each application is running in a locked environment and it cannot really infiltrate or break anything on other applications nor on the os . the only thing i would be looking into are malicious applications that are sending your private info to a remote server . in order to do this , a user would need to accept the list of permissions to access their private content . follow these simple two rules to protect yourself about such malicious applications : - never install applications that just came out on the market . - read the comments , usually a malicious application should be rapidly identified and the users will report it in the comments .
an antivirus app will have a major effect on your battery life . a friend with an htc desire could not understand why he could never get more than 4 or 5 hours out of his battery , even turning most things off , until he remembered installing one of the av apps to try it out . removing that brought his battery life back up to what it should be . when the first android troojan virus hit back in august last year , similarly to the recent geinimi trojan , in both cases the affected user had to willingly install an app that was from a third-party source , and go through the permissions screen where the app specifically asks for permissions that it should not really need . an attentive and careful user can protect themselves from these kind of threats just by taking care to only install apps from trusted sources , and to read which permissions an app asks for as it installs , and stop to think whether it really needs to do things like read your contacts and send smss . the real problem will come when a virus learns to either break out of its app 's sandbox and into another , or learns how to give itself root access , or take advantage of the root access that someone else has installed . this is what the iphone worm of about a year ago did , when it took advantage of the fact that the most popular iphone jailbreak app left all jailbroken phones with the same root password by default , and most users never bothered changing the password . no android virus has yet been shown to be able to do that .
kaprica security have twisted this on the head . simply connect your android device to the skorpion charger and it will be scanned for malware , viruses , and malicious rootkits while it charges . a review entitled a smartphone charger that sniffs for malware was written on 4th october 2013 by r . metz for the mit review .
you need to install the software the page links to in the top right : nova launcher and ultimate custom widget . the files in the zip include a wallpaper ( which you set through the launcher 's settings ) , a theme for nova launcher , and settings to use with the widget . once you have installed the right software and played with its settings , it should become obvious how you need to use the files .
there is a known issue at android 4.4.1 kitkat with the camera . try another camera-app instead and see if it is an android problem . when the other app is working , i recommend to upgrade to 4.4.3 with the fix for this .
does it say " you have no subscriptions with unread items . " ? if not , then you may need to synchronise with your google account , or add some feeds manually . if you have synchronised with your google account , and/or have added feeds , you should be able to press Menu &gt; Show all this should display all of your subscriptions , whether they have new items or not . to go back to updated only : Menu &gt; Show updated
on the main screen of the app press the Menu button and select Show all . you should see a list of all your subscriptions below the SUBSCRIPTIONS heading , with unread items showing in bold and the unread count to the right . it should look similar to this : if you do not see anything listed there , you might want to double check the account you are using with the app by pressing the Menu button , and going to the Accounts option . there you can select your google account , and check if syncing is enabled for google reader .
as the screenshot clearly shows , the app to take screenshots and the app to indicate the battery level never got closed . yes your are absolutely correct , even it display no of application are closed it actually free resources used by application . as per my understanding it closes some running services which are nothing but ui less applications . some applications which are installed in device uses this service for many reasons such as alarm clock , or to check periodic update of an applications etc . there are some service though that even you close them manually they just get restarted .
after some research i found some app on market that sets this global setting ( ' stayawake ' ) . missing setting looks like samsung or tmo customization . i am running official tmo 2.2 update ( t959uvka6 ) installed via minikies
if it is not in that menu it is probably no longer supported by default . you could likely achieve the same effect with either tasker or android scripting environment though .
somewhat related to developing , though . . . homescreen> menu button> settings> applications> development> stay awake that is what it is like for aosp phones , not sure about the vibrant .
from your description , there are two obvious possibilities . the first is that some static electricity or oil on the touch screen is causing it to think you are touching it . try giving the screen a good wipe . also , earth yourself by holding a metal water pipe with one hand , and cover the screen with your other hand . the alternative is a manufacturing defect in the touch screen . faulty touch screens are quite a common problem with cheaper tablets . if you can manage to do this with all the false touches , try to install a paint program from google play and run it on your tablet . leave the paint program running for a few minutes , and any false touches will paint on the screen . you can see where they are happening . you may see a pattern to them , such as all being in one strip of the screen , or always at one point . that would confirm that it is a fault in the touch screen , in which case you should return your tablet and get it replaced .
let 's say : without rooting the device , it is quite unlikely to be possible . on a rooted device , one could symlink the download folder to a folder located on the sdcard , and thus trick the system to directly download to the card ( the way link2sd works with installing apps on sdcard ) .
it is not possible afaik look at those two links : http://forums.androidcentral.com/android-applications/246277-download-install-apps-sd-card.html http://androidforums.com/samsung-galaxy-precedent/620201-there-way-download-apps-straight-sd-card.html but you can download it and move to sd card . for that see this link
no . built-in drivers are not modules , they are built-in ( hence the name ) . if it is not showing in lsmod , you can not get rid of it short of building a new kernel .
it is viable , as there are custom roms i have seen that contains the original kernel but different system files . there is a catch though : if for example your device ships with cyanogenmod and you want to put pa on it , you will have to get your hands dirty with the ramdisk as each rom needs slightly different init* files to boot . as for installing the rom , you will need to put it in a zip file and include a META-INF folder which will contain the files responsible for the correct rom flash , e.g. updater-script . the full procedure is too long to mention here , so i would say you should head over to xda to get the info you need .
you just need to add the --user 0 option to your am command .
you will have to be rooted to control from home screen . button savior root will do this for you . you can also download and install volume control + which allows you . to . modify the volume without a rooted device - you will have to use the widget or app ui however .
since you have evervolv 's rom i assume you have a custom recovery . backup all the files on your sd card . boot to recovery and partition your sd card . i would suggest at 1gb for sd ext .
this will only allow you to install apps automatically onto the sd card if : they have set the app to install onto the sd card ' auto ' they allow you to install onto the sd card most likely , the app ( s ) you are trying to download does not have an auto setting for sd card install , and it cannot be installed onto the sd card .
i suggest you better battery stats , it is what you are looking for .
check rf signal tracker also open signal maps
there are a some apps available which would answer your question . the probably best ones include . . . nosignalalert , which not only alerts you when you lost the signal , but also provides a log 1 of those events , and lets you even browse those " dead zones " on a map and display the collected log information along 2 opensignalmaps , offering similar features , and giving you the ability to show nearby cells 3 ( so if your signal is low , and you want to have a conversation , you can move in the right direction 4 for a stronger signal ) if you are primarily interested in mapping signal quality , antennas might be worth a look as well 5 . it can export collected data to kml , so you can display it in google maps / google earth on your computer as well . then there also is already mentioned rf signal tracker , again rather interesting for mapping 6 , which additionally tracks wifi signal last but not least : g-nettrack is also good for mapping 8 of daily routes and the like . what might be of even more interest to you is how to automatically react on a weak signal in order to save some juice . if so , i recommend you taking a look at the question cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? ( and of course its answer ) .
try the sim info app ; it gives you information about your sim , including your number .
how about taking the sim out and see the number printed on its back side ( the other side of the contact surface ) or next to it ? just thought to say this just in case if you are not aware of !
the best way actually is to dial *#06# on your android phone and it will pop up .
try the sim card details app , this is the best . easy to copy the numbers you get .
or you can dial *1# from your mobile number
i think the best solution is sim card manager .
i got back ios-like headset control on the google nexus 4 ( n4 ) such as solving the voice command problem from a locked phone with the headset button using " headset button controller " from the play store . i solved this one eventually , but there are many pitfalls . so , this is how i got it to work : first , you can not seem to use the long button press for anything ; so , do not use it . second , set one of the other button press combos ( i used triple press ) to " voice search " and say yes to wake up dialogue box . then , go the advanced settings and select " run in foreground " and " prevent sleep mode " . this actually get you to google voice search from locked , screen off phone and allows voice commmands . the other voice control actions do not seem to work .
as with your other question , i think you will have to use an app other than google 's voice actions to get this functionality ( at least at the current time ) . this is another feature that dragon supports , though . if you enable the " background wake-up " setting then you can use the phrase " hi dragon " to launch the app from anywhere , including when the screen is locked . for that matter , you can say " hi dragon " while the screen is off and it will wake up the device and launch dragon for you without requiring any manual input at all .
i wanted to do the same thing but the long press feature seems to be locked down by google . my work around was to install headset button controller and bind three button presses in a row to voice search which works great . there is a trial version but i was happy to pay a few euro for the feature . incidentally , the app also fixed the headset button not responding sometimes when the screen was locked by enabling prevent sleep mode while the headset is plugged in . its in the advanced settings area . i am using a galaxy nexus on 4.2.2
q : how does bump work ? a : there are two parts to bump : the app running on your device and a smart matching algorithm running on our servers in the cloud . the app on your phone uses the phone 's sensors to literally " feel " the bump , and it sends that info up to the cloud . the matching algorithm listens to the bumps from phones around the world and pairs up phones that felt the same bump . then we just route information between the two phones in each pair . q : no way . what if somebody else bumps at the same time ? a : way . we use various techniques to limit the pool of potential matches , including location information and characteristics of the bump event . if you are bumping in a particularly dense area ( ex , at a conference ) , and we cannot resolve a unique match after a single bump , we will just ask you to bump again . http://bu.mp/faq your phone has some idea of where you are using cell phone cells or wifi networks , the are several applications that use that . gps would only work outdoors . so using time of the bump and somewhat accurate location provided by either cell phone cells or wifi networks it can see which two phones are bumping .
it took a lot of effort but i actually found a working solution to my problem . i first updated my phone to latest available android version 2.3.6 and that did not solve my problem . so i installed an app that shows me more details about the network setup of my phone . and after some digging around i noticed what was wrong : my phone did not have a default ipv4 route . how did that happen ? in the dhcp i push a default route ( dhcp option 3 ) ! i realized that when i just had the ipv6 link ( which is part of a whole new internet connection ) my phone did connect to the internet with both ipv4 and ipv6 . so i recreated the original setup and found that in that scenario indeed it does work . so what is different ? it took me two nights with wireshark to track the culprit down . the real reason turns out to be that i have a static route for my dmz which is pushed by my ipv4 dhcp server ( dhcp option 121 ) . when i do that the android phone only shows a route for the local subnet and the additional route i pushed . the default route is lost , hence ipv4 traffic is distorted . apparently android even no longer tries to do ipv4 dns requests ( which is the problem i started with ) . all of my other systems ( windows {xp , 7} , linux , android 3 . x ) do not do this and they keep all of the pushed routes and the default route . once i figured out what the problem was i could google more effectively and i found this bug report : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=17525 which in turn led to a workaround that actually works ! ! quote from http://forum.xda-developers.com/archive/index.php/t-635489.html so when looking at the dhcp ack packet you will see the default route in there twice : under option 3 and 121 . quite an unexpected workaround . . . but it works for me . it turns out the android behaviour is correct : http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3442#page-5 "If the DHCP server returns both a Classless Static Routes option and a Router option, the DHCP client MUST ignore the Router option." 
you could report the bug to the android developers , or vote on an existing bug , if there already is one open . this one looks a bit like the issue you are talking about . make sure you explain exactly what is happening , and how they can reproduce the issue .
i have an htc desire x . what i do is to put a password on my phone and just plug it in without unlocking the screen , which lets the phone charge without giving someone on the computer the ability to open your files . hope that helps .
strictly speaking as long as you leave the data lines open the behavior depends on the phone and the computer you plug it into . your best option would be hardware-only to make sure that the computer does not get to see any of the data . a recently funded kickstarter project named lockedusb aims to provide exactly that , also in light of potentially malicious " charging stations " in public places . i am not linking it since that may be considered spam and that is certainly not the intent behind this answer . a web search can lead the way to them . from their description : lockedusb is an small adapter that allows secure charging of your personal devices . it physically disconnects the data lines , while keeping intruders away from your personal information . with this kind of solution you will also avoid bad surprises when you forget to switch something off in software on the phone and thereby involuntarily expose your device . aside from that it is a generic solution that will work without software support on either side and gives you the peace of mind you seem to be looking for when charging your device in other peoples ' computers . disclosure : i am one of the funders of the above mentioned project on kickstarter .
when your phone is plugged into a computer there should be a usb symbol in the notifications bar . tapping the notification associated with this should allow you to switch between mtp/ptp ( whichever you have selected in settings ) and " just charge " . edit : apologies , it looks as though this is an htc-specific thing , and not general . i am new here - should i leave this answer with this edit , or delete the answer ?
it is perfectly possible to skip android versions , but 2.3 has not been released for the galaxy s . see when will my phone get the android 2.3 update ( gingerbread ) ? you could try a custom rom , however ; check out xda 's sgs development forum to find one .
there is a beta version of a custom gingerbread rom made by darky ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=814091 ) , but it is still a bit tricky to install and not a stable release . it works almost flawlessly on my phone , but there are some bugs . if you had like to have an official or a stable rom , best to wait .
you can have app-specific notification settings . have you gone into the settings of the offending apps to see whether they are set to vibrate on notifications ?
install an app called audiomanager . it has separate vibrate checkboxes for alerts and ringer . setting the checkbox for alerts fixed the issue for me .
please clarify what is the intended goal and why ? android phones have their own boot-loaders and cannot be overridden by other means . it is not like a pc 's bios where you can switch the ordering of boot to boot from certain devices such as network pxe , usb , primary/secondary h.d.d. . . edit : after the comments below , and in relation to the op 's question is there any way to boot an android phone ( e . g . one with usb otg functionality . ) via way of a bus-powered usb drive the generic boot-loader ( *which resides on the chip-set ) has no knowledge of usb etc , as the lk ( little kernel ) is more concerned about trapping keystrokes in order to chain-load into recovery or to boot directly into android environment ( when holding vol+down key in this instance ) - in pseudo-code ( this is from the context/aspect of lk , and also , the memory addresses pertaining to how to read the partitions are hard-coded into this lk so it will know how to process the logic ! ) the lk kernel is the de-facto standard by qualcomm for msm chipsets ( snapdragon ) and adopted by manufacturers such as sony , motorola , lg , samsung and can be found in the aosp source under bootable/bootloader . if ( is volume down key pressed ? ) then chain-load kernel from /recovery partition into particular address in memory and jump to it and start execution , in bringing up the recovery environment else chain-load kernel from /system partition into particular address in memory and jump to it and start execution in bringing up the android environment . end if . as the kernel within lk is pretty limited , considering that the binary image of the kernel is burned into the chip and therefore no way of modifying it . and also should be mentioned that lk contains the fastboot protocol in preparation for flashing /boot , /recovery , /system and /data partitions . there are two sequences to boot , primary boot and secondary boot as it is : primary boot -> lk ( depending on outcome of logic ) go into secondary boot -> /boot or /recovery side note : samsung is fond of the pbl/sbl ( which is primary boot loader and secondary boot loader respectively ) in their jargon when it comes to modding . thing about samsung , is that , in some handsets , pbl and sbl may be encrypted ( samsung wave gt-s8500 is one such example , where porting android to it was nearly impossible to do because of the drm within the boot loaders which was a nightmare to deal with and made modding it extremely difficult , nonetheless , it is sort of working via an exploit in the fota code ! ) this is why there are no extra facilities such as otg functionality or anything else such as serial communications , reading from sdcard , graphics etc as it would make the lk kernel bigger than is intended . in other words , it is the smallest possible size of kernel that is designated to do just the above pseudo-code happen . also , another way of looking at it is this , and this is dependent on the android version - the usb otg functionality is fully brought up within the android environment , i.e. when the familiar home screen appears , then otg 's functionality is enabled . unfortunately not the case when looking at it from lk 's perspective . if you are curious , here 's the qualcomm entry on the above lk which is a part of the tiny c source that has arm assembly included and found in jellybean 's aosp source in bootable/bootloader/legacy/usbloader/main.c
try to use vlc for android . : )
it is likely because the player app you are using is not aware of the embedded chapters . i recommend searching google play store for video player apps that support this feature . a quick google search points to simple cinema and xbmc ( not on google play ) . i have not tried these personally , but this should start you off in the right direction .
add the files to the /media/audio/ringtones directory on your sd card . see also : how do i set a custom mp3 as a ringtone for other notifications ?
open the . mp3 file in the stock media player , and from there choose menu> set as ringtone .
use ringdroid ! it is got a spectacular gui , it automatically finds all music files on your phone , and allows you to make custom ringtones and set them directly from the app . best ringtone app i have ever used .
if you need a fresh phone , reboot in recovery mode and select wipe data . it will format your /cache and /data partitions . then no data will be there other than your sd card .
you can try 1tap cleaner : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.a0soft.gphone.acc.freehl=en . it works on non rooted devices . edit : try clean master . it scans the memory card for large cache file that you can delete altogether .
if you mean clearing all app and user data on the phone , you can do a factory reset via settings -> privacy -> factory data reset . note that this erases all data on the phone , not just app data .
you can do factory reset under such case . go to settings -> sd and phone storage -> factory data reset . i do not think an app without root can do it as apps are limited in their own sandbox .
i too suffered this issue ( several times on different roms ) . nlpwakelocks appeared in an insanely high abundance ( several thousand wakelocks in a single day ) . my first fix consisted of uninstalling all updates of google play , google services framework and google play services , clearing caches and deleting the data of the before mentioned in appmanager , then do a reboot and re-install the updates again . magically , the number of wakelocks dropped to a quite acceptable level . it still was the major cause of wakelocks , but it did not drain the battery nearly as much as before . since then , i had the " use wireless networks " setting enabled without heavy battery drain . i could happily live with this result . however , since i updated to 4.3 ( cm 10.2 ) , there is no longer a button to uninstall updates of those services in appmanager . luckily though , clearing caches and data then reboot seems to suffice now . the only caveeat seems to be google maps . since the update , you need to be logged in to your google account to see your favorite places in google maps . unfortunately , maps then begins to poll your location every few minutes , thus raising nlpwakelocks to an alarming level again . since i have not found a workaround for this yet , i always logout of google maps after use and login again when needed . not very comfortable , but this way i am still able to use google now while experiencing an acceptable battery life . additionally , if you are not using google talk/hangouts at all , log out and uninstall ( with something like titanium backup ) . if you have got a real autostart killer ( e . g . autostart manager ) , try to stop every service running with ' gtalk ' in its name ( in autorun manager , there is a very convenient search field for that ) . this last pararaph has nothing to do with nlpwakelocks , but it should reduce the google services framework drain considerably . hope this helps !
looking at your logcat it appears you have installed the xprivacy app . this seems to be requesting your location constantly . try removing this app and see if that helps . this post on xda appears to confirm the problem . looking through that thread a bit more it appears that there were changes to reduce this but it could be an issue with apps that request your location not liking the data it gets . you could also try installing wakelock detector and see if that sheds any light on the issue .
this is more of a linux question , and it may need to be moved to superuser . se , but i can answer it . on linux , you string commands using &amp;&amp; ( or || or just ; ) . with &amp;&amp; , the first command must finish executing and have no error codes in order for the next command in the sequence to run . in your setup , it looks like you want to open an adb shell , and then run netcfg rndis0 dhcp on the adb shell . however , linux does not do that . instead , it is waiting for the adb shell to exit without errors , after which time it will run netcfg rndis0 dhcp on the desktop computer 's shell . if you want to run a command on the android device , you do not start an interactive adb shell ( the default ) ; rather , you pass the command like so : adb shell netcfg rndis0 dhcp you will need to change your alias for n to be a variable instead . remove the alias directive so the line just reads n='netcfg rndis0 dhcp' . then change your alias for t to be as follows alias t='r and and sh $n '
you could always remove the home number from your contact information . it will then match your wife when getting a call from home . you can try re-adding the home number back to your own contact card and see if the change sticks . if you have the home number in your own contact info as well as your wife 's , android will display the first contact it finds . since your ' self ' card was probably synced before your wife 's card , android shows your ' self ' card as the incoming contact . ( whereas before , you likely added the home number to your wife 's contact first , then to your ' self ' card later ) . there is another android . se question asking a similar question .
i do not know about sms but you can block all incoming calls . just go to settings > call settings ( under " device" ) > call blocking and select your preferred settings i.e. block incoming calls .
the fact that you replaced your lcd and digitizer of the tablet may suggest that this will be a hardware problem . assuming that the device was functional before the ' surgery ' . you might want to double check all the connectors of the digitizer and or display . when that is all 100% correct you can consider that the digitizer will be dead on arrival . good luck . .
a search of the play store for the phrase " game services " finds about 20 games at the moment . additionally this google docs spreadsheet lists many games with game services integration : https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/lv?key=0aitefls7rhjydfzgufq5mfliu2iznfpmqtazc0jhmk
adding any number of duplicate ssid 's is possible if you have a unique ip address . in lay man 's terms ssid is nothing but just an identification given to that particular network given to distinguish that network from others for simplicity . what defines that network is it is ip address . if you have a conflict between an ip address then it may be a real problem . for some devices ( like samsung ) you need to check the to display open network connection if available in order to view open connections and for some devices it shows by default . ex:-let 's say you have two network 's with ssid as test . test1 has an open connection available for public use and test2 is for personal use and is encrypted . your mobile device will simply connect to a network whose signal strength is good . as the ip address is different there will not be any conflict and you can do your browsing . in case there is any conflict ( same signal strength ) then the device will ask the user to select the desired network or search for a new network . caution:-browsing an open network for reasons related to finance leads to severe security threats browse at your own risk . an ip address serves two principal functions : host or network interface identification and location addressing . its role has been characterized as follows : " a name indicates what we seek . an address indicates where it is . a route indicates how to get there . the most simple definition for ip address i could give is- ip address act as you house address to which the shipment has to be delivered . if you have two same addresses then to whom will the shipment be delivered . for further details about ip read this
if nobody else is having the issue , i would send it back for a replacement . you probably just got unlucky . though you might also want to compare the wifi signal strength with your other phone , and try some speed tests to see if it is actually an issue or if the number of bars is just misleading .
this link : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/google%20mobile/thread?tid=72cde4a29b9021c3hl=en on the google forums would indicate that there are some connectivity issues with the nexus s
the system app , performancemanager . apk has the line hello world , pmeasyview ! in the resources . arsc file . this does not appear to be malware , just a mistake that this appears to some users with the motorola task / performance manager .
it is likely to be a debugging message from a program you have installed that the programmer forgotten to remove . if you want to seek which program that does it ; you can try to copy all installed applications ( android apps are installed from market are in /data/app/ , pre-installed apps are in /system/app/ ) , unzip them ( an . apk is basically a zip file with a certain directory structure ) , and search which ones contains the string ( you can use grep in linux/mac or find in windows ) . if you do found out which are the offending app , please post it here to save other people from the hassle .
it seems that you are connecting the tab in media player ( mtp ) mode . try switching it to camera mode , it usually gives better results . if i remember correctly , this option can be found in Settings -&gt; Storage -&gt; Menu button (top right) -&gt; USB computer connection .
most likely hidden directories used by android to store hidden data , that are shown/visible when you connect it to your computer . try using root explorer on your tablet to see the directories .
yes you have full 16gb for apps+data together in a single file system . you will not have to do any moving to sd card any more . google merged both partitions . it is just one big file system now with sections for the former parts . it is completely transparent , so no worries for you . formerly : /data and /sdcard were separate partitions galaxy nexus / nexus 7 and others running jelly bean : one single partition for both , i.e. no need to decide how to divide the space for both any more . to make it more generic : the partition layout will however not change for former phones ( most probably ) , so devices which got upgraded to 4 . x+ will still have separate file systems for both /data and /sdcard . if your device has an additional micro sd card this will also be separate still . by the way : this is the reason why there is no usb-thumbdrive functionality any more for the galaxy nexus ( because /sdcard is not a single partition any more and also there is no fat32 formatted partition internally ( except for sd cards if existent ) )
remove unnecessary contacts , take a backup contacts to sd card using the option > > back up to sdcard/storage or something similar . delete all your contacts , then import form sd card , you will get an option to select to which the contacts has to be saved . select phone and you are done . your contacts are always stored in your phone , at /data/data/android.providers.contacts a copy of it is stored in your google account when you sync . remember the contacts that are under Google only will get synced . nothing will happen when you log out from your google account . only auto sync is off .
go to contacts . press contacts to display , then select which merged contact you want to display . or , select all contacts . you can also customise the contacts to display .
if the phone can be put into usb mass storage mode , then it is possible to recover deleted files ( especially on sd cards ) using recovery tools like recuva . you might also want to look at this question : dban on android
one more hint is nuke my phone : nuke my phone protects your privacy by secure deleting your personal data , such a photos and videos , and returning your phone to factory settings . now you can safely repurpose old devices or upgrade your current one without worrying about unauthorized data recovery . nuke my phone delivers the peace of mind that comes only from knowing your personal data cannot be compromised . works directly on the device .
since you already did a factory reset , then i think that the problem lies in the /system/build.prop . are you rooted ? if so , connect your phone to your pc , make sure you have adb , and do this in a terminal : adb pull /system/build.prop  in the build.prop file you just copied from the phone , look for ro.sf.lcd_density . change the number to something low , like 160 or 240 . save the file , and do this in a terminal to put it back onto the phone : adb push build.prop /sdcard/build.prop adb shell su cp /sdcard/build.prop /system/build.prop chmod 0644 /system/build.prop reboot  if you are not rooted , then you would probably have to do a firmware reflash ; although i am not familiar with lg 's way of doing that .
i believe superoneclick works for rooting the motorola droid on 2.2 . http://shortfuse.org/?page_id=2 after rooting your phone , you can use wifi tether for root users . https://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/
when i first rooted my droid ( with easyroot ) , i remained on the stock rom until i got annoyed by the ota update message ( and ended up switching to cm6 ) . however , i was able to use wireless tether without doing anything else . no new kernel , no mods , nada . just root on vanilla android . if you have already updated to the latest version of android via ota , then i am pretty certain you had have to downgrade your phone to get root to work unless there is a new method to get root now . i know for a fact that easyroot no longer works with the ota update .
open hangouts app -> preference -> account -> logout .
there is no way to do this , other than to disable the hangout application itself . ( go to applications - hangount - click disable )
the availability option has been deprecated in hangout . to make yourself invisible or so , either you have to downgrade to gtalk or the easiest way you can do this by going to your gmail account from your pc . there you should find this availability option .
the usb port was damaged - and sent it back and got the new n7 instead ( 2013 model )
i have had similar results with my samsung galaxy nexus . it will be charging fine when plugged in to the pc , but the pc will be oblivious to any device being connected . and it worked fine the day before . my first thought was also software fault . but it happened with multiple usb cables on multiple pcs . what i did notice was that sometime , especially when i plugged it in slowly , it will flash with a " could not install device " prompt on windows . which means it did find something , even if only briefly . i managed to successfully connect by plugging it in only 50% on the device . obviously this was not ideal , so i investigated further . turns out my usb micro slot on the device was not exactly straight . the tongue inside the receptacle was just a fraction too close to the side , very nearly touching the bottom . what i did to fix it was very gently insert a toothpick between the tongue and the bottom of the receptacle and lift it up , just a tiny fraction . i cannot overstate how gently you need to be . that solved it and it has not given me any problems for the past 6 months .
in my case , this helped to change your device 's usb connection options , touch settings > device > storage > menu > usb computer connection . for more information , see google support
i had the same problem . i fixed it by : shutting down my phone removing the battery and sd card putting it back turning my phone on . it is all there again . phewww ! maybe my sd card had an epileptic moment for awhile .
updates of this kind are usually for the camera as a whole and not just app centered . for a detailed analysis i suggest you read this . the update as a whole brought changes to the api the way the auto focus , white balance , etc in pictures taken as a whole . you will notice changes ( for the better ) in pictures taken from a 3rd party app too .
the boot.img that is responsible for booting up android , has their init scripts embedded in the ram disk of the actual boot.img which mounts the partitions into the respective /data , /cache , /system mount points respectively . by altering the init scripts to hit on the sdcard , could lead to an unstable system , furthermore , reducing the life of the sdcard via wear and tear of the sdcard - why ? the kernel when booting , is loading from the / which is within the same partition as the boot partition - hence the need for the ram disk to be present along with it . it is that , which gets loaded into memory - a temporary file-system , in order for the init scripts to be read in and executed . once the mount points are established , then the ram disk gets removed and thereby , the temporary file-system a lá ram disk , gets " flipped " over to the real partitions at a later stage during the bootstrap . this is where the ram disk comes in - only temporarily , it is through that , the whole process of booting can happen . the chicken and egg is this - the kernel prior to boot , has no idea what partitions are there ! not alone that , by hard-coding the sdcard into the kernel 's init parameter , which is a specific option that can be passed into the kernel upon boot in which it alters the kernel 's processing of the environment . the wear and tear of the sdcard would be significantly increased , not alone that , the entire android ecosystem would drastically change , the api 's have defined internal storage and external storage - so it could lead to confusion in where to store their own content providers for contacts etc , " are we sitting on a external storage or internal storage ? " from the perspective of android itself , bear in mind , the content providers itself are housed in internal storage and from an overall picture , its one of de-facto standard convention for android 's file-systems involved . so to sum up , i do not think that is possible , not ruling out its impossible either but if it can be done , chances are it will be tied intimately to the handset itself , give or take , what manufacturers put in there from a perspective of partition format types ( yaffs , emmc , linusstoreiii , and more importantly , the sdcard handling mechanism from the kernel/hardware viewpoint will be different - am talking about different io addresses here ) and not alone that , differing sizes of the partitions also , this would make the whole concept of android - not exactly portable either due to non-standard scripts found within the ram disk itself .
there are two kind of solutions . one is to repartition , as you do not mentioned what kind of android powered smartphone you have i will try to get deep and the other to move apps to microsd ( please read below ) . if your device has a mediatek cpu you can try meteos tool for repartitioning , you can find some details here http://www.modaco.com/topic/365701-re-partition-any-mtk6589-phone-without-a-pc-more-data-storage/ . this application can be used on the smartphone and repartition the memory to different sizes depending on the selection of the user and the limit of the memory itself . i have used it , it is very easy to be implemented . the other solution is to use something that is called link2sd . this although is not repartitioning the memory , it moves every app even other files to the microsd memory ( there are solution to run the whole rom from the microsd ) and have free space at the smartphone memory . this way it solves the problem of the internal low memory .
when connecting to a mac , it is no longer a direct option , but there is an easy workaround . from the mac , download , install and start this app : http://www.android.com/filetransfer/ the mac app will prompt you to connect your android . plug the android into a usb port . on the android , select “media sync” mode . on the mac , the file transfer app will show a window with file/folder selections . on the mac , open a finder window , then drag and drop files back and forth between finder and the android file transfer app . unlike the old “disk drive” option , the android file transfer app does not provide access via a mounted volume .
you can not move apps to sdcard on the sony xperia m . unless your device is rooted .
i would do it by using the free version of endomondo . on your site profile , you can than export the data in . gpx or . tcx format .
you could try gps logger for android . a lightweight , battery efficient gps logger . the purpose of this app is to log your gps coordinates at specified intervals to a file on your sd card . this app runs in the background so that you can on a long walk , hike , flight ride or photo session or even go buy some milk and have this running as long as possible . once you are back at your computer , you can then use the files to geotag photos , upload to travel sites , view in google earth and so on . the app lets you send the data via email , ftp , dropbox , google docs , openstreetmap , or opengts . what you do with it , programming-wise , is entirely up to you ; this part is off-topic here .
the easiest way to do this is use google location sharing/history , a.k.a. latitude . your phone already has all the functionality to do this : you just need to turn it on . then , you can use the api of google location sharing to retrieve the location history of the phone and process it any way you like . you do not need any server-side programming to do this . all that said , probably the best way to get into gis programming is through openstreetmap . it is a huge , complex dataset and offers lots of opportunities for analysis and for learning about different ways of storing , representing , and processing geographic data .
according to " diana fromgameloft " on the gameloft forums : you and your friends have to play the same version of the game on the same platform/device in order to see each other . also " gameloft_ryan " posted on windows phone central forums to say : you can only play cross-platform multiplayer with w8 and wp8 users . there is not cross-platform for android and ios . so unfortunately it looks like gameloft have not included cross-platform multi-player in asphalt 8 , so you and your friend will not be able to play against each other .
it all depends on the developer . some games , like btd5 do not allow cross platform playing , however some do , like spaceteam . its up to the developer if he implements cross platform gaming or not . if its not offered , there is not much you can do about it .
sure is ! when you get your new android phone and sign in with your google account , it will automatically start to re download your apps ! if you want to root the new phone , and the previous one ( the one you own now ) was also rooted , you could use titanium backup as well to back up your apps and reinstall the them with all their data on the new device .
i have just a few hours ago flashed clockworkmod recovery on my galaxy s in order to switch from stock rom to cyanogenmod . simply follow the instructions from the official samsung galaxy s full update guide . the relevant section about flashing recovery contains the steps you need to follow . make sure to read the note at the end of the section if the first kernel does not work for you ( it did not work for me ) .
the general consensus is there is usually different partitions available : system data cache boot recovery when a guide says to flash " partition " where partition is one of the above , then that implies transferring the contents destined for the partition . the mileage will vary depending on the handset/manufacturer as not all of them actually have implemented partitions like the above . usually it can be done with using the cable plugged in and using fastboot . for example : to flash a kernel onto the boot partition one can undertake it like this : sudo fastboot flash boot boot_image_file.img  followed by : sudo fastboot reboot  likewise in the op 's case , its referring to the recovery partition . sudo fastboot flash recovery recovery_image_file.img  i would be wary about using rom manager to do this for you without using a computer ; have got bitten by it , and found that it can sometimes , be incorrect with regards to using recovery i.e. clockworkmod recovery , it was so convinced that i had a very old version of cwm , when in reality , the latest was installed ; end result , i messed up the recovery and threw away rom manager as i preferred to do it on the computer - less errors and that the human checking is in place .
from the link you provided , you have problem to make rom manager work . use this app . rom manager flashes the cwm recovery from within the app . there is no need of another computer at all . . .
looking a bit further i discovered that i have to click 7 times on build number on phone details to enable the developer settings .
try to flash clockworkmod on the phone . if this is possible you can make a backup of the original system and trying to rescue important files . after this download a new rom thats suitable for your phone and flash this by using clockworkmod . be very sure that you install the right clockworkmod and rom version on your phone and follow the instructions very well .
what you need is download y210 recovery installer - search google for it . do not plug in the phone yet . after that launch y210 recovery installer . i think is rar file from unknown language - my guess is myanmar . now power up your phone into recovery mode . power + down - hold both for 10-15 seconds plug in your usb . click on y210 button - you will not see anything but the program running in background wait for few minutes then the y210 will say ok , ok , ok . unplug your phone and power down . or remove the battery for 5 seconds then power up with power + up you will see recovery mode . go to menu and select turn off signature verification . then go back and install from sd card and select your zip file . that is all --- good luck ! due to os bootloader locked by this feature you can not rooted unless you disable signature verification . after you can root your phone . with y210 root . zip - search for it .
as the developer documentation describes , an app needs the permission com.google.android.c2dm.permission.RECEIVE to receive gcm messages . this shows up in the permissions list as " receive data from internet " ( which is a little vague , i know ) . of course , the presence of the permission does not necessarily mean the app actually will use gcm . even if it does use gcm , it might not use it for all the uses you think it might use it for : maybe only some kinds of ' refresh ' or polling operations can be replaced by gcm uses . and even if it uses gcm fully , in all the ways you had expect , it is still possible for the app to use more power than it needs to . using gcm is no guarantee that the app is well-written or efficient .
yet to find a way for chrome without installing a tablet ui rom . boat browser has this feature . after initial install it will dissapear if you scroll down the page . if you go to settings and lab , just tick the top option to show nav bar . dolphin browser also allows this but used too much battery and ran more sluggish to be worth it . i dont understand why chrome doesnt allow it . im on a note 1 . its a deal breaker browser feature for me .
you can also free space when you move the dalvik-cache to the sd-card . the problem is that android uses a cache for the applications effectively double the occupied space in the data partition . together with link2sd it can be very effective .
i do not know how much the installed size of the app is . but considering how the install process works , the explanation might be easy : the .apk is downloaded to /data/local ( internal storage ) for installation , it might require some unpacking , with temporary files again being created on internal storage only after that , the app will be stored to its final location ( in your case , link2sd would then take care to move things to your card ) checking with our insufficient-memory tag-wiki , you will find that the " insufficient memory " error is triggered when available free space on internal storage falls below ~ 25 mb . now let 's make a little math : you have got ~64 mb free there . the .apk is ~18 mb . we need to leave ~25 mb to not trigger the error . so : 64 - 18 - 25 = 21 . if the installation process requires more than 21 mb for temporary files , you have got your explanation . with the ( packed ) .apk file already being 18+ mb in size , it is very likely to break that limit . for a possible work-around , you might want to take a look at configure play store to download temporary files to sd card .
you can check with the corresponding wiki page at the cyanogenmod website to find the correct version of the gapps zip file . once downloaded , place it into the root of your sdcard , then reboot your device into ( custom ) recovery . from there , chose " install zip from sdcard " , and select the file you have just downloaded . that should install gapps on your device .
i did have a problem similar similar to this with my d802 . the solution may probably be the same for you . here 's what i have done : at first to install all prerequisites , follow this article - starting from 1 Download all the files below up to 5. copy all files and folders ... afterwards : run cmd as admin ( was needed for me to get the system 's hosts-file changed ) . from cmd run Automatic Offline Procedure.vbs put your phone into download mode ( vol-up + plug usb ) within r and d flash tool : " select type " - 3gqct " phone mode " - emergency " select kdz file " on the right hand side : choose your previously loaded stock rom click the ( flat ) button titled " normal web upgrade test " in the next window click on " upgrade start " now on " clear phone software update registry " and select " different country " and your language ( if possible – was empty with me ) enjoy your phone being flashed with the stock rom after having pressed " ok " : ) this should do the trick . at least this worked for me without any problems . if there are any problems or questions regarding the r and d tool , please referer to this thread on xda-developers . i know , it is probably too late for you . but maybe this can help others in the future . : ) regards , mh166
what have you done after the factory reset -- installing everything you have had installed before ? best way to figure out where the problem is located is : backup as much as you can factory-reset the device do not yet install/restore anything ! check for a reasonable time whether the problem re-appears if it does right after the factory-reset , your device needs go to support ( or they need to send a firmware update/fix ) if it not re-appears , continue with 5 . if it does re-appear , you have found the app causing the issue . break here , see below . re-install/recover one app . repeat from 4 . if above steps resulted in an app being the cause , you have got multiple choices : re-configure the app and see if you can make the error go away uninstall the app and see if the problem goes away if none of the two works , start with step 2 . above and skip the bad app .
" sign into wi-fi network " says it all : no network , no connection . you most likely changed the password/keyphrase at your router , and forgot to adjust your devices . they cannot log in to the network anymore , hence you get that notification . fixing your wifi configuration will solve the other problem along . edit : thanks to dan for pointing out my omission : the phrasing of the notification indeed points to a " captive network " , which requires a sign-in via browser first . to automate such a login , you might wish to take a look at wifi web login and comparable apps . also see automate web login for wi-fi hotspots ( captive portal ) on android at our sister-site .
well as going by your point that the problem is not limited to you but to your whole family then the problem lies with the configuration of your modem . if the wifi is not configured properly then it may or may not show connected but you will not be able to download or browse any content let it be google play or the internet . as you have not specified any h/w details of your modem then i can only provide a general solution which would be to configure your modem properly either by yourself or from the relevant technician of the modem . also do please check whether the wi-fi is displaying a red cross with an error of irrelevant settings on your desktop or laptop when connecting over the wi-fi or the connection is normal through the lan cable . if its a yes for the lan and wi-fi then you need to get your modem checked by the technician for both wi-fi as well as lan connection
while that ram restriction applies to several low-end devices ( which came with less than 512 mb ram ) , it is not really the main reason for missing updates . and looking into the custom-rom scene proves that many devices abandoned by their manufacturers ( not too seldom for this reason ) are in fact supporting newer versions . so when talking about " official updates " , main reasons are : manufacturers prefer you buy a new device . they do not get " fresh money " for updates . sometimes the customizations done by the manufacturer are too ressource hungry ( a live example is samsung 's touchwiz preventing some of their devices from getting updated ) after a while ( at least after 2 years , for some manufacturers much earlier ; google specified 18 month as minimum ) devices simply get " out of service time " , and thus all further development is stopped . while this might sound harsh , it is at least partly understandable : most devices require hardware-specific drivers which the manufacturer had to update to new versions , and that cannot be done indefinitely if an enterprise needs to work profitable – or prices would go up to something you are unlikely to be willing to pay : ) nevertheless , as i already pointed out : if a device is used widely enough , the community often provides future updates in form of custom-rom s . to install those , the device in question needs to be rooted , the bootloader unlocked , and often a custom recovery is required . so here 's something the manufacturers should at least provide help : if they decide to no longer support a device , they should provide an official way to root and unlock it ( could be done via a " last update " from their side ) , so users at least have a chance to take care for themselves . guess they are simply afraid that would keep users from buying new devices ; )
as the tablets are all identical , and run android > = 4.0 , the following approach could be taken – provided all devices should be configured identically : configure one device the way you want to have them all use adb backup to create a backup of this tablet ( see our adb tag-wiki for a starting point if you did not use adb before ) use adb restore to restore the created backup of the first device to all other devices this should transfer all apps and settings from the first , manually configured device to all the others ( including homescreen settings ) . you can play with parameters to adb backup to speed up the restore process , e.g. by specifying to only include the apps you added/modified , e.g. adb backup -apk -shared -f backup_customized.ab com.package1 com.package2 \u2026  ( replace com.package1 com.package2 \u2026 with a list of packages you want to include ) . skip -shared if you do not need to clone sdcard contents ( you also could copy those separately , which even might be faster ) .
as you have indicated , both features are native to the default launcher app that shipped with the 4.4 rom for nexus 5 , called the google experience launcher ( gel ) having google now start listening when i say , " okay google " without pressing a button i have not come across any third-party launcher app that is integrated this yet , and would not count on it anytime soon . here is what nova launcher 's dev said on this topic . you could try apps like open mic+ , but these would continue to be active as long as your phone is awake , and almost certainly will take a hit on the already weak nexus 5 battery life . being able to swipe over to the left from the homescreen to get the now screen this will never be part of a non-gel app . in order to achieve this , google essentially packaged the launcher app into the search ( i.e. . google now ) app . see here and here on how and why they did this . it is unclear whether gel will be released to the play store as a standalone app , or if it'll even be released to other nexus/play edition devices .
cyanfox for nexus 5 has the semi always listening baked right into the rom . i put the same type of rom on my friends galaxy s3 and it had the google now screen to the left and was always listening while on the home screen . blew my mind .
kk launcher ( based on android 4.4 kitkat launcher ) have this feature : enable ok google from all kk launcher screens ( require android 4.4 ) ; support swipe right to google now
smart launcher 2 added support on 31 may .
theres an app called open mic+ its helps wid the ok google thing swiping left fr google now is no where present excpt gel but i personally didnt like the interface the icon size ws looking big on my note 2 i prefer nova launcher wid open mic + . apk it works like a charm ; ) plus whoever said it doesnt wrk whn screen is off ur wrong m using it and wrks wid locked screen and yes if u set it to start up on boot it strts frm boot ; )
the google experience launcher is actually built into the google search app along with google now . this is why it can listen for ' okay google ' and have google now accessible via the left swipe . ars technica has a good article which goes into more details on this . there are some launchers that support gestures , which might be similar to the left swipe to access the google now page ( although they will only be able to launch google now in the same way an upward swipe does ) . i do not think there are any that support saying ' okay google ' from the homescreen though .
" ok google " works in nova launcher . it is an option in the root of nova settings , and works regardless of whether or not a search bar is displayed . similar functionality can be added to apex , samsung touchwiz , or htc sense , using an app called active searching . i have not found a way to display the google now cards page as a launcher page in any launcher other than the google now launcher .
nova has since been updated and now supports the ok , google hotword .
if you have fastboot , boot into that . you can then procede to wipe data while in fastboot mode by issues the fastboot -w command . you can then reboot the device using the fastboot reboot command . be aware that not all devices come with fastboot . if you can access adb while the device is booting , then you can issue an adb reboot recovery command to reboot into the recovery menu that way .
try booting while pressing the back key . that will get you into fastboot , and you can access hboot ( and hence recovery ) from there . if it worked try any solution among this . . it depends on the cause of the boot loop wipe cache and dalvik ( depending on what recovery you look in different places for these . i think clockworkmod may have wipe dalvik in advanced ) . tbh i think this is unlikely to do it , but is harmless . if something has been corrupted in the rom then reflashing the rom ( without wiping ) will fix it . if it is data corruption then a factory reset will do it .
i recognize this as a recommendation question which will probably be closed quickly . i am a big fan of rssdemon , and have been using it consistently for the past 2 years . it allows you total control of your feeds , including subscribing individually , or importing an opml file created by another feedreader to rapidly gear up . i use it mainly for its podcatching capablities , allowing podcasts to queue up and play . i am not the developer of this app ; they were responsive to bugs i have submitted in the past .
this sounds like a typical bluetooth interference problem . it happens to me from time to time , but i did not notice any correlation with the android version i use ( neither on n1 nor ns ) .
the problem is not the strength , but the direction . at least my nexus 4 makes no noise if it vibrates while lying flat on the table . lay it on the side , and it will wake the dead . the axis of rotation should be paralell to the screen , not perpendicular . no amount of software will fix this hardware/design error .
there is an app called trinity kernal toolbox . it helps to adjust vibartion intensity in galaxy nexus and nexus 4 ( only ) . but the thing is your device should be rooted . and its a paid app . the app supports the following : - adjusting of cpu min/max frequencies - selecting of cpu governor - cpu governor settings - selecting of i/o scheduler - adjusting of max screen off frequency ( galaxy nexus only ) - adjusting of all cpu voltages - sound control : high performance toggle + volume boost ( galaxy nexus only ) - color control ( galaxy nexus + nexus 4 only ) - contrast control ( galaxy nexus only ) - adjusting of vibration strength ( galaxy nexus and nexus 4 only ) - usb fast charge toggle ( with plug check ) - thermal throttle toggle ( galaxy nexus only ) - smart reflex autocomp toggles ( galaxy nexus only ) - wifi pm toggle ( steadier stream or better battery ) ( gn + n7 only ) - menu with utility functions to make common tasks easier . - reboot widgets to access common options from homescreen - cpu temperature widget ( galaxy nexus + sgs3 + nexus 7 ) - statusbar temperature display on select widgets ( gn + sgs3 + nexus 7 ) - restores trivial settings on boot - frequency/voltage settings restored on boot if chosen - crash recovery ( to get you out of boot loops ) - optimizes system independent from init . d ( great for stock roms ) may be it will help you to solve your issue . do not blame me for recommeding a paid app if you are interested just flash this kernal to support it
vibration config claims to be able to increase the vibration strength of a nexus 4 ( and some other phones ) and a few reviews indicate that it works . it does need root so as soon as i get around to rooting my nexus i will give it a go and report back .
try any of these : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=smsr.com.acc https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jp.ne.topaz.psy.androidapp.secondstatus https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gridred.digitalclock.custom.litehl=en this one claims to show the time including seconds in the status bar https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appsynapse.bottimehl=en be advised that displaying seconds will consume more battery .
your best bet would probably be using a dlna server app ( this one , for example , though there are lots of others ) on one device and an appropriate player ( example ) on the other devices . not sure if it would work over a hotspot tether though , but there are free apps available for both ends , so it can not really hurt to try . edit : oh , misunderstood the question . that is about as easy . there are several apps on the store for running a camera server , like this one , for example . you then can use any compatible player to connect and view the camera feed
this is awfully strange if you did not root your device - because normally , these are symptoms of a bricked device . if you can get into recovery , please could you erase your data ? you can attempt to get into recovery by holding the recovery key combo ( minus the power button ) , and then plugging the charger in . if this does not work - after erasing your data , then i would suggest taking it to a repair shop - you never rooted it , so your warranty is therefore still intact .
download the android file system application . install the android file system app by opening the dmg file , and then dragging the app into your applications folder . once installed , connect your nexus 7 to your mac via the usb cable . open up the android file system app . it should recognize your tablet and then open up a finder type window . you can drag and drop files and media into the window . additionally , you can create new folders and delete files . be sure you know what files your deleting as you can break the os by deleting or altering essential system files . if you get a “no device found” message , be sure your nexus 7 is in Media device (MTP) transfer mode . you can do this by swiping down to open the notification tray and then tapping on the connected as… message . source
long-tapping on the home screen is how widgets used to be added in earlier android versions , up to about 2.1 . some devices ( such as samsung ones ) still offer the old way on the manufacturer 's stock home screen : adding widgets is a feature offered by the launcher , so some third-party launchers may have yet different ways . on the stock android launcher , go to the app drawer ( the list of all apps ) , and click widgets at the top . find the one you want ( there are several pages ) , and long-tap it to pick it up , then drag and drop to the space you want on the home screen . you can drag to the left or right edge to change home screens . once you have dropped it , you can drag the blue highlight to resize the widget ( if it is resizable ) .
after unlocking , when i press the phone icon ( on the touchwiz interface 's dock at the bottom of the home screen ) it takes me to the last dialler view i used , whether that is the keypad , log or favourites . does not yours do that ? if you literally mean the same 3 people , then the quickest way would to put a shortcut for them on your home screen . just long-press on an empty bit of homescreen background , select shortcuts , select direct dial , select your person . alternatively , star the contacts in gmail , then put a starred contacts folder on the homescreen ( long-press on an empty bit of homescreen background , select folders , select starred contacts ) . ps yes you probably are one of the few using it as a phone , these are smart phones for people who love email/messaging and internet apps , not dumb-phones for making calls on ; - )
i would not count unlocking the phone against the steps needed to make a phone call . it is an equivalent of opening up a flip-phone , for example . you can also disable the lock screen altogether if you are willing to trade the security for a little convenience . in terms of making it easier to dial contacts , you can always add a " contact " or " direct dial " shortcut to your home screen ( Menu -&gt; Add -&gt; Shortcuts -&gt; Contact or Direct dial ) . this way after unlocking the phone you have a one-tap-dial for your most used contacts . also , most manufacturer overlays ( like touchwiz , sense or motoblur ) come with various contacts-related widgets that you can place on the home screen for faster access to contacts . not to mention a plethora of 3rd-party launchers , apps and widgets from the market that provide a similar functionality . [ edit ] cyanogenmod rom allows you to add another configurable " unlock " slider to the lockscreen which you can assign any application , including the call log . this way unlocking using that slider places you into whichever app you specified . for stock roms you can try the widgetlocker lockscreen app to give you similar functionality .
as daft as it sounds make sure your wifi is connected - i got this error and couldn`t figure out why until i realized one of my battery saver apps had switched off my wifi
i was encountering the same issue in the last 24 hours or so where i could not use any of the google applications . i tried powering off the phone and everything today i used the time-zone guess from the follow up post ( also , when i think about it , for some reason my phone switched from 12hr clock to 24 hr clock last night ) . the issue has been resolved and i can use all apps now . i must have changed the settings inadvertently when the phone was in my pocket or something .
i have the exact same issue on a galaxy tab p1000 with gingerbread 2.3.3 since about 2-3 weeks . my current interpretation is that google has updated its certs ( the current one i get is dated 11/7 ) and the new ones are not trusted by android anymore making it impossible to use any google account for mail/play store/etc . . . if this is the case , the only solution would be an update from the manufacturer or maybe rooting the device and convincing it that the new cert is good .
guys i found the solution ! follow the instructions to this link ! 100% it'll work though not mine , credits to the owner . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2110225
i had the same problem , and the solution was to set the correct date/time in the phone settings ( in spite of ' automatic ' option turned on for network time synchronization , i had 1980 year ) . so , libit was right about certificate time issue . also , take a look at google groups thread related to this issue - there are a lot of different solutions , which could also help .
see this very good answer on electronics se for details . basically it is a side effect of the charger circuitry operation - it is by design , you can not change it . if that disturbs you - either find another charger , or bring this one further from you , do not try to silence it with an enclosure - that may lead to overheating .
sheryl found the answer herself . quoting her comment : i finally found it . . my daughter must have been in the accessibiltiy settings . she had the talk back on . but i didnt realize because she also had turn off all sounds on . i dont know how that makes the tapping weird , but is fixed now . if one has a similar effect ( e . g . red borders shown ) , and it is not the accessibility settings , another place to look for is the development settings , which also has switches to highlight certain areas for " developer feedback " when testing an app .
install their new extension , sync bookmarks with chrome flawlessly https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dolphin-connect/pajecklcmiegagoelbbjldmfcbcpdpll have fun : )
install bookmarks to sd add-on of dolphin browser hd . its not only for saving bookmarks to sd , but it features sync with google bookmarks . use this feature . then , sync chrome bookmarks with google bookmarks ( there're many chrome extensions for that ) . done ! another way is to use xmarks . it has chrome extension as well as dolphin add-on . but , you had need its premium subscription to use dolphin add-on .
xmarks , which is now owned by lastpass , premium service ( 1$/month ) is able to sync bookmarks across various platforms and browsers .
hopefully this app is your answer : gm alarm as mentioned in google play , this app has different alarm sounds and you can select the option for random alarm sounds each day . and the alarm sound will not repeat as it maintains a history for previous alarm sounds . might be useful for you .
yes , you can clear photos 's cache from the phone itself .
you may install app cache cleaner application . one of the feature is " auto clear all cache at a specified interval " . configure it once and it will never let the cache grow such large .
you can never guarantee that it is cent per cent private . first let 's begin with android apps . in order to earn money you have advert 's in the apps . in order to get localised adds it has in built code which will access your location and display the advertisement based on the locality you are presently . in doing so your identity is revealed there itself . your device name , id , carrier etc . is stored in the third party servers . to which no one can guarantee whether the communication is secure between their server and what is done with the information stored in the server . you cannot disable this featured as it is hard coded in the application and the best way to this is simply un-install . you can verify whether the app is collecting information or not through some apps from the play store like permission checker . in the app you can sort out apps that might cost you money , send data , etc . check for the application permissions which are listed and check it is use on the web . if you see any application that has permission violating your privacy like viewing contacts , device id , network information you need to delete those apps from the device . you cannot modify the code even if possible as it violates the policy . also make sure the permissions are relevant to the functionality of the application . if it is irrelevant ( flash light app is having permission for viewing contacts , location which is not at all relevant then you need to remove it . ) then you need to remove this app and find another app from the play store .
if you are using launcherpro go to your home screen , press Menu -&gt; Preferences -&gt;Backup homescreen &amp; settings to backup and Restore backup is in the same place . this can not restore your widgets but remembers their places though . also some app-specific shortcuts need to be recreated ( in my case , shortcuts to k-9 mail mailboxes ) .
i am using go launcher ex home launcher which saves the current configuration and we can restore it whenever we need . if you have a different launcher check for backup/restore configuration settings .
if you download a file with more seeds and peers , your speed will increase . it could just be that your particular torrent has very few seeders .
as onik notes , your connection is simply too slow . but i also had terrible speeds when i tried on an hspa+ network . i believe this is due to traffic shaping . as noted in the comments , ttorrent claims to support encryption , so that might help .
an edge connection by itself is so slow compared to the normal torrent download speeds that it makes no sense to optimize the downloads . the ping times on the connection are so high that constant peer switching will slow the download if you attempt to download from several peers simultaneously . your best bet would be to try to find a couple of good peers to fill your bandwidth and stick with them , or stop+restart the torrent to get new peers .
install bionic tcp from google play and change your client to ttorrent . then your torrenting speed will match normal download speed according to your network bandwidth .
one way , i think is using one wifi connection that is connected to a high speed internet connection .
if you are rooted and have a rom that supports recovery like clockworkmod , a full nandroid backup is akin to taking an image/snapshot of your device . when recovering from that image , your phone will be restored to exactly that same state when the backup was taken .
use titanium backup , it'll fit your needs .
asus provides two launchers in their 4.2.1 rom - they differ as you descibed in your question . the one with the notifications in the lower right is the same one as used in their 4.1 rom and the one with the notifications at the top is the vanilla android 4.2 launcher . you can switch between them at will by opening settings and then navigating to device -> launcher ( it requires a reboot to switch ) .
to answer your question , if you have cyanogen mod installed , no new aps just the rom and you use the phone exactly as you would youse it with your stock rom , yes cyanogen mod will take more battery but at the same time it is more light weight and faster . so yes cyanogen mod does take up a bit more battery then a stock rom , at least from my experinece with cm .
i can think of two reasons why a cm rom might reduce battery life : cpu governor : the cpu governor controls the frequency of the cpu depending on the requirement . your rom might be using a governor that favours performance over battery life . selecting a governor that achieves a good balance between performance and battery life might help you . you can learn more about cpu governors here battery calibration : the battery status is stored in a file called batterystats . bin . its possible that your phone is using the same batterystats . bin that came with the rom . you can use an application like battery calibration to regenerate this file with new/accurate stats . ( a myth according to this )
it depends . yes , depends on your settings ( auto brightness , wifi scan interval , gps , auto sync enabled ) type of applications installed ( widgets and its high auto refresh rate ) and many more ( kernel wakelock ) etc . just try to check what consumes your battery using better battery stats . from that you can identify , what causing battery drain .
just for my experience with the xperia mini pro ( 3 years of use and the new note 3: the stock was more efficient in using the battery even it was filled with bloatware . same reason why i am looking this up - to go with some stock modified rom or cm which i like more , but battery is a must . . .
this functionality magically appeared in the google plus app on android last week , so now problem is solved . the chromecast icon now appears when on the net with a chromecast device .
chromecast support does not currently exist in google plus . if you would like to cast the video , try going to g+ in the chrome beta and opening the video in full screen . the chrome beta has support for casting some videos from the browser .
so i have found a great solution . using a micro sd-card with 2 partitions . one normal fat32 and second ext2 so the app link2sd can use it as a fake mobile memory on the second ext2 partition . now all the jelly bean internal apps run on the mobile itself and all the other apps i have installed on the second sd-card partition . have more apps than ever and still over 150mb left on the mobile . great . and the great side effect is , that all the shortcuts and widgets of other apps now work perfectly and dont disappear after reboot . yes !
if youre talking about applications ( . apk ) downloaded from google chrome and not the play store then you need to go into settings > security > unknown sources
q : how and where do i add the tickmark again ? a : who could possibly know what you need more than yourself ? q : will i have to reset my nexus 7 ? a : follow below steps , you will be fine . q : if so are all the app i bought then lost ? a : as flow said , you can recover them from google play store later on . if you feel not safe , use appsaver to back them up . resetting your android phone before resetting your phone , you have to save your data ( pics , music , movies , contacts . . . ) . if you have a google email account , saving your contacts is not needed , you can just sync it to the cloud . concerning your apps , as flow said , you can recover them from google play store later on . backing up pics , movies and music is necessary . i recommend you to back up your entire data storage , it contains apps private files , office documents , few stuff that you could easily forget to back up otherwise . . . when those steps are done , you can safely reset your phone , it will be like a second life for it :- ) .
did not find the solution . but found the ' good enough workaround ' delete all wifi you have saved charge battery to maximum remove account used to install everything clear recent app history delete the home screen app data . open the new account setting lock phone . ship it hope it arrives in less than 3 days which is what it took here to drain the battery :d now when the phone is taken out of the box , it will have ( almost ) the same as the welcome screens as the phone is factory reseted , but will keep the apps installed . it will prompt for new/existing account , pair with wifi , and show all the home screen apps hints . and i was spared the work of adding a few extra apps to the cyanogemmod image and ship the phone ' factory ' reseted . much easier that way :d
i do not know about the camera , but the lens and acrylic cover should be easy to change . here is a replacement i found on ebay . it is quite cheap also . p.s. i have just seen your comment : ) . take this as an extension to your findings .
i use the irig pre interface ( 30 euro / 30-40 us dollars ) to connect any xlr mic to my htc wildfire . in flightmode i can make good 48khz mono wav recordings with the taperecorder app . when i switch flightmode off there sometimes are some ticks and clicks . afterwards you cann edit your recording and convert it into mp3 files .
i bought a splitter ( $7.65 on amazon ) to access the headphone/mic input on my htc thunderbolt . an audio technica atr6550 shotgun mike works fine with the built-in camcorder software . note that the impedence on this is 2200 ohms . i have half a dozen other microphones , and none of them work ( some have an impedence of around 1000 ohms , so maybe this is the problem ) . so , here is what i know : 1 . this is possible ( at least with the atr6550 ) . 2 . the necessary splitter ( i.e. . splits input jack into mic + earphone connectors ) is not expensive , and there seems no reason to use any different connector . 3 . i have half a dozen other mics and none of them works . 4 . i do not know if the incompatibility of the others is an impedence problem or a voltage / current problem , and do not know how to find out . here is the splitter info : startech . com muyhsmff 3.5mm 4-pin to 2x 3-pin 3.5mm headset splitter adapter - m/f sold by : amazon . com llc
a usb microphone as well as any kind of usb audio device needs a usb host which has drivers for usb audio devices . under win/mac/linux these drivers come preinstalled and you can use your usb audio device in a plug-and-play way . i have experimented with different ways of using usb audio on android and this topic seems to be quite diverse . depending on the version of android and especially the kernel in use you may , or may not , be able to connect usb devices over otg usb ( on-the-go ) . with most devices these details do not show in the manufacturer 's specifications and has to be tested manually . as far as i got in my research samsung devices on stock android are the most reliable to support usb audio , but if you start messing with different roms and kernels it is possible deactivate this functionality . i have been able to record very high quality audio with urecord and usb audio recorder pro using a stock galaxy note 2 and several interfaces ( alesis io4 , shure x2u ) and i have been told that audio evolution is also able to record from a usb source . an app that can record video as well as usb audio does not exist as far as i know . and of course , if your device does not support otg and usb audio there is no way you can use a usb microphone . good luck !
it is not a usb mic , but i have found a solution for external mic via 3.5 mm jack . look at my answer on this question : how do i use an external microphone with my galaxy nexus ?
when you put your android on flight mode u need to go to the setting and put it on mp3 headphone mode , itdeends how sencitive ur android is . and if ur android is not sencitive then you have to go and speaxk to the android network .
yes . you can use the Content Filtering in the settings of Play Store . set the maturity level to restrict the apps that you do not want to view . screenshot :
according the google 's developer page here , google play is not required for admob to work . from the site : the google play services library supports even devices that do not have the google play store . to update such devices , download and bundle the latest google play services sdk ; then relaunch your apps to propagate updates to your users . devices that do have the google play store are automatically updated to the latest version . there is also an answer here which explains that google play services is not required to be able to have ads served to android devices . if google play services is not on the device , the version you compile with your app will fetch the ads instead .
last . fm picks up the intents apps like pocket casts and google music send to bluetooth devices , and hacks that into their scrobble implementation . i guess they figured google were never going to support them explicitly so that was their only way in . to stop pocket casts from scrobbling you had un-tick the google music option in last . fm . the fine people of pocket casts ( read : us ) are planning to put in a setting that turns off that bluetooth data , which would also turn off scrobbling . we looked into the last . fm api and there is nothing extra we can send to tell them to ignore us , which would be a better solution , since it would mean keeping the blue tooth meta data as well .
last . fm app only scrobbles if the device tells it to . so i think in you pocket cast , if you go in to it is settings then i think you would find something about scrobbling , and you should have there an option to disable it .
farrel , the only way i have found to allow google music to scrobble to last . fm but not pocket cast is to stream podcasts rather than downloading them — that seems to work . i realise that this is not always ideal . do not forget you can delete tracks from your last . fm profile/library but i am not sure if that is persistent . again , not ideal .
there is an important distinction that needs to be made : accessing a file vs downloading/exporting a file . . . the dropbox app and other 3rd party apps that use the dropbox api allow you to " access " files in their cloud location . everything you do to this file is synced ( assuming the app is well made and working correctly ) . essentially the file is being downloaded in the background so you can open and work on the file and then reuploaded in the background when you are done ( ie syncing ) . i use apps like estrong file explorer and several note taking apps that use the dropbox api and every change i make to a file is synced when i save the file . downloading/exporting the file is different . in the dropbox app you can " export " a file which means download it to a local directory on your device . apps like docstogo do not support the dropbox api so there is no way to directly access dropbox files from within the app . in cases like this you have to download the file to your device to access it with this app . this downloaded file is not monitored by or synced by dropbox so you had need to upload it or sync it manually somehow . there are third party apps that do this , i use dropsync . tl ; dr : if you are editing a file directly in an app that has built in access to dropbox you do not need to worry syncing , it will happen on it is own . if you are downloading a file from dropbox to edit it in an app that does not access dropbox directly , like docstogo , you will need to use a 3rd party syncing app like dropsync . edit : i think this is the scenario that you have . . . you open a file " example . txt " through dropbox and it opens a dialog that lets you choose the default app and you choose " xyzyadayada " app and the file opens in that app . you make changes and save them , dropbox will detect this and will sync the changes . if you skip dropbox next time and just open up xyzyadayada and see example . txt in the " recent files " list , that is probably a locally cached file . if xyzyadayada truly does not communicate with a dropbox api then that file is saved locally , probably in it is own directory and opening and editing that file will not be detected or synced by dropbox because it is a copy of the cloud file that is saved locally on your device .
i do not know if the dropbox app does this or not - last time i looked ( shortly after it came out ) , dropbox 's app was not really doing sync on android , it was more of a nice version of the web interface . i use dropsync to achieve this effect - you can even set how aggressive it is on downloading/uploading vs . battery status . i use it to keep my keepass database synced across devices , so i have it set to upload right away if it notices changes , but only download when things are good , battery wise .
for dropbox and officesuite ( if you edit from the recent files ) , they seem to sync . i am not sure with other apps . in any case , if you need a two-way sync , you can always use dropspace . see this similar question : how do i sync with dropbox ?
you can fix it by symlink . 1 ) remove clockwork dir " rm -rf /data/media/clockworkmod " 2 ) switch to directory " cd /data/media " 3 ) create a symbolic link " ln -s /data/media/0/clockworkmod clockworkmod " that should do it
clockworkmod needs to be updated to properly understand android 4.2 's new filesystem structure so it can see its previous backups . technically , everything stored on the sdcard is actually stored under /data/media , however android uses bind to essentially make a really fancy shortcut to various other places . this includes /storage/emulated/ and /sdcard . as for deleting , without knowing the errors you were running into , it limits my options on recommendations . but you can use adb to delete files ( with the code below , replace " old-backup " with the folder name containing the backup you want to remove ) . adb shell su rm -rf /data/media/0/clockworkmod/backup/old-backup 
grooveshark might not be using that much data ; it keeps a cache of songs you have listened to recently so it does not have to re-download them each time . so if you are listening to the same songs all the time , they will probably only be downloaded once , same with offlined songs . to see if the app really sees what data grooveshark is pulling , go to Grooveshark-&gt;Settings-&gt;Clear Song Cache . then go listen to a playlist or two and see what happens : ) p.s. you can also edit the size of the cache on that menu ! if all else fails , i use phone usage , and it tracks grooveshark pretty successfully :
pull down notification window , and enable it .
hi try clicking notification scroll down to find ' usb connected ' like option . . . press go navigate
as i wrote in my above comment , one way would be : get adb working on your computer ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) download the .apk file to your computer switch on usb debugging on your device , and then connect it to your computer via usb ( order is important here : first enable the option , then connect ) use adb install &lt;file_name.apk&gt; to install the app for subsequent installs , you of course can ommit the first step , as adb should already be set up then : ) alternative approach ( untested ) : install some terminal app on your device ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) save the .apk to your sdcard start the terminal app , and run pm install &lt;/path/to/filename.apk&gt; again , the first step is only needed once . i have not tested that second method , so i am not sure whether it requires root or the " unknown sources " option . as adb install only seems to be a wrapper to pm install , the latter is not that likely .
i have no idea how to achieve this natively -- but you could try talking clipboard , which can not only read everything you copy to the clipboard -- but also handle web pages directly . it even supports picking the web page 's address from pocket / read-it-later , can read from arbitrary text/html files stored locally , and also epub books .
in the Settings menu look for the App section . from there you will be able to select it and find information about it along with the package name .
linda file manager allows you to do that . just long press the file and select create shortcut . a shortcut icon shall appear on your home screen as a side note , it is also a nice file manager . there might be tons of other options , though .
the answer is "android.clients.google.com" with port 5228 ( tcp ) .
i get this after reboot on cm6 for applications moved to sd card . the problem fixes itself after a little time . i would blame a slow sd card , if you are not running sense .
quick and dirty way to reload your icons in htc sense ui ! change scene to anything else , then change scene back ! temporary fix till next boot or smth but that is the only way i know how to do it right now .
its a bug that htc have not addressed yet , it is not the same as the 2.2 model phones , and seems to only happen on this the latest versions of gingerbread . its not like the old thing where the executable has been moved to the sd card , as i have not moved anything and i still get it on some apps . it does not jsut go away , it is permamnet when it happens and the only atm to fix is to either reload your ui , or dump the desktop icons and replace them . c'mon htc ! ! sort it out
you can do this easily by pairing the devices and enabling data on the first device . steps are listed below . enable bluetooth on both the devices . ( obvious ! ) then , pair them up by clicking “search for devices” on one of the devices and clicking on the name of other device . you’ll be asked to verify a pin number . it doesn’t matter what the pin number is , as long as it’s the same pin number on both devices . go to settings , choose More then choose Tethering &amp; Portable Hotspot . in there , you have tick Bluetooth tethering . if you don’t , the tether will not work ! on the second device , go to Settings , then click on the word Bluetooth ( not the toggle – the word ) . finally , click on the name of your second device you paired earlier . to get it all working , choose Internet Access . now you should be able to use the data connection of your first device .
what do we do too set the default apps for the applications running on the system ? i assume you meant to ask how to set default apps for certain actions/tasks , such as taking a picture , writing an email , opening a web page etc . the answer really depends on which version of the android os your device is running , and also to a lesser extent , who the manufacturer of the device is . if you consider a google nexus device running the latest version of stock android ( 4.4 kitkat ) , the os presents you with a picker dialog to select which app you would like to launch to complete the task . in the screenshot below , i attempted to launch a camera to take a picture : screenshot ( click image for larger variant ) you can select one of the options and then select " always " or " just once " . as the buttons indicate , your selection will either persist for future tasks or you will see this picker-dialog every time . if this list changes because you uninstalled the app that you had marked as " always " or if you installed new apps that can handle the same task , this dialog will be presented again . certain device manufacturers ( or oems ) may choose to modify this behavior as part of their " skinning/customization " of android . htc famously changed this behavior for some of their devices ( for a slightly technical explanation of their change , read here ) . you can also see how this dialog picker has changed historically here . what do we do too set the default apps for the applications running on the system ? you need to perform an action that multiple apps on your device are capable of handling so that the above dialog presents itself . it is hard to know when this dialog will present itself since apps and their capabilities change all the time . for example , if you installed a new camera app , you can make it the " default " camera app by trying to launch the camera from elsewhere in the system or other apps ( like hitting a button that says " take a picture" ) . is there a centralized settings on android ? short answer : no ( but as of android 4.4 , you can set a default " homescreen " app from the device settings-> home . note that you will only see this option if you have multiple homescreen apps ) however , if you did set an app as the default handles for certain tasks , and you wish you no longer keep it the default , you can navigate to it is " app info " page ( device settings-> apps-> pick your app ) and hit the " clear defaults " button .
i am just now configuring my news on my tablet . each news source tile has a setting menu on the far right next to its name ( 3 vertical dots ) . pull that down by clicking , and select " remove " from the menu , if you do not wish it any longer . mine came with 12 pre-configured tiles , which i turned off way . it is easy to add them back from the " featured " list if you decide later to return to that news source . update:i am not seeing any direct removal of stories of the removed news sources when i first return to " read now " , but i believe i must click through to expire the stories already presented , and then refresh to have the content cleared . update2: well , that is annoying . there could still be a number of items in the queue from the first opening of the app with pre-selected news sources . i may have to click through them all to see when my preferences will be adopted .
you can only remove the sources that you have added manually ( via the my news tab ) . it seems newsstand is more of a discovery app , so it keeps putting in new stories from new locations based on your reading habits . i have been using it for a few months and it certainly has begun to know me a lot better , but then , i like receiving recommendations and discovering stuff . one thing i can not seem to remove is the purple and orange background stories , which , for me , seem to be local , current affairs and sports topics , which i am not interested in . this is because you can add a new source by clicking the '+' at the end of the story , but there is no '-' button to specifically remove a story that you do not wish to receive . the only way is to ignore stories/sources you do not want to read and hope that they will go away .
the above does give your answer i am only going to explain it in brief following are some of the ways through which key logging is done . google :-whenever you open the google search and type your search it will be stored for the future to do things like auto-complete , display advertisements in your phone etc . t9 dictionary :-whenever you enter a custom word more then once it will be stored in the dictionary by default . the input could be anything passwords , bank account no 's , name anything . it is for the ease of the user these custom words are stored . next time when you just enter the first letter of the custom word then the remaining word get 's displayed for selection . thereby relieving the user the need to type the whole word manually . while installing apps from the play store or any other source from outside always make sure that the permissions required suits to the kind of application it is made for . for ex :-there are some apps like flash light which would require permission only for the camera to display the flash but as you would un mindfully go ahead and install then your phone 's data could be distributed to third party 's because if you have carefully viewed the permissions required then it would also ask for some unwanted permission ( view contacts/call log etc . ) which is not at all related in its functionality or usage . in this way whenever you call or whatever number you have dialled would be accessible to the flash light app and will be secretly transferred to its server whenever there is a connection to the internet .
no , stock android does not record everything you do in a day . there are a few things to bear in mind , though . first , because android is open-source , the manufacturer , and your carrier if you bought the phone from a carrier , can change the os however they like . they might have changed it to add a log like you describe , so though android itself does not record all your activity , i can not say for certainty whether your phone does or not . second , there is nothing to stop individual apps keeping records . for example , chrome keeps a record of what websites you visit , and if you have " web history " turned on , it syncs that information with your google account . other apps might use analytics to track what you do inside that app , and send that information to the app 's author . apps have access to a lot of information , even some information not directly related to the app ( such as what other apps you have installed ) , so you have to trust the app not to do this . keyboard apps are another example of this . they learn what words you have typed , and maybe collocations of words ( for example , if you type " cambridge " followed by " circus " , it might save this in order to better predict it in future ) . whether this information is uploaded to any server depends on the particular keyboard app . the log you might have heard about in android is not an " activity log " at all : it contains debugging information for developers to see what apps are going , and to help find and fix problems . it is not intended to log what you are doing , though sometimes the information in there could be used to identify particular actions , and what apps you are using . exactly what information this log contains depends on the phone you have , and it differs from app to app . as you have mentioned , the log is only in memory and so it is lost when the device reboots . it is also a fixed size ( the exact size is different on different devices ) , so over the course of a day newer log entries will continually overwrite older entries .
yes , websites can use the webrtc extension to access the phone 's camera , with the user 's permission . not all browsers support this extension , but chrome for android does .
there are different approaches to achieve that goal : using a " cam server " app on the android device , and have it uploading pages to a web server same , but streaming same , with integrated web server ( so no separate upload ) having a fully integrated and programmable solution for all four approaches you will find matching apps . for the latter , i think e.g. of paw server , including a web server with scripting support . for " cam servers " , you might wish to take a look into this list .
i just opened the device manager and updated the driver . it looked for it online , and i just unplugged the nexus and plugged it back in and it worked .
i turned off my tablet and turned it on ! worked for me
make sure that : your device is in usb debugging mode you have the device drivers installed with the device connected , delete any ' android ' devices in the device manager . do this by highlighting it and pressing the delete key . disconnect then connect the device .
you can find out by issuing the command mount at a terminal prompt ( either via adb shell of using any terminal app ) . as i have no access to your sdcard , i cannot answer the question for sure ( i could only tell you about mine , where the relevant parameters are set as codepage=cp437,iocharset=iso8859-1,shortname=mixed,utf8 . so it is " latin-1" ( iso-8859-1 ) , which seems quite logical with a fat file system , and probably is also used in your case . full list of options :
i think this post provides some information about it . it also seems to be consistent with what i have tried . instead of partitioning the sd card , mounting an .img with a ext4 filesystem is a simple workaround .
( per originator in comments : ) pulled battery and also did factory reset . all now works .
it is not yet supported . from viberfaq ( answer posted a month ago ) : at the moment it is unfortunately not possible . you can uninstall viber , and when you reinstall , stickers will be gone from your sticker folder ( but this will unfortunately result in message history deletion ) . in the future we plan to add a feature that lets you remove stickers from your folder .
if your company is licensed for it , cisco 's anyconnect ics+ should work for you . alternatively , ics should support the correct configuration out of the box , but not all vendors have implemented this properly . if you can not get it to work correctly using ics 's ipsec support , you can try vpnc widget , but it requires root , and if your phone does not have the tun module built-in , it will not work .
you need to fix your access point names ( apn ) under settings . for me , it is Wireless and Networks > Mobile networks > Access Point Names
titanium backup etc just use in-built Package Manager (pm) to freeze an app . pm has a feature to prevent apps from running and from appearing in launcher . to use it , titanium backup etc execute following command : pm disable {package_name} you can freeze apps by yourself without using a dedicated freezer app . just use the above command in terminal emulator or ADB Shell . for example , if you want to freeze Stock Web Browser , open Terminal Emulator and switch to root using su command . then , execute # pm disable com.android.browser . it'll return #Package com.android.browser new state: disabled . done ! restart your launcher ( some devices may require reboot ) to see the app icon gone . to defrost the app , just replace disable with enable in the command .
i found how pm disable works : if you run cat /system/bin/pm , it gives : so apparently it is the same as the packagemanager we use from java , it is calling it - just in a root context that no user app can directly access . you can check if something is frozen , using getPackageManager().getApplicationEnabledSetting( the package name ) == getPackageManager().COMPONENT_ENABLED_STATE_DISABLED) 
nxp 's nfc taginfo app can copy the text from a text record on a scanned nfc tag to the clipboard . there are other apps with similar functionality . copying text from text records on nfc tags is not something that is built into android without installing and running an app .
hand it to a roommate ? or trade phones with a study partner ? reminds me of the old " how do i stop myself from using my credit cards " scenario : http://moneyning.com/credit-cards/freeze-your-credit-cards-to-ice-your-spending/
try using the audiobook variant of mortplayer . i believe it ought to suit your needs . also - it is free . one of its features is particularly useful : list of 10 most recent events for each track ( where did you press play , stop , got interrupted by a call , activate the sleep timer , . . . )
the samsung galaxy y is a low spec phone and most importantly this can be observed with its display . some common models in comparison ( by resolution , pixel per inch , screen size , price ) : galaxy y : 240x320 , 132 ppi , 3.0in , 110eur galaxy ace : 320x480 , 165 ppi , 3.5in , 190eur galaxy nexus : 720x1280 , 316 ppi , 4.65in , 410eur the text is blurry because there are much less pixels per inch to allow it to display text beautifully . you most probably can see individual pixels without a magnifying glass in comparison to " hd " displays like the galaxy nexus ' and such .
yes . the text is blurry in samsung galaxy phone . if the text is not eligible in any apps you can use zoom option . or you can buy other costlier smartphones mentioned above .
the hboot flash region is protected from accidental/unwanted/etc writes . you need an exploit most probably . i found this thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1486201
99% of the time the led means " new , dismissable notification " . i am unsure exactly how the led color is chosen , but it seems to be based off the homescreen icon of the app ; imo has a blue icon/led , messanging ( texts ) has a green icon/led , and gmail has a while icon/led . the color is consistent each notification from the app , so you will learn which color means which sort of notification . you can also apparently control it via applications ( and presumably by tinkering with system settings somehow ) : light flow can set the colors for nexus 4 notifications per-app . i have not tried it myself , but it claims nexus 4 support . you can see ( i believe ) all the colors the led can show in this ( surprisingly long ) video . most of the colors chosen are easily distinct to anyone with typical color vision . if you have partial colorblindness or apps with overlapping notification colors , the notification color changing apps might be of use to you . the led can also flash red when the battery is extremely low and the device will not otherwise turn on .
it depends on the app . e.g. if i use yahoo , it changes to purple .
as it turns out , the problem was caused by deleting wpa_supplicant . wikipedia can offer a little insight on what that means : in addition to being a full-featured wpa2 supplicant , it also implements wpa and older wireless lan security protocols . it further is responsible for the job to review a list of currently visible networks , select one of them , provide any additional security information needed to authenticate with the network ( e . g . a passphrase or username and password ) and add it to the preference list to enable automatic reconnection in the future . as it is said : curiosity killed the cat -- and deleting wpa_supplicant makes it quite impossible to use wifi . there are three corresponding files on android : /system/bin/wpa_supplicant is a binary ( i.e. . the program itself ) /system/etc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf is the default configuration ( as the path correctly suggests , in the read-only /system area ) , which also includes device-specific settings , plus some " inline documentation " in form of comments /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf is located in the writable part . it repeats some of the contents from the system file ( most likely copied from there on initialization -- as /data gets completely wiped on a factory reset , those things must come from somewhere ) , but skips the comments . furthermore , this file memorizes those networks you have connected to , including ssid , encryption used , and the passwords , all in plain text [ sic ! ] -- that is where those " wifi password recovery " apps get their information from so if the latter config was deleted , it simply would be re-created after a boot . of course , all your saved networks would be lost -- but that is a minor issue compared to the others : if the system-config file gets lost , the binary does not now where to look for the interface , as that is configured here ( e . g . ctrl_interface=tiwlan0 ) . this would also explain the missing mac address : no known device , no known mac address . still , recovery from that should not be too hard : there are not too many different interface names , and other settings ( like the chipset used ) can be taken from specifications -- so root provided ( which is the case , or you could not have deleted it ) , you could re-create a matching file with a little try-and-err . if the binary was removed , options are narrow without a backup . having a similar device available running the very same rom , you could extract the binary from there ( the config as well , or course ) . if you have at least an image available for your current rom , you could extract it from there as well . if all above fails : yes , flashing a rom would solve the issue as well -- as this rom should contain the necessary files . it is quite unlikely you damaged your hardware that way .
if it happens when the phone is off it is gotta be a bad hardware connection . i am guessing on of the leads just barely makes contact or something . you may want to get a replacement .
kineto is the company that makes the wifi calling software that is present on some tmobile phones such as the g2 . unfortunately this software is poorly written . to make matters worse it is only possible to stop or remove the software if you root your phone . ( more accurately it is not your phone - it is tmobile 's phone to do with as they please . ) coincidentally i contacted kineto support yesterday to complain . if more people do that maybe it will get fixed . it constantly spews out log messages at the error level every second or so , despite the messages not being errors you cannot stop the software ( needs root ) and the constant logging still happens even if you disable wifi calling sometimes the software gets confused and you have to reboot the phone to get it working again they have not structured it like most android apps separating the user interface from the service it looks to me like they had an existing codebase that they ported to android hence its poor structure and operation .
carrier apps like wifi calling generally try to run constantly as a background service , and stay connected so that they are instantly available . beyond that , we can not be any more specific about why it runs all the time ( you might get specific details from the carrier , but do not count on it ) . if you do not use it and do not want it to drain your battery , remove it ! it is probably a system app , which means you need to be rooted to remove it ; you can use an app like titanium backup to remove it easily . another option is to allow it to connect . presumably it will stop " spinning " and trying to connect if you just allow it to succeed , and use less battery .
there is . all that has to be done is having the media scanner run and update the index . turning the device off and on again triggers this , but ( as you said ) is not a very convenient way . unmounting/mounting the sd card would trigger it as well ( and can be done via settings&rarr ; storage ) -- already a little better , but still not very user-friendly . the most easy way would be to have an app like e.g. rescan media taking care for it . rescan sd might be even more convenient , as it offers a widget . just tap it , wait for the scan to finish , and your mp3 file should be visible from your music players .
i switched to htc one ( m7 ) and the included htc player updates its files automatically . it also has a nice circle round the play button saying how far into the track it currently is . google should play catchup .
" why " is not a question well suited for our site , as it probably is a speculative question and such off topic ( see our [ faq ] ) . although , a short technical explanation : the company building your rom decided such . " how can i disable them " would be better fitting , and even has answers : if you cannot disable them from settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , you will need to root your device . having done that , there are several apps available allowing you to " freeze " unwanted system apps . the most well-known of them is titanium backup which , as a side-effect , provides you with a powerful backup solution . another candidate for that is app quarantine root/freeze .
as you refer to the article utilizing adb backup , you want to use adb to access your device . so for windows , you would need to install the corresponding drivers ; on linux , a single line in /etc/udev/rules/50-android.rules will be sufficient . i would suggest you read my answer on the question what is adb . . . , which ( at its end ) mentions a few guides to get you started with adb . for a quick configuration on linux , follow the steps in my answer on configuring adb for nexus 4 on ubuntu . if on the linux host the device is not turning up in the listing of sudo lsusb , and windows does not even claim to have found an " unknown device " ( as your comments suggest ) , make sure to rule out the usb cable as a possible troublemaker ( try different usb cables ; you might even visit a shop to " try before buy " , best taking a laptop with you ) . in case none of multiple usb cables work , a damaged usb port is becoming the likely cause -- though it might be charging fine , one ( or more ) of the data pins ( or their connections to the board ) could be faulty . which would mean you had have to turn in your device for service .
you may have done more harm then good running that " fix " . the fix is for the samsung galaxy s line of phones , not the galaxy s ii . the galaxy s has a horrid gps in it . it takes forever to get a lock , or it never even gets a lock . there have been a bunch of " fixes " that were supposed to fix it , but none ever really fixed anything for me on my galaxy s . these fixes usually do things like change the gps server and the timeout or other things . but as i said , these are for the galaxy s , not the galaxy s ii . the gps , afaik , is better in the s2 . but gps in general can be " flaky " depending on your location and if there is heavy overcast . if the device cannot get a fix on the positioning satellite it will sit there and " wait for location " . you may want to do a factory reset of the device , that should put the settings back in the original state . unless you are rooted and modified system files with the " fixes " . if that is the case , you may want to find the " stock rom " and restore the device to its " true original state " .
i can not speak to the instructions you linked to , but @ryan conrad is correct in saying galaxy s and galaxy s ii devices should not be treated the same . whenever i have had gps trouble the gps status and toolbox app has helped me . in their tools menu you can use the reset or download a-gps data options - those steps seems to reset my gps when it hangs .
personalize ( lower right button on home screen ) shortcut settings running services this adds a shortcut to the running services screen to my home screen , htc thunderbolt with sense 2.0 ui
the fastest way i know is from the home screen click menu-> settings-> applications-> running services . there are some task manager applications , though from what i have read they may be more trouble than their worth as far as bugginess and/or eating through your battery quickly .
in settings , goto applications > internet > clear defaults . next time you perform a search it should ask you which you would like to use and simply select dolphin .
goto settings> location and security> device administrators remove the check mark from afaria , and select deactivate , then remove the application
if you are comfortable using the command line than you could use the directions in can i trigger a media scan via the the command line ? pass file:///sdcard/usbStorage to the media scanner . i can not test this for you so let us know if it works .
i do suppose you went to settings > wireless and networks > mobile network settings and have " enable always-on mobile . . " checked on ?
there are many apps in play store which support multiple touch gestures . for example you can zoom in or out in many video players like ( mx player , bsplayer ) e-book readers like mantano reader uses two finger touch to scroll pages . . . gesturecontrol app is totally based on multi-touch and gestures . . .
what about fruitmobile app backup ? i have not tested it but it looks like it can backup/restore apps and app data to/from the sd card without root .
i could start with the very same lamentations : no root no fun . as except for root only the app itself can access its data , there is no real way around -- except . . . but first an elegant alternative to the mentioned titanium backup : while running both ( rooted ! ) devices simultaneously , appsync can synchronize apps and data . so you could even start some game on one device , sync , and continue on the other -- just to give you one example . the one possibility without root requires at least ics ( android 4 . x ) . i am not sure whether this works betwenn different devices ( or whether some device component is used for encryption ) , but as far as i understood it should do : using adb backup and adb restore , which requires the android sdk installed on your computer , and is described in detail in the article on full backup of non-rooted devices .
the short answer is , this is not possible without rooting . application data and settings can not be accessed outside the application/system by the regular user account for security reasons .
i have news for whomever said : " without root it is not possible " yes it is . i got a asus transformer tf700t in oct 12 . it came with app backup . it gives you the choice of just backing up the app or app/data . tested it and it works !
i know you would like to have the transfer done without rooting . but in my opinion it can not be done . so , in case if you are ready for a compromise on rooting , you can use titanium backup root app to back up and restore apps with its data and settings . i once did this kind of transfer between two rooted phones . on the first phone , i backed up all user apps with its settings and data . i copied the tb 's folder in sd card to my computer and in my other phone ( already rooted ) i used the same google account and downloaded titanium backup . after a first run , i copied the previously copied tb 's folders from computer to the other phone 's sd card , over writing the existing content . after running tb in the other phone , i opted for restore all user apps with its data and i got back everything as it is .
i find moving the cursor to a particular place in some text far more accurate using the trackball than trying to select it by prodding the touchscreen . i would say that there might not be a specific use case which can not be accomplished using only the touchscreen but that there are certainly tasks for which using the trackball is easier . it is all probably quite subjective though , and depends on user preference .
i suppose to best " answer " your question , the trackball is there to assist when the touch screen is not accurate enough . it also exists to give people more choice when scrolling and or selecting . personally , i never use it for that but instead use it for trackball wake . not having to push the power button every time to turn the screen on is a god-send . i , like others here , also run led customizations to notify me of specific things .
a lot of devices ( like most of the galaxy s family ) actually do not have a trackball/pad at all now . i very rarely used the trackball on my old htc magic , and have not missed its absence at all on my galaxy s . it is not needed these days , the touchscreen is enough .
i wager that it was a way to attract blackberry users .
beside moving the cursor in a textbox it is also nice as blinking orb of information . for mine if it is blinking blue i have a tweet waiting and if it is purple that is a google voice message , etc . and it blinks red and then blue and then green i have three things waiting . armed with that kind of information i can make a decision about if it worth getting the " stare of death " from my wife if i pick it up at dinnertime . what i really need is to have it blinking red if a new angry birds is available at the market .
i use an app called airdroid which allows me to upload folders/files to my android phone . it is not done via bluetooth , however . it is done through my 4g connection .
you can try unrevoked if you have the right htc phone . i have not tried it , but people say it does not wipe the phone . the other one you can try is superoneclick which also roots the phone without wiping i believe .
it might be caused by a notification set for a calendar event ( or a task , if you have a task organiser that integrates with the calendar ) . i found that if i dismissed a calendar notification , it would continue to activate but it would not appear in the notification bar ! i had to go through my calendar , look for events with notifications , and disable any outstanding ones that i found .
well . first , i deleted my exchange account . then i was able to change the screen lock settings and the change would be displayed in the settings page , but when i locked the screen , no pin or pattern was required to unlock . then i power cycled the phone . after that i was able to successfully use screen lock settings . then i added back my exchange account , and the phone continued to work fine . i have no idea what the root cause of my problem was , but it is all working now .
if you have a vpn set up on your mobile phone , the os will not allow you to remove the pin . . . i installed vpn and it asked me to secure the phone and led me to the pin settings and i set a pin . . . later , when i wanted to remove the pin , it will not allow me and it did not come to my mind that it was because of setting up the vpn . i had to completely get rid of all the vpn settings to be able to remove the pin . however , in your case , the problem is opposite but i posted this for information and this may help .
i read you post with interest as i am having trouble since updating my phone to ics and getting it to work with exchange 2003 . since updating to ics i can not change my sync settings from hourly of peak and every 15 mins in peak hours if i change the setting the next time a sync happens it get changed back . the same phone worked just fine when it was on gb so i am thinking there are a few bugs in ics what i have noted is if i put on security policy on out exchange server ( meaning i have to put a pin in on the phone ) it all seems to work fine . odd i know i am guessing that it will take a long time for google to fix this if they bother at all .
this has basically been answered in the comments above but i will wrap it all up into an answer : no , you can not play songs that have apple 's fairplay drm protection on your android phone without removing the drm protection ( which technically violates apple 's toc ) . as edarerathis pointed out , songbird does not actually support fairplay drm'd media , quicktime does , so songbird ( like realplayer ) uses quicktime to decode the songs and play them . it wont work without quicktime installed and so you can not use this functionality in linux or android .
yay ! thanks to a lot of help from izzy , i was able to extract the name of the launcher activity from keep 's manifest . so that means that the console command is : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.google.android.keep/.BrowseActivity  it goes without saying to make sure to preserve proper capitalization ( casing ) . if you want me to find out the names of any of the other activities ( so your command launches that activity instead of the main page ) , just let me know !
more of a photography question than an android question , i think . remember that hdr is high dynamic range , essentially your camera takes 3 ( or more ) pictures at different exposures : one normal , one bight , one dark ( ev -1,0 , +1 ) . it then combines all of these to create an image that represents what ' what your eyes see ' by bringing out the dark parts of the photo with the light copy and dimming the bright parts with the dark copy ( a simplified explanation ) . with the images you have shown me , it seems as if you are shooting directly into a light source , and while this works if you want to shoot a silhouette , it is not the best option for hdr style photography unless you have control on how to edit the highlights/shadow -essentially photoshop type post-processing . this is not very conducive to hdr imaging , and thusly will produce ' bad ' ( not desired ) images . i would suggest taking a picture where the light source is behind the phone ( not aimed at the lens ) as a hdr comparison . to explain for the difference between stock camera hdr and best hdr pro , my thoughts go to the hdr algorithm . i assume that both apps have a different way of processing hdr images , and from the looks of it , the stock camera is using an algorithm that avoids the use of noise while best hdr pro is pushing either iso or brightness up to give a more hdr like look . like i stated before , take images with light coming in from different directions and try to take images with quite a bit of detail ( flowers , landscapes , ect . ) to get a good comparison . that should help you decide on the performance of the apps themselves .
you can use bluestacks ; works as emulator .
you could install the android sdk and run an instance of android through the emulator . probably not the simplest solution but the emulator usually runs pretty well for developers .
the message means that your internal and/or external sd card are being scanned for media files . if you have recently added a lot of files , this can take some time . if this is not the case , the indexing might be broken . i would suggest backing up your data from the phone 's internal storage and your sd card , formatting both and trying again . if the problem persists , do a full factory reset . otherwise , try adding the data from the backups to the phone and see if the camera still works . if i remember correctly , you can find the setting to format the internal memory in Settings -&gt; Storage -&gt; Internal memory -&gt; Format and the full factory reset in Settings -&gt; Security -&gt; Factory reset , but these depend on your android version and might be relocated somewhere else .
i have had same problem . i wrote about it and it is solution in this document which i shared here . all you need to reset is that media scanner : Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage applications &gt; All &gt; Media Storage: Force stop &amp; Clear data . then , reboot .
go to Settings &gt; Applications, Manage application, All, Media storage &gt; Clear data . most of the times , it helps solve the problem .
was having same problem and read somewhere that problem was solved by deleting corrupt picture file . i deleted a few recent pics and still had problem . remembered that i recently backed up phone for 1st time and had that file stored on external sd card . deleted file , no more constant media scanning . apologies if similar posted .
i had the same problem and none of these fixes worked . it turns it that my spotify was the problem . it had crashed and could not find the media files i had downloaded . i uninstalled spotify and that solved the problem .
go to the settings app , select the " all " tab , find media storage or media and force stop it . then reboot and the problem should be fixed .
initially i cannot even open camera application on my lg g2 . it keep saying " try again after scanning media files " use media library repair scanner https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.azend.refreshmusic you do not need to root phone just click on refresh button and let media scanner start scanning and finished .
many people have that kind of problem and i have the same one . moving apps to sd card just delays a bit the problem because something else fills up the internal storage . i finally figured out and it works great . i have a galaxy tab 7 but many android devices will experience that . there are 2 important folders . the one called /data is actually not really just data but it is where android install the application apk and some of the data related to it . if you force the apk to install on sd card , it will still use some of the /data space ( small amount ) for some data . the problem i discovered is in /data/tombstone , you will find 10 files named tombstone_0# . these are debugging info collected by android . these files build up over time . you do not need that for a normal user . delete all of them . these 4 files were using 1.4gb of my 1.89gb internal tablet storage . to do so , you will need to root your device . yes , you must . and it will not explode do not worry , i have done it and many others too ! then get a program like " root explorer " to browse and delete the junk . it will request and be granted root privilege if you rooted your device before and you will be able to do whatever you want . to root your device , just google " root android my device model " and you should find quickly how to root your device . this problem is a design flaw . when there is a low internal storage , android should start a background task to clean up that junk .
i have encountered this problem with link2sd multiple times already . you can try to recreate your mount script via link2sd , reboot and then relink all your application files , lib files , and dalvik-cache . . hope this solves your problem .
often the system recreates some of the files that were previously linked to sdext2 . this often happens with libraries , but can affect other components ( apk , dex ) as well . for libraries , link2sd has a “relink all library files” command in its menu . there is also an option to do this each time the system boots . you can also look at your linked apps and see which components are still linked ( symbolized with a little arrow -> in the app list ) and manually relink components if necessary .
yes , it decreases standby time because wifi is one of the more significant things draining the battery . as long as wifi is enabled , your phone is constantly scanning for new networks and " listening " on tcp ports . additionally it will be sending data from applications , requesting updates , etc . ; and if you have the play store set to automatically update apps then it will also be downloading and installing apps , which also significantly drains the battery . i suggest to use juicedefender or an equivalent app if you are experiencing poor battery life .
as jamesryan pointed out , leaving wifi connected and inactive uses less battery than if it has to keep searching for an ap . i use a htc desire and initially had my wifi set to sleep after 15min , but then realised that every time i unlocked my phone it would wake the wifi , and in turn it would start searching for an ap . afterwards , i set wifi to never turn off - this actually resulted in more battery power left at the end of the day ( even with the occasional sync of my accounts - email , twitter etc ) .
this has been my experience with htc 's evo : wifi uses less power compared to 3g when actively downloading/uploading large amounts of data . even when doing a lot of browsing . however , unlike 3g , the wifi radio never goes to sleep . so when you are not actively downloading data , it is best to turn it off . this is unlike gps and bluetooth where if they are not being used , they do not use much power at all .
turning off anything that is not in use will generally increase battery life . also remember that the biggest drain on the battery is generally the display . setting your brightness to the lowest level ( or at least auto ) can do a lot to save your battery life . also , if you typically connect to wifi at home , but do not have access at your work , there are apps that can automatically turn off the wifi radio ( among other things ) in the morning , then turn it back on in the late afternoon/early evening . i use advanced volume mode scheduler to do this .
wifi uses significantly less power then 2g or 3g and in fact uses less while connected and inactive than when it is searching for an ap . so i leave it on all the time and my battery lasts longer .
by my experience it seems that if wifi is connected to a network then leaving it on will improve standby time as all the periodic data access that an android phone does will go through wifi . and accessing data over wifi is more battery efficient than 2g/3g/lte . on the other side , if wifi is not connected to a network then it will constantly search for one and decrease the standby time . so what i try to do is to leave wifi on whenever i think i will be around a known wifi ap for some time but i leave it off the rest of the time . the drawback is that it forces me to change the setting at least a couple times per day .
yes , i would imagine leaving wifi on all the time would drain the battery faster . even if you are not actively connected to an access point ( ap ) , the phone is still constantly scanning all the aps in the vicinity of where you are and that takes energy .
the general rule is to turn off what you are not using .
according to this thread , you need to use software like pdanet to get it to work .
try this friendcaster for facebook app . this has a feature to upload multiple pictures from gallery .
afaik android has no support for umts/lte/mobile-connectivity usb-sticks . the sim slot was always used for mobile connectivity . the gobi chip supports more technology for mobile connectivity , allowing the thinkpad to establish mobile connectivity in various countries . with a normal chip you are restricted to your region .
broadcom , qualcomm , imagination 's powervr , nvidia 's tegra , and arm 's mali gpus all have partially ( mostly ) closed-source drivers . in general , the only open-source code in the driver is any vendor extension to the gl and egl header files , and a gpl'ed shim that can be loaded into the kernel to allow it to communicate with the binary-only driver . vendors often contribute related code to upstream projects , though , such as x windows direct rendering code , or the android graphics subsystem . most of the gpu vendors are afraid that open-sourcing their drivers will reveal details of how their technology works , which will provide leverage for patent trolls to make spurious claims that parts of the gpus or drivers infringe their patents . for this reason , it is unlikely that any drivers will be open-sourced fully unless/until this risk changes . there are no rules for open-sourcing all the code for an android device . it would be very difficult to make a completely open-source device . even if gpu drivers were open , most ( if not all ) cell radios have binary-only firmware for regulatory reasons : if you could change the drivers , you could make them run on illegal channels , or exceed the maximum permitted transmit power .
enter the main device settings , and from the my device page , choose lock screen . click on the screen lock item to see the list of screen lock methods , and change it to whichever type you like ( perhaps swipe or none ) . you will have to enter the existing password ( or pin ) to make the change . if you are using your phone to connect to a corporate exchange server , or similar , then a security policy on the device might force you to have a password ( or possibly a pin , depending on the policy ) . in that case , you will have to speak to your network administrator to get the policy removed before you can remove the password .
titanium stores the . apk 's in /sdcard/TitaniumBackup/ and the data in the same folder in zip files . you can click the . apk to install it when viewing in a file manager . to restore the data , you can extract the zip file on a pc and copy the contents of the data folder ( another folder named something like com.domain.appname ) to /data/data/ on the device using adb : adb push com.domain.appname /data/data/
you do not need to make your own folders . the proper file to put the mp3s is /system/media/audio/ - where you will find folders for /alarms , /notifications , and /ringtones there are two things to keep in mind when doing this : if you are using full-sized . mp3 's , you will put considerable strain on the system when it comes time to load one . in my experience , two minutes of mp3 works fine for an alarm , but such a file takes a few seconds to load , and will not make for a suitable ringtone , unless you trim the file first . you will have to re-do this every time you flash a new rom . an alternative to this -- is to have them in /sdcard/media/ -- but if you have an older device , having them in the root directory allows for better performance . hth !
relative to the sd card root directory ( i.e. . ${root} ) , ringtone directory : ${root}\media\audio\ringtones notification directory : ${root}\media\audio\\notifications i discovered this while installing ringtones/notifications with ringdroid .
you probably found the correct location ( if your " root of the device " refers to the root of your sdcard ) . for details on those directories , please check with is there any documentation on the correct/expected directory structure of the external memory card ? . one thing which however may apply : for those files to become available with your settings , the media scanner must have been run and having them indexed . usually this should happen automatically when your sd-card gets mounted ; but it may be much delayed when you did not unmount/remount the card ( and e.g. copied files directly on the device ) . in those cases , a little app like sdrescan , scan media , or sdsync ( sd card update ) might prove useful .
i do not have a 4 but i have an original 7 . you can get a reboot on the 7 by pushing and holding the power button until it reboots . so try that . sometimes you can go to the shut down menu and long press where it says shut down , but that may just be mods . but if it were me i would try those , just to try it . :- )
i found one solution : adb reboot this requires connecting the device to a computer , so it is not perfect , but it works pretty well if i just want to reboot it when i go to sleep .
in android 4.2 and later , you can tell android which wi-fi networks are mobile hotspots . in the device settings , go to the data usage page , then open the overflow menu ( the three dots in the top-right ) and click mobile hotspots . it shows a list of wi-fi networks known to the device : tick any that are mobile hotspots . then , when you are on a network that is ticked on that list , android will tell apps that the device is on 3g . any " wi-fi only " update settings in apps or in the os will act accordingly . in addition , if the mobile hotspot is an android phone running 4.3 or later , the hotspot will communicate this to the tablet , so it will automatically treat that wi-fi network as a mobile hotspot , without any user intervention . for earlier android versions , certain apps ( such as my app showr ) have similar settings to the android 4.2 mobile hotspots page , allowing you to treat a wi-fi network as 3g within that app . this is less useful than the android-wide setting , because not every app supports it , and you need to set it for each app individually , but it works just as well if you can not update to 4.2 .
as you indicated a firewall might do the trick , but you have got no root : you might wish to take a look at noroot firewall and mobiwol : noroot firewall , which both claim to require no root ( as their names indicate ) . noroot firewall works based on defined ip rules : noroot firewall requires no root . it protects your personal information from being sent to the internet . noroot firewall notifies you when an app is trying to access the internet . all you need to do is just press allow or deny button . noroot firewall allows you to create filter rules based on ip address , host name or domain name . you can allow or deny only specific connections of an app . so this will probably not do , as it would apply to " everything " . however , mobiwol should fill the gap : it registers as a vpn , and explicitly claims : disable background activity for selected apps mobiwol : app-specific rules , settings , logs ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) as a side-effect , you can see in the logs which apps connected where to , and might catch some performing suspicious activities ; )
for completeness the answer will also include everything some of which you already know . i understand in your situation that the phone is not distinguishing from your hotspot style of wi-fi ( using expensive data from a cell tower ) to any other wi-fi connection that the data would be cheaper to use . manual and automatic methods there are methods to both easily manually disable auto-sync , and methods to automate the disabling of it : automatic if connected to " home wifi " , then turn on auto-sync ( less account data ) . if connected to " teathername wifi " , then turn off auto-sync simple " scripters " like " macrodroid " , plus other simple " rules creators " can pull this off . example : i mention these 2 because i could not program my way out of a paper bag , but i can make a few scripts , or rules , or constraints , using those methods . probably tasker and automate-it could also perform these functions . auto-sync off is a " easy one " . in my short time with that macrodroid app , i was also able to have it reliably recognise that specific bluetooth devices are connected ( keyboard ) , so that could also be applied to make a auto-sync change . it can also use a " hotspot " trigger and actions , which will not do any good in your situation , because the hotspot is not the device you need to control . that method would have to be applied to the hotspot machine , and some creative firewalling , that does not sound so easy . stopping google store auto updates manually to access the setting when your in the google play store application hit your menu button , and select settings . go to the auto-update section of the settings . setting your apps to never auto update does mean that you have to manually update them , but that gives you the option to choose when the updates occur , giving you control , the google play store settings for update applications can be set to update as follows : a ) do not auto-update apps b ) auto update at any time c ) auto update apps over wi-fi only manual updates at the google store are made easy when you select the play store icon , and go to my apps section . the google store sorts apps that have updates available to the top of the " my apps " listing by carefully adding updates to your device manually you can know if a specific update is causing problems . widget auto-sync switch there are many " widget " programs that will add an icon on your home screen to disable auto sync easily . widget manual sync starting there are also widget apps that have " sync now " button , with syncnow syncing will be updated manually at the press of a button . on my machine this activity ends , after any needed sync is done . background data from apps manual settings in the network settings you click on the mobile data clicking on the menu button to get to the settings . we can see the restrict background setting , and the auto-sync data setting . automatic , identifying a mobile hotspot for no background app data in the above settings mobile data / menu button / mobile hotspots in the mobile hotspot settings , you can select exisiting mobile hotspots , to restrict background app data .
i found four partial solutions to this , with varying thoroughness : 1 . configure tasker or llama to turn off auto-sync . see the question auto sync only when connected to a specific wifi network . instructions are similar for bluetooth or usb tethering . this eliminates the background sync of google apps such as calendar , contacts , gmail , maps , etc . all other apps , such as weather apps , could and would still update . 2 . set the tethering ap as a " mobile hotspot " this is a duplicate of " treat certain wifi networks as mobile/cellular " . you would check your phone 's hotspot ap name as a mobile hotspot . reading off the screen , select the wi-fi networks which are mobile hotspots . apps can be restricted from using these networks when in the background . apps may also warn before using these networks for large downloads . see dan hulme 's answer for further information . however for wifi-only devices the google play store does not have a " auto-update apps over only wifi only " option . i do not know yet if the play store updates apps while on a mobile hotspot . maybe . so i guess the solution is to keep app auto-updates off . 3 . use bluetooth or usb tethering bluetooth and usb tethering are not wi-fi , so therefore apps that set to update only on wi-fi will not update while the tablet under bluetooth or usb tethering . turn off autosync , as per #1 , and this appears as comprehensive as one can get . . . . however for wifi-only devices the google play store does not have a " auto-update apps over only wifi only " option . i do not know yet if the play store updates apps while on bluetooth or usb tethering , so again i guess the solution is to keep app auto-updates off . 4 . enable/disable a firewall the most thorough solution ? if your tablet is rooted , then you can install a firewall to block all internet access except the turn-by-turn navigation app . then all you got to do is enable or disable this firewall . see also izzy 's answer which mentions a vpn-based firewall .
in google chrome for android , go to Settings &gt; Content settings &gt; Website settings . select the website in concern , and clear the data / cache for it .
for me the app fine volume control was the solution . it does not need root , unfortunately is not free ( $ 2.50 ) but provides a 7 day trial . however it does a great job : it subdivides the media volume range in 100 steps , allowing a much finer resolution for your volume choice including enabling to shut the volume to almost nothing . in the setting there is also the option to enable extra low volumes . overall it solved the problem for me perfectly and made my phone a much better music player , thus it is worth every penny . to my knowledge this is the only app with this functionality at the moment .
go to settings . go to sound . change the volume of the media . i am not exactly sure how to get to the option of changing the media volume since my phone is right now bricked .
not a software solution , but you could always try an in-line volume control like this : amazon : koss vc20 volume control you can get one on ebay for close to us $1: ebay search : headphone volume control
on rooted phones , it is possible to install custom kernel which can lower the volume setting lower than is available stock . you might want to look around for custom rom for your device , if it is a common problem it is highly possible someone would make a custom rom to modify the volume setting . you had generally want to try other solutions first though .
the android app , maven music player , has a " pre volume " control that can lower the sound volume below the minimum setting on your phone .
i am afraid this is not really an answer , but i found no way just to post a comment to the question so here it goes : for the samsung galaxy s and the samsung tablets , vodoo control effectively amplifies the sound and it is available in the android market
did you set the default keyboard ?
the facebook for android does not currently support groups and pages . try accessing these features via http://m.facebook.com or http://touch.facebook.com
i know the built-in android mail client does not sync read status with hotmail . have you tried the official hotmail client ? it does seem to support most of hotmail 's more advanced features .
i am not sure whether this works as i believe broadcast settings are not stored in sim . i searched and stumbled on this htc support page where the solution is said as : i resolve problem . it is very simple . just put your sim card in old or some other phone and turn off cell broadcast info option . then return your sim in new phone . on my htc desire 500 there is no option for cell broadcast . after this procedure i do not recives messages . then , another search result says with better detail ( you may have to search for Cell Broadcast . though this not deals with your phone ( with htc desire t327w ) , i guess this seems to be a common issue with few htc phones . as per that page : 26-sep-2013 - my earlier review talks about cell broadcast messages problem faced by me while using htc desire xds . after a lot of followup with htc , i have got the steps using which the cell broadcast messages have got disabled in my desire xds . the steps taken by me were as follows for each of the two sim cards : a ) find an old phone which has an option to enable/disable broadcast channels and messages ( in my case its a samsung d500 ) . b ) insert the first sim in that old phone and go to the settings menu for broadcast messages . c ) at first the channels and messages usually appear as disabled . i changed the setting for both channels and messages to enabled in the old phone . d ) switch-off the old phone and switch-on e ) go to the settings menu for broadcast messages . change the settings for both channels and messages to disabled . f ) switch-off the old phone and switch-on g ) switch-off the old phone and remove sim card h ) do the same steps ( a-g ) for the second sim i ) insert the sim cards back in htc desire xds now i do not get any broadcast messages , its such a relief . i hope htc provides a better and elegant solution via a software update in the upgrade to android 4.3 .
assuming the device is running android 4.0 or higher , you could use adb backup to get all data to your computer . then you could extract your messages from the backup file , see e.g. : how do you extract an app 's data from a full backup made through “adb backup” ? is there a way to look inside and modify an adb backup created file ? backup using adb on a phone with a dead screen if you have root access , an easier way might be to directly exctract the corresponding database using adb pull . while the sms database usually is located in /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/mmssms.db , it seems on samsung devices different locations might be used . see e.g. where on the file system are sms messages stored ? a third variant would be utilizing vnc to substitute your screen : broken screen + using adb shell to run vnc server .
i have a roku that is hooked up to my tv . i use plex to handle streaming videos from my pc and other devices . rokus are pretty cheap and plex has done what i need .
i would recommend giving bubbleupnp a try . you will need a dlna/upnp server on your pc for that , but there are plenty of alternatives available . then you can use bubbleupnp as dlna server and control point . i use it to tell my tv what video to play ( tv acts as renderer then , and can be selected from within bubbleupnp ) . you can also tell the tv to play media from your android device , of course – either from bubbleupnp ( as control point ) , or from your tv browsing it . note , however , that for this to work , it has some pre-conditions : your tv must support dlna ( and ideally act as a media renderer ) you need a dlna/upnp server software on your pc ( if you are on windows , i have heard media player should do )
does your phone have a mhl connector ? if so , you could get a mhl to hdmi adapter , connect the phone to the tv and use a video player to stream the content from the pc . i would recommend using plex media server on the pc to host the content and the plex android app to play them . this way you do not have to deal with different video formats as they are automatically transcoded if the source file is not compatible with android . note that plex supports streaming for many different devices , so depending on your tv you may be able to stream directly to it .
quick'n'dirty , stream content to phone and cast screen to tv . try the allcast app .
your native camera app does not support picture effects as the sony devices with jb update . so you have to go for a third party camera app . there are several good apps out there . fisheye camera photo effects pudding camera fxcamera
try to flash stock android 2.1 update1 rom on nexus-1 and then dial this code : *#*#2432546#*#* in your phone/dialer application to receive system updates via fota . once you have updated to your desired version then proceed with rooting . . . .
does this help ? http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=715799 . i remember going down the rabbit hole here some time ago and getting the right binary and installing it on my nexus one . hope this helps . ps - i would have left this as a comment if i could ( not enough reputation :- ( )
if you un-root your phone you should be able to tell it to re-check for updates and then re-apply the update . hopefully you used something like a recovery image to backup your phone before you rooted it , if so then you should be able to restore that backup to get yourself back into an un-rooted state . ( depending on the type of backup you took originally , restoring it may or may not overwrite your current user data , make sure you use all the available tools to backup any data you care about before restoring ) now you are unrooted you can go through the normal android process to check for ota updates : you can see if there is a pending update by clicking the system updates option at the top of that screen ( this will only show the available updates if your phone already knows about them , it does not go back to google/network ) . there is a way to force it to go back the google/the network if an update you are expecting is not showing : go to the homescreen . tap on dialer - to open the dialer screen . from the dialer type *#*#checkin#*#* ( that is *#*#2432546#*#* ) after a few seconds , you will receive an alert notification , accessible from the homescreen window shade " checkin result success " . return to the homescreen . press the menu key . select settings . scroll down , and select about phone . select system updates . if an update is available , you should see the update downloading . when the download is complete , you will be prompted to install ( now or later ) . you can now re-root your phone ( after backing up again ) to get your hebrew interface back . if applicable you should be able to re-use the tools you backed your data up with to get it back again .
the easiest way would be to install ROM Manager from the market . it is a fantastic application written by the guys that created cyanogenmod . from this app , you can download and install vanilla roms and custom roms with a few clicks . highly recommended .
should not be any major side effects . most applications are pretty good about cleaning themselves up . however , a lot of times you will see a directory at the root of your sd card from an uninstalled app . this directory was most likely created by the app to store some type of data externally , whether it be downloads , backups , etc . you may have to manually delete these if they show up . use a file manager to browse your sd card every once in a while .
aside from sd card , if the application connects to a server to provides its service , it may stores data in the server .
rooting will not affect any applications that are already installed . all you are doing is giving yourself administrator rights to your phone . you will not have to wipe/reload , etc . unless you plan on installing a custom rom . if you do want to install a custom rom , i highly recommend using titanium backup to backup all of your apps and their data . also do a nandroid backup ( it is like making an image of your phone that you can restore to ) right after you root and before you do anything major to your phone ( such as installing a rom ) .
htc one v users can now take the software update . htc has provided the update for whatsapp crash . go to settings> about> software update
if the title bar disappears , install a task killer and kill all tasks . it may help .
try updating htc one v software . this will solve your issue . no need to reinstall whatsapp . you can go to setting -> about -> software update -> check now .
since this issue is mostly isolated to htc devices running 4.0.4 os or older , we have reason to believe your device may have issues with indian languages written in devanagari such as hindi , punjabi , gujarati etc . android only recently added sanskrit based characters support to android 4.3 . this is likely what is causing the crash in your history . unfortunately , this is not something that whatsapp can resolve , the only known fix is to update your phone to a phone that supports sanskrit languages or to ask your contacts to stop sending you messages containing devanagari fonts . if you have any other questions or concerns , please feel free to contact us . we would be happy to help ! regards kuldeep
i had the same issue , mine is not rooted too , this worked : go to settings , apps , all , and then look for contacts ( not phone contacts or sim contacts , is the one that has the contacts icon ) , then force stop , erase data . restart phone to restart contacts app and it will work properly ; ) hope this helps !
if your device is rooted , you can use titanium backup to wipe data for the contact application . there by you will reset the contact app 's settings as well as the contacts . there by you can start fresh . however , if you had synced the contacts before this step , you can again sync to get back your contacts .
there is an app that can do this , un-rooted , called droidcopy it transfers everything across via bluetooth . disclosure : i am associated with the app .
your apps will be synchronized with your google account . you can see what apps are synchronized by going to the web-based google play/android market site and going into account settings . your contacts as well are synchronized by default but to make sure , go to account settings on your phone . your pictures , downloads , and any other files you may want to transfer can be uploaded to your computer temporarily and then from your computer to your new phone . alternatively , you could do this last bit a number of ways : bluetooth : bluetooth file transfer ftp : ftp server , ftp client samba : samba server , samba client you get the idea : file transfer apps you would need to root your phone to be able to access or copy the application data to your new phone .
helium - app sync and backup ( previously carbon ) will sync all your app data , such as settings and so on : helium lets you backup your apps and data to your sd card or cloud storage . with helium , you can sync app data from your other android devices-- even if they are not on the same network [ . . . ] helium does not require root . all android users can use helium to backup and sync android applications .
it depends on the device . some devices have a safe mode , whereas some do not . if it does have a safe mode , the combination would most likely be in the instruction manual . on my old lg-gt540 , pressing home and power booted safe mode . remember that this functionality can sometimes be broken when using a custom rom .
this will help . i got stuck on that too ! ! http://www.apnaarticle.com/htc-one-enter-and-exit-safe-mode/
this depends a little on the device and what version of android you have . on versions of android later than 4.1 you can access safe mode by bringing up the power down menu ( i.e. . hold the power button ) and long pressing the " power off " option . this will bring up a little dialog box that will ask if you want to reboot into safe mode . the addition is noted on the android web site under " system " changes . on some older phones - though not all will necessarily support this - there may be a button combination that you can hold at boot to get into safe mode instead . for example , the galaxy s2 used to allow you to hold down the hard menu button during the boot process to start up in safe mode . others have used ( i believe ) holding both volume up and volume down . check your user manual ( or google ) for your specific device to find more information , including whether or not the device supports safe mode at all . as to what " safe mode " means - it generally disables third party apps and widgets , to help you recover from a bad app install , give you a chance to remove a possibly rogue/malicious app , or simply determine what apps may be causing problems in your system .
depends from which version if for example your going to update to 4.4 . x then yes you should do it . version 4.4 . x has a big leap on any device . check out this kitkat 4.4 . x other versions not so much for example samsung released 4.3 and from 4.2.2 it has downgraded performence . hope it helps .
imo has a direct download link on their android webpage . there also seem to be quite a few other apps to try : https://play.google.com/store/search?q=facebook+chatc=apps
i am assuming you mean microsd , not sd . sounds like the card is broken . you could try formatting it as ext3 or fat and see if either work . also , see if it works on a pc ( you can get a microsd/usb adapter for next to nothing ) .
same thing happening to me . after updating my galaxy grand to 4.2.2 i can no longer use the phone to format any microsd cards . . . very strange . i need to format to fat32 on pc and then it will work . even if i format to extfat on pc the phone will reject it . as an experiment , i deleted the partition on the microsd card with my pc . i then placed it into my phone . it prompted me that the card was unformated . when i formatted it with the phone all i got was " sd card safe to remove " . i removed the card from the phone and checked it with my pc . the phone did format the partition , but it was set as " other " type . . do not know what to make of this . . .
basically , you can not . the charge/protection circuitry in the battery probably got damaged by the water , and you are done now . count yourself lucky that it was only a new battery that you needed and be happy .
i would suggest using titanium backup . it has extra features for rooted devices , but normal app and data backups work fine wihtout root .
have you tried restarting your phone after you removed the mail account ? make sure to also uncheck Settings &gt; Security &gt; Device administrators &gt; Email .
upgrade to 4.3 one more time from official 4.3 . zip . i had the same and that helped me .
i had the same issue with the . zip version of the ota i found on xda . what worked for me was removing the google account from settings and re adding it .
in my case was just an app . " lantern " - flashlight using led . after uninstalling that app the camera was ok again .
shareing is a feature the application needs to explicitly code for and then advertise to the system that it accepts share requests . if you have an scp app that you like but it is not offering the share feature try checking if the developer has a website with more information . if you still have no luck try emailing the developer and asking for the feature .
i have solved this issue by going to contacts > display options > select contacts to display > check all
you have not mentioned your android version , if it is android 4.0+ , i fear you cannot do this . there is no option to show contacts with phone numbers only in People app that is included in 4.0+ . if you are on gingerbread or earlier versions , you have a setting something like this : Contacts app - &gt; Menu -&gt; Display Options -&gt; Only contacts with phone numbers  i am talking about stock android apps , your manufacturer / rom builder may have a tweak depending on what rom are you running . i do not see a chance , but still a possibility . see this similar question .
from the op : ok , managed to solve this . can not answer my own question for 8 hours , by which time i will forget . if a mod can mark this as answered , please do fastboot will allow you to install signed images , apparently , so the trick is to use one of those . steps to resolve : downloaded a copy of the relevant rom from here . unzipped . i could not just push using fastboot update because fastboot expects roms to contain certain informational files ( android-info.txt and android-product.txt ) which the above archive lacks . pushed each of the files using the following commands . mfastboot is the motorola-specific fastboot , which i found here . that archive contains versions for linux , mac , and windows , which is nice . ( darwin == mac . ) i am fairly confident you can use that in place of fastboot everywhere below . make sure you use the right carrier code and rom ! i have verizon ( vzw ) . fastboot oem fb_mode_set fastboot flash partition gpt . bin fastboot flash motoboot motoboot . img fastboot flash logo logo . bin fastboot flash boot boot . img fastboot flash recovery recovery . img mfastboot flash system system . img fastboot flash modem non-hlos . bin fastboot erase modemst1 fastboot erase modemst2 fastboot flash fsg fsg . mbn fastboot erase cache fastboot erase userdata fastboot erase customize fastboot erase clogo fastboot oem config carrier vzw fastboot oem fb_mode_clear done ! at this stage i rebooted and it was exactly as new .
the moto x does not support t-mobile 's wifi calling . customer support reps have stated that this is because it is not a carrier branded device , meaning they have not modified the system rom to add this feature : the moto x does work on our network but because it is not a t-mobile branded device we do not support wifi calling on it . you will either need to set up some other voip service or get a different phone that supports this .
so this turned out to be a pretty easy fix , once it dawned on me what it was . i just recently installed the xposed framework , and the xprivacy module . when i uninstalled the old hangouts , it must have deleted all the old permission settings in xprivacy , and then when i reinstalled it , it defaulted to maximum restriction . with access to the phone accounts restricted , hangouts was not able to see my google accounts . the fix was as simple as fixing the permission settings for hangouts in the xprivacy module .
the same happens occasionally on my galaxy s , usually about 5-10 minutes after plugging in . if you can handle the dev tools , you could try charging the phone from an usb port while running logcat and checking what goes on around the time the phone activates , or if the screen turns on only when charging from a wall socket you could run aLogcat on the phone while charging and then try to see the reason , but it can be a bit tricky on the phone .
i eventually tracked this down using the app " task identifier " . it is a bit awkward to use and has an odd interface , but it also has the useful feature of showing an alert if apps activate when the phone is sleeping . it turned out that the problem was the sync service from the doubletwist app , and it appears that it was indeed caused by an inappropriately-used acquire_causes_wakeup wakelock . i have e-mailed them a bug report .
i had this problem when i had sipdroid installed -- every time its connection dropped and came back up , it would turn on the screen . you could use an app like titanium backup ( requires root ) to " freeze " an app , and see if the problem stops . if it does you know what app is the problem . then uninstall it , or turn off background sync for it or something if that might be the problem . tb can uninstall system apps , but be careful which ones .
probable answer by guessing what you are doing : if all those unwanted pictures are also displayed in the galery , and you use some " media-importing-software " ( as opposed to just copying files in explorer yourself ) : this importing software is probably contacting your android device 's media server for " media of the type image " , so it gets all images returned the media service knows about . no big help up to this , but : you can tell the media service to exclude directories from its library by placing an empty file named .nomedia there ( the leading dot is essential in the file name ! ) . as soon as the media scanner finds that file , the entire directory it resides in ( including all subdirectories ) is skipped . if there are any pictures , videos or sound files , they will not show up in the galery ( but you still can access them via a file browser if you want ) , and the media service will not even know they exist . so the next time it is asked for " all media of type image " , those files will not be mentioned .
after you start the recording which you have already figured out , but for others i will list it below , you add a wait action for the specified amount of time , then add an action to stop recording . in your task , choose plugin-> easy voice recorder and configure it to record . for the second action , choose task-> wait and configure it for 10 hours . for the final action , choose plugin -> easy voice recorder and configure it to stop .
setup the phone as a modem . still most android phones can be setup as a wifi hotspot . following urls may help you http://benchmarkreviews.com/index.php?option=com_contenttask=viewid=658itemid=38 http://blogs.computerworld.com/smartphones/20726/android-wifi-hotspot
if it reoccurs again and you have trouble pinning down which app it is , i would recommend watchdog ( free version is more than sufficient ) . you can use it to to track down what is eating up cpu so you can eliminate the program directly instead of having to remove it all and swap them all in individually .
i have had a lot of pegged-cpu , laggy-phone problems with my mt3g stock android phone . at different times , i have thought it was due to specific apps , but it usually comes back . certain apps make it worse , better keyboard seemed epecially bad , but i am not sure any one app is the root cause . i have master re-set a few times , it eventually comes back . very , very frustrating . ( i use wing tseng 's task manager to see cpu usage . )
are you over/underclocking your cpu at all and/or using profiles ? a lot of users will underclock their cpu when the phone is sleeping , which may save battery . however , if you underclock too much ( 125 mhz ) , the phone will lag like crazy when it wakes . it is recommended to never underclock further than 250 mhz . aside from that , i am not really sure anything would cause this to happen and would need more information to help you diagnose .
instead of doing that , just try with watchdog app , which finds which app uses more of your memory or slow downs your android phone . . hope it helps you . .
i have solved it ! ! ! it is easy when you see someone using this tablet . in this video , jdx s7300 testing with shadowgun , you can see how to set the controls in the 1:30
almost everything in the full logcat is an error . i would suggest going a full wipe of data and cache and then reinstall your custom rom . there is no way to know for sure that the part you posted in the original question is the one causing the reboot . they system rebooting may not allow the actual app that is causing it to write to the logcat . you are hiving errors in everything from telephony to the installer . it sounds like there is something in the system that is causing a problem , see if clearing the data and cache fixes it , especially if you never cleared it before switching from one rom to another . based on your comment that you have tried clearing the cache and data , i would suggest then to try and clear the battery stats . this can be done in clockwork recovery , i think there are apps in the market that can do it too , but i dont know if you can get to those as your device is rebooting all the time . if that does not solve it , i would try a different battery because if you have cleared the cache and data and also tried multiple roms and still have the same problem , then it sounds like faulty hardware .
though i am responding late , i too faced this problem today and could figure the call setting by following procedure below : press the phone symbol from the home screen settings button and select ' settings ' . under other call settings select ' additional settings ' caller id is that what you are looking for ? hth
nexus camera beta has nearly the same features like the ios photo booth
there are some flashable . zip versions floating around , but people seem to have mixed success with them . generally speaking , installing the . apk in a traditional manner will cause fc issues . there is a couple of thread s over on the cm forums with links to zips you can try . here 's one such thread for market v2.2.6 ( the first version with the new style ) . you might need to do a little hunting if you want the most recent version ( 2.2.11 , i believe ) . some people have also reported success using the latest mdpi version of gapps instead of the mdpi-tiny version , but i am not sure how likely that is to work . as with most other modifications , i would recommend making a nand/ti backup before you do this . i flashed a newer market on my evo but it caused a bootloop the first time i tried . i think i ultimately ended up clearing my data/ and cache/ partitions , then clearing my dalvik-cache , then flashing the new market . you might not have to do something that excessive to get it to work , but it seemed to do well on my phone .
partial solution long press on home screen to activate shortcut launcher tap on shortcut tap on activites tap on file manager ( astro ) navigate to file location ( internal or external sd card ) tap on target file accept ( or amend ) suggested shortcut name > ok named shortcut appears on home page under an icon for the associated app to display the document to open the document , tap on the icon and then tap on the associated app in the menu .
renaming shortcuts depends on what launcher you use . for example , with go launcher , you simply hold down your finger on whatever you want to rename and a box pops up asking if you want to rename it . the point being is that each launcher is different , but most are intuitive enough to where you just long click on the icon to rename it .
samsung elected not to include all the texture compression formats when they integrated the mali-400 gpu into the exynos chip that powers the galaxy s ii . this is because some formats are patented and would require samsung to pay a fee to the patent-holder to support them . because the s ii was the first high-end phone not to support these formats , most game vendors were not ready to use alternative texture compression formats in their games , and such games will draw with missing textures , like in your screenshot . also , at the time the s ii came out , google play made it very hard to support multiple texture formats with one app : you had to include all the formats in one apk file , making it unnecessarily large . it is now much easier to build for different compression formats and automatically select the right textures for the device you are running on .
also have a samsung galaxy s2 and had the exact same problem with hawks , i installed a different version and it worked fine . i guess it is because of the mali gpu and compatibility .
http://www.jayceooi.com/2011/08/25/how-to-install-and-use-chainfire3d-on-samsung-galaxy-s2/ use this 100% works ! use the third plugin ( powervr ) and bia2 will work ! ! ! ! ! i was thinking i could help because when i had this problem i could not find it on the internet . good luck with it .
that process is called side loading ( i added the corresponding tag to your question , so you may simply click it for related questions ) . and yes , it can be done : all you will have to do is to enable the unknown-sources setting , and then access the .apk using a web browser or file manager . however : downloading apps from " dubious sources " carries a big risk , as they might include malware . chances are especially high if you obtained that file from some " sharing site " like e.g. mediafire or the like , where everybody can put everything . the risk you take that way is not worth the 99 cent saved by not buying the app on the playstore , so i would think twice before doing so . if you got the file from the developer 's site , on the other hand , it should be as safe as if installed via the playstore .
what you need to do is head over to sammobile . com and download the latest firmware for your phone , then using odin you can flash the new firmware . if your driver issues are software related then this will work because odin uses your phones " download mode " and that is a different driver all together , and if your truly stock and not rooted there is no way you could have changed it . samsung kies will come with the needed driver for download mode to get that too if you do not already have it . also you can check out forum . xda-developers . com there is a lot of useful tools and guides there . another option if the samsung kies for skyrocket supports it is a firmware emergency recovery . it will install the latest firmware , and use download mode to do it .
the screen is usually the largest consumer of battery on any device , as it takes the most power to run . some suggestions i can give about battery drain is to make sure that you are turning off wifi , bluetooth , and gps when you do not need them . they are also large consumers of battery . apps like twitter , google+ , and facebook that either check frequently or receive push notifications frequently will also cause drain . you did not say you do specifically , but if you use a task killer to stop tasks from running in the background , you are probably causing more harm then good when it comes to conserving battery . this is because even if these apps are " running " in the background , it does not mean that they are actually " active " . if they are idle , they are not using any battery at all . killing them causes them to exit incorrectly , and when the device needs information from them , it now has to go through the entire process of starting the application back up . this will use more battery then if the app was just idle and responded to the request that it was asked . this restarting of the applications that are killed by task killers can also cause the " slowness " you are experiencing . there are a lot of system services that sit idle in the background , if you kill them , the os may check for these services , as they are registered to be running , and the os will restart them . this will cause memory to be allocated to restart these services , and the cpu needed to run their initialization processes . then if you have something like an auto killer , it will see the service starting and the entire process starts again . this basically never frees up the memory these services are using because they are always being restarted . also the cpu is also always doing the initialization work , and there may be some network communications going on during the start up as well . all of these will cause battery drain , and the device to appear to be running slow .
if you are unable to boot the internal memory and do not have special equipment you are likely going to have to bite the bullet and lose your contacts . i would re-flash the phone in this situation . hopefully you have been using android 's built in contacts backup . xperia tipo re-flashing
search light is open source , has no unnecessary permissions , and has a nice set of operating modes .
i do not see any excessive permissions in color flashlight . yes , it shows an ad for the first 10-15 seconds when you launch it ( at the bottom of the screen , flashlight is still usable ) . the other permissions i believe are needed to change the screen timeout , backlight , and camera flash settings . it should not be hard to make a truly free version , but i have not seen one , and do not mind supporting a developer with a non-intrusive ad .
oi flashlight is open source , it can use both camera flash and bright screen .
kevin 's answer is great , but just some new info : the flashcard app , which was popular since very early on , has been released as open source : https://github.com/devesh/flashlight
your best bet might be to get an app to sd app off of the playstore . here 's an app you can use . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.a0soft.gphone.app2sdhl=en if you do not have enough memory to install it in the first place , check here
when i rooted my g1 and was using cyanogen and we had a similar error we did not need to reflash the rom , but just the gapps package - try reflashing that . or other wise on androidpolice they have the latest market apk file which you could download and trash flashing that and seeing if that will install over the current market . if that still does not work consider reflashing the rom and gapps package again , but make sure you wipe before flashing . i always found that doing a wipe before each flash made for far fewer issues and errors . case in point is my wife is using my g1 running cyanogen 's 2.2 version of android and has been up and running for the last 6 months and we have not had any crashes or errors yet on it , and i made sure to do a wipe and clean install when loading it .
can you go to https://www.google.com/contacts/ and let us know if you see the contacts there ? thanks
visit each contact you wish to designate a favorite , and click the star icon till lit up . then visit the favorites list , and it is there . from the favorites list , click again to clear as a favorite . bing ; it is gone .
to favorite a contact : open Contacts app search for contact to favorite long-press on contact select Add to Favorites to remove from favorites , select Remove from Favorites for a favorite contact ( has a star ) .
i am not an electrical engineer , but i am pretty sure there is either more current flowing through a wall charger than there would be a usb charger or . . . the same amount of current which is just flowing faster from the wall than from the usb port which is why the wall charger will fully charge your battery faster . that heat is totally normal and nothing to worry about ( unless it gets hot enough to burn skin , then i would recommend not touching it ) .
it is not an actual 30 second button , but mx player has a feature to slowly adjust forward and backward ( a full screen swipe typically does ~45-60 seconds ) , making it very easy to precisely navigate a video .
no , odin is just for flashing . the dump command does not seem to work , at least not as of odin3 v1.85 ; see can i make a full backup of my phone with odin and without root ?
i would recommend leaving the stock keyboard and using the google keyboard . it does have a language change key that is great for changing inputs , unlike some stock keyboards . i have set up english ( qwerty ) , english ( dvorak ) , and spanish . its compatible with android 4.0+ .
you need a otg cable to put your android into hostmode , that is if your tablet offers usb otg mode . i have this setup running on my galaxy s2 and my daughters fuhu nabi 2 , works great except for i need better shielded cables to prevent ef interference freezing data .
has every subsequent reboot taken just as long ? if so take the phone into a local store or call your carrier support line and ask them to wipe your phone so you can start out fresh . see if a fresh start helps .
prerequesites : unlocked phone ( 'fastboot oem unlock ' command ) installed android sdk with accessible adb and fastboot executables ( both are part of the sdk ) cyanogenmod 7/9 or 10 image from get . cm ( or whatever rom you want ) nexus s cwm recovery image from clockworkmod . com steps : flash the cwm recovery image : switch off your nexus s , press volume up and power to enter fastboot mode command to flash : fastboot flash recovery recovery-clockwork-6.0.1.0-crespo.img boot to recovery ( e . g . via fastboot boot recovery-clockwork-6.0.1.0-crespo.img ) enter a shell into the running cwm : adb shell , from there mount a tmpfs file system ( used just for the update ) : mount -t tmpfs none /sdcard ( this circumvents the sdcard completely , you do not need to format anything ) push the rom image to the tmpfs ( adb push cm-10-20120827-NIGHTLY-crespo.zip /sdcard/ ) install this via cwm ( the regular way ) follow the remaining usual steps ( gapps , wipe , etc . )
the feature of selection of text is a topping added by phone manufacturers . for an instance , in my lg optimus one ( p500 ) which was running 2.2.2 did not have any text selection feature . as you had said , i have to manually move the caret to a favourable position to erase a text . however during an update to 2.3.3 , the manufacturer had enabled me to select a text by double tap ( and in some places , a single tap or long press is required ) . when i was discussing this with my friend who had samsung galaxy ace running 2.2.2 , i was surprised to know that the feature i got in 2.3.3 was already available in his phone . i guess with android 3.0 onwards , this has been baked in as standard feature .
as we deal with touch screens , which allow for a bunch of gestures : it would be hard for the system to decide whether you want to select text , just move the " pointer " ( e . g . to insert text ) , move the word under your finger to a different position , scroll , or switch to a different screen . . . think of your desktop and moving the mouse , which also would not select anything -- unless you click and hold the button while moving . so usually , selecting text is done the way you described : long-press ( or double-tap , or single-tap -- may depend on the app used ) on the word you want to start marking , then move the markers to include the text you want to select .
in addition to android 's built-in features , it is possible for apps to change the way you copy text . one popular app for this is copy text , which lets you select and copy text that is normally not selectable . if you want to copy text in different ways , browsing the play store to see what is available is a good idea .
i think i found the solution . i need to be root to move the apps .
no , this is not possible given how full-device encryption is currently implemented in android . the bootloader needs your credentials to perform decryption well before anything like drivers for nfc or userland code is loaded .
are you sure gt-s5300 supports android 4.1.2 ? according to sammobile , the latest version for gt-s5300 is 2.3.6 , and it was relased on august 2013 . maybe you are talking about jellyblast rom , which is a custom rom , and not a stock rom . coincidentally , jellyblast rom has version 4.1.1 .
i figured things out . for one , after i added the iptable rule , i needed to reboot my phone for it to apply ( which i was not doing ) . secondly , i needed to use the lan mac address ( not the bssid/wireless mac address ) in order for the iptable rule to work . thirdly , i downloaded afwall+ . it allowed me to set it as administrator to prevent uninstallation . the only thing missing is that the developer needs to password protect removing the app as administrator . then i downloaded android terminal emulator . in order to find the lan mac address for the connection that i am looking to block , i typed this into the emulator : arp -n  then i used the mac address that was given in the terminal and put that into this rule here to be place in " custom scripts " in the firewall : $IPTABLES -A INPUT -m mac --mac-source 00:00:00:00:00:00 -j DROP 
might be worth a shot to try this : $IPTABLES -A "afwall-reject" -m mac --mac-source 00:00:00:00:00:00 -j DROP  the switches in iptables are case-sensitive . replace 00:00:00:00:00:00 that with the mac address of the bssid that is transmitting wifi beacon packets , and password protect it to prevent mitigation attempts in trying to override it .
to use an attached usb device you need to have : a usb otg ( usb on-the-go ) cable usb host mode drivers loaded on your device a version of the android operating system loaded on that device that supports usb host mode an android device ( eg phone or tablet ) that has built-in hardware support for usb host mode and finally there need to be drivers on your device , for whatever usb device you are plugging in . operating system usb host mode support was introduced in android version 3.1 ( honeycomb ) , so if you have android 3.1 , or newer installed on your device then you should have the necessary support for it in your os , android 4 also adds additional usb and otg support . also , many third-party roms add support for usb host mode to phones that have the hardware support , but do not have the necessary os or driver support in the official operating system release . host mode drivers most devices that have both hardware support and a new enough os will have the necessary drivers loaded to enable usb host mode , but some do not . you can find driver apps on the play store for some models that do not have built in drivers . some models with 3rd party instructions and drivers available are : nexus one htc desire htc incredible cable you can not just use a normal usb cable . as these devices can act as both a usb " slave " device ( for instance so that you can plug them into a pc and copy music onto your phone , or copy pictures off the phone ) and a usb " host " ( for example so that you can plug a usb memory stick into your tablet and copy files on or off it ) they need some way to tell which they should act as at a given time . a usb otg ( usb on-the-go ) cable is what is used to tell your device to act as a host , this is like a normal usb cable but it has one of the internal pins connected to ground at one end to let that device know that it should act as the host ( technically pins 4 and 5 are shorted to ground in an otg cable ) . additionally , as most phones have micro-usb sockets , but most usb dongles have " full-size " usb plugs , as below many otg cables have a male micro-b usb plug at one end , and a female usb-a plug at the other to convert between the different sized connectors . the motorola camera connection kit , which is a usb otg cable usb otg cables can be bought fairly cheaply on places like ebay or the amazon marketplace , as well as many small electronics shops . you may also find that your device 's manufacturer sells an official , branded one , often called something like a " camera connection kit " or " usb memory stick connection cable " . if you are brave you can also find various tutorials on the web on how to make your own otg cable from a standard usb cable . usb device drivers when you plug your usb device into your android phone or tablet it needs to know what that usb device is and what to do with it . for common devices , like usb memory sticks , or cameras that support pptp or usb mass storage , these will often already be built into the os . for other usb devices , like wifi , 3g or bluetooth dongles there may not be drivers pre-built into the os , or only drivers for certain specific devices . how to test everything together there are some apps that can help you test whether you have all of the necessary hardware and software to do this , such as usb host diagnostics . using it to test your device 's capabilities is very simple install usb host diagnostics from the play store run it tap the start diagnostics link , and following the directions first ensure that you have nothing plugged into usb on your device and then plug a device ( such as a usb flash drive ) in when prompted if everything works you should end up with a summary screen like this , showing firstly a few details about your device and the running os , then letting you know whether or not your device says that it supports usb host mode , and then the all important final verdict that lets you know whether testing the host mode access worked or not : if everything is working and the app successfully detected your usb device ( showing that your usb host mode is working ) you should have " yes"s in the ringed sections , and some details showing how much access 3rd party ( ie non-built-in ) apps have to the device . if not , there should be details there to help you track down where the problem is . alternatively , chainfire , the author of usb host diagnostics , has a ( long ) listing of all the reports that people have submitted after running the test on their devices . you can look your device up in the list and see if people with your device and operating system version have passed all of the tests , or not . have a look for your device here : http://usbhost.chainfire.eu/
i had this problem and even sent my arc to a service centre for repair who said it is fine . i was about to send the battery in for examination when i noticed black marks on the gold contacts . i cleaned the contacts and it is never restarted since ( in around 7 months )
you need to update your phone to the latest firmware 4.0.2 . a . 0.62 . i bet yours is 4.0.2 . a . 0.58 if you can not update the phone over ota or pc suite , use wotan to update the phone to 4.0.2 . a . 0.62 . the reboot problem occurred on nearly all se xperia models .
in my case it did not seem to have anything to do with any software configuration or combination on my phone and was purely hardware related . this is not to say that in some cases the software you may or may not have on your device would be causing a memory leak / stack overflow and causing your device to reboot as a result . i could not , and would not , believe it , but after adding a small piece of paper between the battery and the phone under the back cover , my xperia arc has not rebooted for 3 weeks , whereas before it would reboot around twice a day . once again , thanks all for the suggestions and comments . i will continue to monitor my phone , but i do not foresee any future reboots . . . related to the battery anyway . . .
this is a known bug , and it is not entirely clear if it is the sms application or android 's sms implementation itself . you can see the ticket here , which was closed on jan 29 , 2011 . the fix has been slow getting out to phones other than the nexus line because carriers have not released updates that include it . one option in the meantime would be to try an alternative sms app , such as handcent or chompsms . however , though many people say that it does help , others have reported that the bug still persists on 3rd party apps . there is also a reportedly related bug that causes outgoing messages to be sent to the wrong recipient . the " opening the wrong thread " bug was closed as a duplicate of the " wrong recipient " bug , as the fix for the latter apparently applied to the former ( according to google ) .
are you sure you need tor for all youtube videos ? if you only need youtube access , then you should try alternative lower latency circumvention techniques , like alternative dns providers or a vpn . tor should be used when you are worried about your government even knowing what you watch , meaning countries like iran , china , syria , etc . case 1 . you care about speed and access , but not really privacy . you should first try bypassing your nation 's dns servers by simply setting a dns server outside the country . opennic and opendns are cool , albeit maybe slow . google has some faster ones . etc . all these options worked fine in turkey . if your country blocks more than dns then try using a vpn based outside your country , including free ones like vpnreactor . vpns are slower than simply bypassing a dns block , but almost any vpn should be faster than tor . or even a dedicated youtube proxy . case 2 . you care about privacy more than speed . use tor , preferably tor everything mode . there are security risks with using youtube 's flash app through tor , probably this specific issue does not impact youtube 's android app . yet , maybe tor 's " select apps " mode does not adequately handle the ndk , where youtube 's codecs probably live . if so , that is harder . try a browser maybe ?
the error you get is via kies and relates to the pc that is running the kies - it checks to see if you have 3gb of space on it ( do not know why ) . it does not relate to the space on the phone internal memory .
my idea . . . if you dont see the file , try to use another one file manager what have the option " show hidden files " . ( sometimes it is impossible without root rule . . . ) and save the app to the sd card from the phone memory , then try to copy everything . after moving , try to re-copy everything . ( *server sync not exists ? *game support doesnt recommend anything for you ? )
do not ever believe that ios or android cannot get viruses , they may be less susceptible to viruses just to the simple fact that there are significantly less viruses for mobile platforms as opposed to say windows . i strongly advise against going to websites from google images . i have battled for countless hours with other computer viruses that people got from browsing images from google . try downloading avg from the play store and running a few scans , i also suggest periodic cleanings with ccleaner ! best of luck
in short . yes . they are plenty of malware sites out there , targeting android devices . i recommend avast or bitdefender .
short answer you did the right thing , and do not need to be afraid . that popup was most likely caused by some javascript on the visited web site to make you download/install something really bad . it does not mean you are infected . explanation there are a couple of things to consider . first , if the popup really said " you have a virus " , your reacting was fully correct ( and the popup bluntly lying ) : there are no viruses for android , at least not " in the wild " . i know , the term got mixed up , and when speaking about anti-virus people really mean " an app against all kind of malware " . but no serious av app would speak of " you have a virus " , as that is technically incorrect . mixing in your " fear " from the second paragraph here : exactly that is what matches a virus definition , and makes it different from all other kinds of malware : the ability to " multiply itself " . as you 100% sure have no " virus " on your device , no need to be afraid about that . for details on the above , please see e.g. wikipedia : the defining characteristic of viruses is that they are self-replicating computer programs which install themselves without the user 's consent . there you see why a virus is close to being impossible : on android , the user is always asked for his " consent " when something is installed . now for the last part : who should have caused that popup ? do you have any av app installed and active ? your question does not suggest such . so if you have no such app installed , who should have popped up that warning ? android does not do that . so the most likely candidate was a part of the site you have visited . that is rather so-called scareware trying to make you install something bad . believe me , you did the right thing – and would possibly have been in trouble if you had acted differently .
that nokia code is a myth , it does not provide you with any more power , it actually does more harm than good if you are low on battery because it activates the better voice codec ( which consumes more battery ) . however , on android you have this feature called battery saver . here 's my settings screen for this function on a lg phone ( accessed by going to settings > battery > battery saver ) battery saver screen ( click image for larger variant ) the exact name for this feature varies from manufacturer to manufacturer . on a samsung phone it is called power saving mode . on a motorola phone it is called battery saver . this function can be activated manually or automatically when your battery reaches critical state ( 15% or below ) . what it does is turn off some non-essentials features of your phone ( bluetooth , nfc , sync , vibration , etc . ) so the battery can last a bit longer until you can reach a charger . however , your best bet when your battery is low is to limit screen usage , since it is the most power-hungry component of the phone . also , if you can cool down your phone somehow , do so . also , i found extra batteries and/or external batteries to be a better solution for the battery problem , but not everyone can afford them , so this function is your second-best option .
there is an application which does it pretty well . check out at https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.argotronic.touchblocker
jelly bean upgrade ( 4.2 ) add support for group messaging . so , two solutions : upgrade your phone to jelly bean 4.2 . install a third party application that handles it : this one seems to have a fair number of good reviews .
grab mac address of wi-fi adapter of device . go to Settings ~> Wireless and Network ~> Wi-Fi Settings and tap/press options key . then , tap Advanced . here , you can get mac address . the method can vary based on firmware . look up this mac address at http://www.techzoom.net/tools/check-mac.en or http://www.coffer.com/mac_find/ . if device is not legitimate , you can detect here .
gadgets in thailand are way cheaper than anywhere else but , there is a small heads-up - more than likely , it will have a csc code for thailand , asia , so the updates on that would be somewhat , slower than the rest of the region zones . having said that , you can flash it with a different regional csc code . so go for it , when the first samsung galaxy tab 7" ( p1010t with wifi only ) came out , it was on sale there in thailand - a mate of mine was there , and got it for me - 200 euros - it was a steal , it would have been about 450euros to buy in the eu . and yes , it was genuine , the real thing ! : )
i have reason to believe that this may be a bug caused when the web app has a large number of bookmarks . in System Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync i turned off Sync Web under my google account . then i went to Manage Apps , clicked the all tab , and hit the Clear Data button . this reduced the usage of the web app to 1% when in the background . when i enabled Sync Web to import all my chrome bookmarks , then disabled it , the problem showed itself again . i reproduced this problem twice .
in response to @zuul 's comment below his answer , usage of the ln -sf /mnt/emmc /mnt/sdcard is not the appropriate way of dealing with it , because it is a soft-link and forcing it that way , can lead to some mis-behaviour of apps who are relying on the sdcard 's mount point , by way of refusing to work with it , play store can fail in this regard . the best solution is to use this : by using busybox , explicitly bind the mount point to make /mnt/emmc behave exactly like a sdcard , i.e. : /system/xbin/busybox mount -o bind /mnt/emmc /mnt/sdcard which will show up as a mount point in the proper way , if this was a soft-link it would end up like this - /mnt/sdcard -&gt; /mnt/emmc  google play store , as i mentioned has an internal checking mechanism to see if the directory is not a link ( it will return a error of -22 iirc ) .
this app reads files from the device internal storage located at /mnt/sdcard , not from the external storage or any other location . since the app was last updated on march 4 2011 , i do not think this will get fixed . however , if you have root on your device , you can create a soft link from one location to another thus tricking the app . the command is used like this : ln -sf {target-filename} {symbolic-filename}  so you should execute : ln -sf /mnt/emmc /mnt/sdcard  when the app accesses the /mnt/sdcard the system will give it the contents of /mnt/emmc .
yes you can share your mobile data connection ( 3g and 2g ) using making your phone hotspot . in settings--> more --> tethering and portable hotspot --> portable wi-fi hotspot you can set your ssid , security and password in set up wifi hotspot now in another android device you can connect to this wifi hotspot .
off course in wi-fi hotspot that is what you do . quite obvious as the other person is already having a sim then why would you want a new sim to make it complicated you are indirectly sharing your 2g/3g ( should be 3g compatible and the service should be available in your area ) /4g ( in some countries ) through the wi-fi hotspot . in wi-fi hotspot first your switch on your mobile data then your wi-fi after which under your wi-fi settings u may have an option for wi-fi hotspot . using this your device will search for the available wi-fi networks and will notify you for the available wi-fi nearby . when you enter some code ( for secure reasons you may not want to share wi-fi with all the people around you so the phone asks for a pass code ) the other person should also enter the same code for receiving the data . after which you and your other person can have data connection on both phones . **note-**not all the devices support wi-fi hotspot . please refer you handset manual if the option is available or not
i would reset the entire connection . delete it from your phone and then reconnect , reenter the password , an make sure it saves it . you could have the wrong password , it could just be something simple . if this does not help , make sure you have not turned your connections off , restart your phone . if that does not help , make sure your internet connection is up and going . call your service provider or unplug your router and make it reboot itself then check to see if your phone will pick it up again .
first check whether its just the wi-fi on your phone or the lan on your system . there are many possibilities with the wi-fi not working properly . either the key is not matched with the key you configured under your modem wi-fi password . signal might be weak . ( if signal&lt ; =10% then some devices wi-fi connection is disabled to save power ) in-appropriate configuration of your modem due to which although the connection might be established you might not be able to browse thereby showing no internet connection . for this reason wi-fi is termed to have very least preference because of heavy loss of data during the transmission or disturbance . solution:- if you signal is weak try to get more strength by getting near to you wi-fi or having an external hardware that could boost your signal strength . if the key is not matched then you need to enter the appropriate the password as set by you . if the connection is not configured then you need to check your manual and configure the wi-fi settings properly and click forget on your old wi-fi network to re-configure the network on your device .
try changing settings to static ip address . here is a video where you will find out how to do it in ics 4.0
yes , being rooted does not interfere with google play 's autoupdating , nor the update mechanism of other apps ( such as the amazon app store ) . just remember that , in most cases , rooting involves a factory-reset , so remember to back up your stuff first .
yeah they will auto update as long as you have enabled it under settings in play store . keep it in your mind though , rooting or installing custom rom will void warranty .
ln only takes 2 arguments at most ( not counting options ) , the . . /* wildcard however expands to all filenames in the folder . just do place an echo before ln to see what happens . do it one by one this way : cd /data/sdext2/app for i in * ; do ln -s /data/sdext2/app/"$i " /data/app/ ; done or for i in /data/sdext2/app/* ; do ln -s "$i " /data/app/$ ( basename "$i" ) ; done edit ok , this is how it works on my device : me@workstation:~$ adb shell shell@android:/ $ id uid=2000 ( shell ) gid=2000 ( shell ) groups=1003 ( graphics ) , 1004 ( input ) , 1007 ( log ) , [ . . . ] shell@android:/ $ su shell@android:/ # id uid=0 ( root ) gid=0 ( root ) groups=1003 ( graphics ) , 1004 ( input ) , 1007 ( log ) , [ . . . ] shell@android:/ # cd /data/ shell@android:/data # ln -s /data/sdext2/app/banana . app /data/app/cucumber . app shell@android:/data # ls -l /data/app/cucumber . app lrwxrwxrwx root root 2012-11-06 22:30 /data/app/cucumber . app -> /data/sdext2/app/banana . app
problem is with your phone and not router . your phones software keeps assigning new mac addresses every time you turn your wifi on . if you are using mac address filtering then it will need a static address .
you cant sync addons or settings between the pc and android due to differences in the platform . the only things which can be synced are bookmarks , passwords , history and even open tabs . firefox 11 's addon sync works only between the pc versions
no , you can not use a rom for a different device . the rom needs to be for the same device . in most cases , the flashing tool will detect that you are using the wrong rom and stop you , but in some cases , or if you disable the warning , it will simply brick the device .
just hit the volume buttons in the main screen and you should be able to move to silent mode .
you can search and download " samsung s5770 android 2.2.2 firmware " in google or forum . xda-developer . com in samsung s5770 section , you can get official rom and custom rom there , then flash it via odin ( if official ) or via custom recovery if custom rom
it looks like this is either specific to the hardware of the camera or even the software the manufacture using on the device . i have a samsung galaxy s ( vibrant ) and i can pause and resume video recording . my previous device , the htc dream ( adp1/g1 ) could also pause and resume ( from what i can remember ) .
i do not see anything in the settings . possibly you could hack the app and replace the font , or you could try another music player . lack of internationalization sucks .
it seems that the problem was the encoding that windows media player used . it uses the windows hebrew code-page ( 1255 ) . i used foobar2000 with the chacon plugin to change it to the mac hebrew code-page ( 10005 ) which seems to be supported by my phone .
i gave up and did a factory reset . since then , the phone has been working for 5 days in a row . . . so it seems like at least the reboots are gone ( i hope not to jinx it . . . ) . i have also noticed that since the reset , the battery lasts at least twice longer than before . i have fewer installed apps , which should lead to a slight battery life improvement , but this is not slight , it is the double . before the reset , at night ( no data connections , no wifi ) , the phone consumed about 1% of its battery per hour . now it is consuming less than 1% in the whole night . obviously there was something wrong before the factory reset . i hope everything is fine now . . . in case it is helpful for anybody else , this what the samsung customer service told me to do : start the phone in secure mode for a couple of days . that means that only preinstalled apps will work . so if that solves the problems , there is an app causing them . to enable secure mode , you have to reboot the phone , and press the options button ( the left one ) when the samsung logo appears ; it should vibrate , and then you will see " secure mode " at the left bottom corner . to disable secure mode , turn off the phone and extract the battery for a few seconds . --- for verizon gsiii phones : after you reboot the phone , press and hold the volume down button when the samsung logo appears . directions also state that you may need to hold the button for up to 45 seconds before you will see " safe mode " in lower left-hand corner . http://support.verizonwireless.com/support/devices/knowledge_base.html/59242/ perform a factory reset ( if the phone still has problems running in secure mode ) . to perform it , go to menu > settings > backup and reset > factory data reset . it will revert the phone to its original factory status , therefore , you will lose all the data and applications stored in your phone 's memory ( it will not affect the sim card , nor the microsd if you have one ) . be sure to backup everything you do not want to lose ! you can use samsung kies for that backup . if the phone still has problems after the factory reset , it should be checked by samsung technical service .
i found that the battery in my phone was a little smaller than the battery holder in the s3 . it seemed that my phone would reboot or just turn off with just the right shake . i put a small piece of duct tape in the holder at the opposite side of the battery contacts to make the holder have more of a press fit with the battery . problem solved for me !
this can be achieved using tasker ( paid app ) . in tasker , the profile can defined having the following conditions . it have little learning curve , but this app can replace almost many apps . below is the sample profile , when battery > x% and wifi is on and charging is enabled enable auto sync on this is just the sample one , you can specify the condition based on your requirement . since this is a seperate topic , i would encourage you to google tasker in xda forums .
it is none of the two . turning of the screen of an android device will not hibernate it ( thinking of a phone : what about incoming calls if the device would be hibernated ? ) . android handles things a little different . in the best case , with the screen switched off android enters a very energy-saving mode called " deep sleep " . it will cycle down the cpu to a minimum , may switch off wifi ( and other things ) completely , and other things . apps may enable those ressources when needed by aquiring corresponding " wake-locks " ( see : wakelock ) , which they ( hopefully ! ) do not do too often , and ( again hopefully ) release when no longer needed . not having " hibernated " the system completely allows the system to quickly react on events like e.g. incoming calls , alarms , or the user switching on the display again . it simply needs to speed-up the cpu , and enable those ressources it " put to sleep " , if needed . also keep in mind that android devices ( usually ) do not have mechanical components like " spinning hard-disks " , so if storage is not accessed , it does not " consume power " : )
xda developer capslock66 has developed a reverse tethering tool which is the simplest yet ( and hopefully in future too ) . only requirement is a rooted phone . you can download it from here- android reverse tethering via usb it comes as a zip file with all the adb files and dependencies . once you open the application , it will do all the settings on your phone automatically for usb data tunneling . and most importantly , the good thing is it now works with any app including google play/market too . google play earlier needed a wifi , but now , it works with a reverse tethered connection too .
well , i am currently using htc sensation . htc sense provides reverse - usb - tethering which is called usb pass through . but i know that this service requires htc sync application and its drivers on computer . maybe you can take a look at flashing htc sense roms to non - htc devices or getting htc sense applications to non - htc devices . there are bunch of documents in xda developers . http://www.xda-developers.com/
an android enthusiast called mathieu carbou seems to have achieved the reverse-usb tethering issue you had like to explore , but on his nexus one , 2.2 . here is a link for the same : reverse-usb-tethering . i will not guarantee any success , though you could try it and let us know the results . : )
i just downloaded off widget from google apps called simple calendar . once you install the widget on to your home screen then you go to the apps area and single tap on the simple calendar icon . takes you into the settings for the simple calendar widget and you will be amazed to see how many different ways you can customize the calendar . you go into one area where you can select how many days to see on your calendar . you can even mix items from several gmail accounts .
i lost s . planner agenda when upgrading to jellybean . can not find it anywhere at playstore . just download agenda widget for android . i spent a few hours during some downtime mucking around with it , because it was addictive just working with the settings . it is free at the store . can display up to 150 lines of future dates / events . " everybody all the time " is listed as the creator . they have a paid version too ; less than $2 aud . i still can not work out the paid version benefits . i just wish they also brought back google calendar sync , it synced my home computer outlook calendar with gmail calendar , my wife 's iphone calendar , and my galaxy s2 now running jellybean .
there are two ways known to me how this could be achieved : using a launcher which supports this there are several launchers available on google play which let you configure the grid size of your homescreen as well as of your app drawer . one of those is apex launcher , which i use myself . another example is go launcher ex , which i run on another device . i am pretty sure a load of other launchers does this as well . edit : holy whatever . if that is not enough , take a look at lighning launcher . grid size ? what grid ? who needs a grid ? icon size , font size , orientation -- feel free to design your own homescreen ! and now , for the size of the package . sitting ? 200 kb ( still looking for the hook ) , working with android 1.6 and up . truly amazing ! ah , and what comes below : multi-whatever is already included . widgets in folders ? no problem , either . . . well , that bunch of features must need permis . . . what ? only usb-storage ? can not believe . . . i just sent it to one of my devices to take a closer look : ) using " multi-widgets " there are some sort of " widget expanders " out there , which pick 4 ( or more ) widgets and combine them into one " compressed widget " . one example for this group is multicon widget . zoom and then there is zoom , from the dev of tasker ( with which it even integrates ) . according to its description , this also should be an option : unique on any computer : design your own homescreen widgets to do whatever you like ! position , size and overlay elements in the drag-and-drop editor . two views : full-zoom for easier editing , actual-size for previewing .
there is a faq from when ubuntu announced it was working on ubuntu based tablets . there , they state : the only way to get an ubuntu tablet is to buy a tablet built and supplied with ubuntu by an oem partner of canonical so i would say that ubuntu is not , and will not , be capable of running on any existing android tablet . full faq can be found at media faq for press pack : tablet .
you might try this rsync -rltDv --chmod=u=rwX,g=rX,o=rX
is your sd card formatted as fat32 ? if so , that is why - it is a fat32 limitation .
you cannot execute zip files . you can move/delete/rename a file in /system/ via adb but you must remount /system/ as writable .
actually you can do that by using the run_program syntax in updater-script to execute a shell script that moves/copies/pastes files while in recovery . but of course , you must extract the files that are to be pasted in somewhere ( /tmp for instance ) . part of the updater-script : package_extract_dir("stuff", "/tmp/stuff"); set_perm(0, 0, 0755, "/tmp/stuff/movefiles.sh"); run_program("/tmp/stuff/movefiles.sh");  the sample shell script can be like this ( named movefiles . sh in this case ) : but remember , the eol of updater-script and the shell script must be the same , in unix format , or else it will not work .
fast boot in android 2.3.5 on htc desire is found under menu settings power fast boot option is found in power
i believe the they did not make fastboot an option until gingerbread . it should be off by default so i would not worry about that step . you can check to see if it is on by turning your phone completely off and then turning it on to see how long it takes to boot up . if it only takes 10-15 second fastboot may be enabled . also , here is a painless way to root your htc desire that does not require changing fastboot : how to root htc desire ( froyo 2.2 ) without putting in a custom rom ( flashing ) ?
i am on android 2.3.3 with root , s-off and custom rom ( supernova ) and i can confirm now that the option to toggle between fast boot enabled and fast boot disabled is available . now , to properly answer my own original question , this is how you would disable it on htc desire . press menu button . tap settings . tap applications . remove the checkmark from the option " fast boot " to disable it . press home button . screenshot :
no , you cannot block that , unfortunately ! you can either switch to 2g ( which saves battery ) or continue with 3g . cannot have it both ways ! the telephony signal is deep within android itself and no way of messing with that ! not alone that , android picks up that radio signal strength from the heart of the silicon on chip ( s-o-c ) where the base-band radio firmware resides in and is off-limits and proprietary .
do you happen to be using a 3rd party charger ? 500mah chargers cannot charge the nexus while on , 1ah chargers can but might struggle . i recommend chargers with 1.5ah for charging high-end devices alternatively , the problem might lie with the power management of your rom . have you also installed an app recently before this happened ?
that sounds to me like a hardware issue . if you are still under warranty , i would get it repaired . if not , you will have to decide whether you want to live with it or pay for repair ( or replace the phone ) .
do you mean it is google authenticator ? if so , please refer it might be worked . please verify your time on smartphone is correct and do re-setup 2fa or re-generate asp again it might be worked . some user in japan has similar problem . google authenticator require having correct time between your phone and google account server . also each node such your smartphone has ntp client and use different ntp server depends on maker . ( i would like to put this as comment but i have no rights yet . )
it seems to react on your low , internal memory . and while 178 mb should be enough for a few small apps , there might be something that denies more installation due to already low amount of space . now , the first thing i would advise you to do is uninstall any app you do not really need . however , many apps come with the phone , so they can not be removed . for these , and any app you do not want to remove , you can clear the cache . to do that , hit settings -> application manager -> slide til you see a list called " all " . now all you have to do is hit each app you want to clear the cache off , and choose " clear data " and " clear cache " . beware that the " clear data " option will likely delete any saved password or settings the app uses , and thus you might need to redo those settings . it may also delete some information attached to the app , so use the " clear data " option at your own risk . tho for apps like facebook and twitter , the option should do no harm . you can also choose to move some apps to the sd card . while i have not tried that out myself , it should push some of the stuff from internal to " external " memory . you may also want to download clean master . it is an app somewhat similar to ccleaner , if you are familiar with that ( deletes cache and junk files ) . i use it myself , and it helps a bit . it is free and you can download it here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cleanmaster.mguardhl=eng
i had this same issue . to fix go to your number keypad enter "*#9900#" you would get some options . select " delete dumpstate/logcat " this frees up space occupied by uninstalled apps
try using the nokia pc suit to move all the contacts from the phone to the sim card . this works in samsung 's kies .
you will need the nokia pc suite tool but here is the easiest and fastest way . connect nokia to pc using the pc-suite go to contacts - press ctrl+a ( select all ) go to desktop/subfolder - press ctrl+v ( paste ) that will create a . vcf file for each contact from a command prompt run the following command in the folderon your desktop where the files are saved : copy *.vcf contacts.txt open http://google.com/contacts choose " import " link in google contacts .
if your old symbian phone have bluetooth you can go to address book application , select all contacts and send them through bluetooth to your new phone . this will send a vcard file for each contact to your new phone and then you can import this data to your android phone . i think the option to send a given contact via bluetooth to another phone is : select the contact and the details > options > send business card
if you save a backup of your contacts onto your symbian phone 's sd card , it appears as an nbf file . this is a zip file , which contains all your contacts in vcf format -- if you concatenate them all together , you can upload them to google contacts in one go . for more details about how i discovered this , i wrote a blog post at the time .
you can remove purchased apps by going to amazon 's website and viewing all of your apps . there is an option under Actions to Delete this app , which will remove it from your account . if you want it again , you will have to repurchase it . this feature has been available for quite a while now ( not sure when they added it ; obviously after you asked the question ) .
afaik , you cannot remove items you have " purchased " from this list . it keeps them on the amazon side , not on the device . i have wiped all data from my device , and once i reinstalled amazon app store , all of my purchased apps appeared in the list .
i would try clearing the data for the amazon appstore via Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All . you will have to log into it again and whatnot the next time you open it , but hopefully that will do the trick .
as of today i do not think this is possible . you can however find the list of items on the amazon website . log in to amazon , click the " your digital items " at the top right of the page , click " your apps and devices " . from there you can see all of your app purchases . maybe some day they will allow removing from the list .
uncheck the " notify once " option in your gmail account settings and you should get a notification for every new message . ( specifically : Menu -&gt; More -&gt; Settings -&gt; Notify Once ) edit : apparently older versions of gmail do not have this option , in which case you would actually need to try a third-party app such as gmail notifier .
hard to say what could cause this problem . maybe you are able to tell what happened before the sound started ? could be a hint to address the issue . i would recommend start with uninstalling any unecessary apps and going through every app that is/was ever generating notifications for you . check their internal settings ( if there are any ) and also check notification settings in app manager . if you are using developer mode i suppose you can also try to turn it off , just in case . if it is reacting on shake in a weird way i would also recommend to run all possible updates , alternatively reinstall apps or in the worst case : reinstall the system . can not tell more about what could cause the bug .
thought of using tasker ? i use it the other way . when ever i plugin my headphones , all volumes should come down irrespective of what ever value it was before . i use tasker to detect inserting the head phones and used an entry task to being down the volumes . i could not succeed sorting the volume levels before bringing it down so that i can restore them back in an exit task . hence i restore them to a predetermined levels in the exit task .
do not mix things here . from your posts it looks like you have entered your sims pin to often and need now to enter your puc/puk . this has nothing do to with your androids phone lock . in germany it is common practice to receive the puk together with the sim card . if you have no puk you can only ask your sim provider for the puk or a new sim . i am not aware of any other method to unblock a blocked sim .
you have misunderstood your operator . there is no such thing as jacket for the phone . either you misinterpreted the support guy , or he is just incompetent person . if you have locked your phone you have two options : official phone manufacturer representative can help you with resetting the phone to the factory state . if you do not want to mess with official support ( sometimes it is a waste of time ) , you can try to unlock your phone manually using just usb cable and commercial software tool ( davinci , for example - i have used they service couple of times ) . if this will fail you can always fall back to the option one . please note , however - trying to unlock your phone manually you can lose your warranty .
contacts : sync them with google conversations : your whatsapp messages are automatically backed up and saved on your phone 's memory daily . if you delete whatsapp from your phone and do not want to lose any of your messages , be sure to manually back up your chats before uninstalling : Go to WhatsApp &gt; Menu Button &gt; Settings &gt; Chat Settings Tap Backup Conversations  to export a copy of the history of an individual chat or group , you can use the email chat history feature : Tap and hold on the conversation or group. Select Email conversation Choose whether to Attach Media or not.  an email will be composed with your chat history attached as a . txt document . if you choose to attach media , the most recent media sent will be added as attachments .
is it possible to copy whatsapp conversations from 1 pc to another ? if so please let me know . . . as i bought a new laptop and would like to use whatsapp in new laptop . thanks in advance : )
one of the three incredibles we own had the same problem . it too was running miui . i found this thread on the miui forums . after changing the build . prop file as indicated in that thread the problem went away . edit to add the following information : http://androidforums.com/incredible-all-things-root/447517-stop-update-notification.html changed these lines to this : do not try to parse ro . build . description or . fingerprint ro . build . description=3.26.605.1 cl264707 release-keys ro . build . fingerprint=verizon_wwe/inc/inc/inc:2.3.4/grj22/222219:user/release-keys end build properties it is really just the " build fingerprint " that matters as you can see . if the miui is referencing an older version of android then the carrier will keep trying to download the latest android update . that is where the data download is coming from .
having two monitoring programs point to the same nondescript process is frustrating . just to verify , does miui 's built in traffic monitor ( "monitor " icon on your homescreen ) show the same thing onavo and my data manager ? in the likely event that it does , the most simple ( and time consuming ) answer is to systematically disable every single app until you identify the culprit . you would need to make sure to disable only one at a time then monitor traffic over a set period of time to look for a change . for most roms this means completely uninstalling apps to disable them , but miui 's monitor app also includes firewall settings that allow you to disable data to specific apps on the fly ( including system resources like android system and download manager ) . i suggest working through the entire list even if you find a result earlier on . you might also consider connecting to a wifi router and monitoring your phone 's traffic using the router 's firmware or other network software . if you can identify where all this traffic is going it might give you a clue as to which app is requesting it all .
this might be of some help . because i had a similar problem on my 3g . there must definitely be a feature called as " background data " somewhere in your accounts and sync settings . make sure it is disabled . what this does is gives access to your apps to contact their servers and download data in the background , without your permission . this reduced my 3g usage considerably . second thing you might want to try is , disable automatic update of all your apps in your phone . this is even worse and uses a lot of data . third and the most safest of all , turn your wifi or 3g off when you are not using it .
does the phone begin discharging at 40% ? does it indicate that it is still charging , but the charge never exceeds 40% ? i have had charging issues with my motorol droid v1 . what i have come to understand is that the power delivered by the car adapter is less than the power drawn by the phone when the gps is on . i would suspect that a couple of factors might be in play here : connectivity problems if the connection between the charging cable and the phone might be poor , perhaps due to poor connector seating or swelling due to heat . it could be that , after charging for a period of time the phone heats up and expands to the point that the connection is lost . the phone stops charging , cools , and the connection is made again . phone behavior at or above 40% charge do you have tasker or some other automation tool running that has rules about which features / services to run at a particular charge level ? if so , you could be seeing that the services cause the phone to draw power at the same rate that it is charged , preventing further charging . these are really just guesses . if you have one , i would try hooking up a 3rd party charger that is rated for the same power output . if the phone charges completely this way , even though it is not a moto branded charger , it is a pretty good bet that your htc chargers just are not cutting the mustard with your moto phone .
i doubt this . i have charged my bionic using the following : griffin technologies power jolt dual car charger - rated 1a motorola car charger for original motorola droid - rated 850 ma motorola wall charger for original motorola droid - rated 850 ma motorola wall charger for bionic - rated 850 ma in addition , i have used 3 different usb charging cables connected to my computer in 2 different ways - to a powered usb 2.0 hub as well as directly off the motherboard usb rear connector . usb gold plated ferro-core cable from monoprice connected to powered usb hub - rated 500 ma usb original motorola cable that came with the bionic connected to the powered hub - rated 500 ma usb gold plated ferro-core cable from monoprice connected to motherboard usb - rated 500 ma usb original motorola cable that came with the bionic connected motherboard usb - rated 500 ma all have charged the phone perfectly fine . in addition , i have also charged the spare battery in the battery charger using the griffin in the truck and both motorola wall units at home to a full charge . so far , i have had no issues with charging . now , any charging performed through the computer usb and / or powered usb hub takes much longer than car / wall charging , but that ; s to be expected , with a 35% increase in amperage in those versus regular usb . i also have the power saving elements of the ui completely disabled , and i live in an area with only 3g access , but i have not disabled 4g on its own .
in android , every package is cryptographically signed by its author . to be an upgrade , the new package has to be signed with the same key as the old package . since packages can read previous versions ' data files , this is an important security precaution . the error you get tells you that the update you are trying to install was not signed using the same key as the package you had flashed to the rom . either the original package you flashed , or the new package , was signed by a different developer . you should either obtain an update from the same source you originally got the gapps package from , or flash a new rom with a gapps package from the same source you are trying to update from . we may be able to help further with this if you edit your question to say where you got these packages from .
the new updates to google+ has features called auto enhance auto awesome . it is a feature that automatically enhances the photos you have uploaded . just make sure instant upload is on and the auto enhance settings are on in the app settings> camera and photos . here are the things that it does . https://support.google.com/plus/answer/3113884?hl=en
it has to do with the site having an icon for " apple-touch " defined in the page . for example o globe has the following : &lt;link rel="apple-touch-icon" href="favicon.png" /&gt;  and it works . there are differences in how other versions of android handle this . here is an article explaining some how this works a bit . there could also be a " catch 22" to this though , as i see that the mobile twitter site does have the apple-touch-icon-precomposed but does not seem to show the icon . this could be because of something motorola did differently in their modified version of android , or it could just be a bug . if the site does not define the icon , then you can use a tool like any cut to change the icon .
you should try a factory reset before trying to reflash the phone . afaik you need to unlock the bootloader ( voiding your warranty ) to flash a rom , even on the nexus s . instructions : turn the power off . if your nexus s is frozen , pull the battery out and reinsert it hold the volume down button press and release the power button you are now presented with a menu that allows for fastbook , recovery , clear storage , and simlock select clear storage by pressing the volume down button press and release the power button now simply confirm your decision : volume up for yes and volume down for no
my friend had a similar problem , he went into the verizon store and they just flat out gave him a new card , it took like 5 minutes . we were actually out of there so quickly he forgot to thank the lady behind the desk . his card was completely corrupted and he lost all of his files and such . your card seems to be partially corrupted or not corrupted at all . what i would do is copy all of the files from the sd card onto a backup drive and then flash a new sd card with your old sd card files . if the card still does not work : at this point it almost has to be the files on the actual sd card . i would a couple files onto the sd card at a time until you find the corrupted file ( s ) . then you should delete the corrupted files , there is not much you can do to restore them . if you have a mac , i am a fan of DiskUtil , it works really well even for fixing sd cards . i am sure there is a similiar tool for windows or ubuntu . hope this helped !
if i were you i would whip that thing out of your phone , pop it in an sd card reader connected to a laptop/desktop , backup the card , then erase and format it fully using the sd card formatting tool ( v4 ) from the sd association and then test it thoroughly with h2testw 1.4 assuming you have a computer with windows . there is an article which talks a bit about testing sd cards here . i think there is another tool called f3 that can do something similar on a mac if you have got one of those . if you run into any errors along the way then you have probably got a dodgy card . if not then maybe you have got a compatibility problem with that card and your phone and i would go with a slower card , and possibly a smaller one . best of luck !
i am going to say no . from the article you linked , egnos is primarily designed for airborne use and has limited ground applications . egnos looks to be designed more for commercial applications ( e . g . embedded navigation systems in vehicles , airline , etc . ) , not so much consumer devices nexus one 's gps is provided from the qualcom qsd8250 " snapdragon " chip ( specs ) . the specs for that chip do not mention any waas capabilities . furthermore , there are not any qualcom chips listed on the egnos registered devices list . if i am wrong about the chip , then it should just be a matter of software to enable it . i have not seen anything like that in the android source , but that does not mean it is not hiding there or in some third party bolt-on . what the nexus does use to improve both response time and accurace is a-gps ( assisted gps ) . this basically just means it us using the presence of other location clues ( cellular towers , wifi networks , etc ) to help triangulate a better/faster position . you can see this in action with the google maps application . if you have gps enabled and wifi disabled and open the maps application , it will prompt you to turn on wifi , even if you are not connected to a network . it uses a location database of wifi hotspots to help get a fix on your position , similar to skyhook
there is actually an egnos test application available from the commission . it can be found at : http://www.gsa.europa.eu/go/news/egnos-gets-an-invite-to-your-smartphone . it is not available through the market , but it does work on the htc desire ( so likely on nexus as well )
are you talking about the backside speakers ? suddenly mine was not working too ( the front one still did though ) and i just rebooted my phone :p and it worked again . maybe you should try that . : )
i had a similar issue with my wife 's galaxy nexus . no sound through the built-in speaker in regular call mode . the other party could hear her , so the microphone was ok . the speaker worked in loudspeaker mode , but not regular . headphones also worked properly . what fixed it was removing the battery and leaving it off for 5 minutes before re-installing and rebooting . i would tried numerous reboots previously and they did not help , nor did a quick battery removal and replacement .
if that does not work , i have written an app to help with these issues . it is called soundabout .
i just saw this googling around , maybe it could be of help to you : okay , i had the exact same problem . my speaker suddenly stopped working even though the ear phone plugin was still working good . i also found that sometime the sound came back but it is very weak , barely audible . and then it would disappear again . what i did to fix the problem is to open up the n1 , disassemble instruction is on youtube . open the the 3 screws to remove the board with the attached speaker from the main board . clean up the speaker attachment surface really good . then reassemble the backboard and its speaker together . then the sound came back loud and strong . my guess is that the contact of the speaker could get dirty and limit the electric supply to the speaker hence it did not work properly . by cleaning the surface i helped to get the current going again and the sound came back . hope that this could help someone since this problem had driven me insane for a while . i found this on the following website : http://www.nexusoneforum.net/forum/nexus-s-general-discussion/12468-external-speaker-not-working.html . cheers , and i hope this helps .
do these : download flashtool ( i did from 4shared ) . turn on usb debugging turn on unknown sources install flashtool in C: drive . extract doomlord 's zergrush tool in C: . download both the kernels and first paste first one , which is 4.1 . a . 0.562 in firmware folder of flashtool . switch off phone . start flashtool , select flash icon , select flashmode . when window gets open , double click on the kernel name . when prompt window open , connect your phone pressing volume down key . make sure that your adb drivers are installed , then flashing will happen . disconnect phone when completed and restart it . after 15 second ( even sony logo will not be shown , only backlight ) , connect phone to system . wait for the adb drivers to be installed . go to where you extracted your doomlord 's tool and double click runme.bat file . wait for around five minutes until it says done . disconnect phone and remove battery . replace the kernel in flashtool firmware folder with 4.1 . b . 0.587 . open flashtool and click flash icon . doubleclick kernel file then connect phone in flashmode . disconnect phone when flashing completed . disconnect phone and restart it . your ray is rooted now . then install clockworkmod by using cwm installer.exe from the same system . enjoy romz . . .
i have not looked at removing geotags yet other than desktop apps already mentioned above , for which i use the geotag security . however , for preventing geotagging in the first place , this is easy seeing as you are rooted . i recently wanted to do this , wrote to samsung support and they told me the ability to do so in the camera app was removed with the last update . whatever . to stop it yourself , install lbe privacy guard . you will then need to go into App Management &gt; System Components and remove camera from the list of trusted system components . it will warn you . . . it is okay . once you have removed it as trusted , go back to the main screen then to Location Access Manager and deny the camera app the right to get your location . this will stop it from geotagging while still leaving your gps on and available for other apps such as maps . i have verified this with my own pictures i have taken . this solution also allows you to hide your location from other apps you may not want to have it ( such as twitter or facebook ) . the same app can also be used to restrict apps ' access to your data connection , your contacts and a myriad of other options . basically it allows you full control over which system permissions any app may use .
i found a camera mod here that allows disable of geotagging and does it by default . it looks like i either need adb or root to install it . edit : the camera mod does not work , as far as disabling geotagging . updated answer : the amazon app store has camera advance lite ( and a non-lite for that matter ) that has the option to turn off geotagging , which is disabled by default . this app geo eraser looks like it will remove prior geotagging info . it appears that using a gingerbread based os will fix the problem as well , based on my conversations with gingerbread users .
maybe i am missing something here , but photos i take when my froyo device 's gps is shut off are not geotagged . furthermore , my default camera app has a " store location " option . when exercising either of these options , my phone does not display the " tracking your location " icon in the notification area while taking photos . it seems like the above options are a trivial solution to part 1 of your question . is your phone missing these options ? do they not do what i think they do ? i am running a motorola droid on stock android 2.2.2 ( frg83g . )
imagemagick has a " strip " command line argument which will remove all exif data ( try it with the convert command . ) . it might be a little excessive , but imagemagick is very very very scriptable . however it will recompress the image . see the answer to this question on stackoverflow . short version : jpegtran or exiftool .
as a solution to #2 , geotag security is a program you could use . it ( should ) run in xp , so you would have to copy your pictures to your computer first , or hook your sd up via usb , but it should do the trick ! here 's the site where i found it , the above is a direct link to their site .
you should be able to get unlocked version , but most likely only from online stores just like handtec ( if admin feel this can be advertising please remove link )
firstly and most important , the credits : i made this following this great tutorial at xda-developers by user metalgearhathaway: http://forum.xda-developers.com/galaxy-s2/development-derivatives/mod-partition-internal-memory-app-t2538947 i used PIT files ( i will explain what they are , do not worry ) made from user ElGamal from xda also , located at the same thread as above , at page 51 , comment number 509 ( i can not post the link because i need more reputation , will edit it later to add it ) . and a little bit of help from user CrackDaddy , also from xda . second , what you will need : a machine running windows . i used windows 7 ultimate 64-bits ; odin 3.07 . careful when installing , it is full of optional adwares . there is also a linux and mac version available called jodin3 , but i did not try it ; flashable clockworkmod 6 for galaxy s ii ( it is a .tar file with a file named zImage inside ) ; PIT file with desired partition table configuration ; samsung drivers for galaxy s2 . usually you can install samsung kies but there is also a installer just with drivers available ; your original stock unrooted samsung jellybean firmware . you can find it at sammobile dot com ( reputation problem again ; d ) ; any rom of your choice . i highly recommend the last nightly build of cyanogenmod 11 ; optionally : gapps 20140606 . i made most of those available in the following bundle file : https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/18425469/bundle-resize-system.zip what is missing is gapps , cyanogenmod , and a stock samsung jellybean rom ( as it depends of country and carrier , and might not be legal to provide it here ) . third , the default warning : i am not responsible for anything that might go wrong with your device , neither any of the mentioned users nor anyone here at stack overflow or xda-developers . this procedure will root your phone if it is not already and also void your warranty if it is not already . if anything goes wrong , do not panic , it is most likely fixable by reflashing the stock rom and starting over again . finally , how to : this will only work with the 16gb international version ( gt-i9100 ) of samsung galaxy s ii firstly , copy cyanogenmod 11 .zip file ( or your desired rom ) and optionally gapps .zip file to your external sd card ; make a backup of everything inside your internal storage , copy it to your computer or somewhere else . it will be completelly erased . do not worry about your external sd card , it will not be touched . make a nand backup of your current rom , you will be able to restore it after the repartition . to do it , you must have clockworkmod recovery installed , then boot your phone into recovery mode ( Volume UP + Home + Power ) , select backups and restore , then backup to /storage/sdcard1 ; when backup finishes , reboot your phone into download mode ( Volume DOWN + Home + Power ) and connect your phone to the computer . let windows install the drivers . if it fails , try to install samsung kies or just the drivers provided in the bundle i made available , and try again . open odin3 as administrator and connect the phone . it should detect your phone and show it under the label ID:COM , and also in the Message . if it did not , try to restart your computer , phone , reinstall drivers , check your usb cable , etc . , and try again . now you will need to choose a PIT file . PIT means Partition Information Table and it is a samsung-only thing . in the bundle file , i made available ElGamal 's PIT file ( I91001GB_6GB.pit ) which also resizes /system partition to 1gb , /data to 6gb and the rest goes to internal storage . if you wish different sizes , check the thread at xda-developers as he made many different versions available . i also included a pit file for the default configuration ( I9100_2GB-STOCK.pit ) if you wish to go back to as it was later . when you have chosen your PIT file , go to odin and tick the following checkboxes : Re-Partition , Auto Reboot and F. Reset Time . in the Re-Partition section , click on the PIT button and select your chosen PIT file . in the Files (Download) section , click on the AP button and select samsung 's stock jellybean rom . double check everything and click Start . this can take a while , go grab a coffee . after everything finishes , your phone will reboot into the stock samsung jellybean rom . two things can happen now , or it will work normally and if so you can use it and check if everything is as you want . or it can ask you for a password to access the " encrypted volume " , which is nothing but your internal storage that is not formatted . in both ways , unplug your phone ( it it is still plugged ) and reboot it into download mode again . it is interesting to close and reopen odin3 to reset the settings . plug your phone again and wait until odin3 detects it . this time , leave checked just Auto Reboot and F. Reset Time and make sure Re-Partition is not checked . click on AP button and select the clockworkmod recovery .tar file , then click Start . this one is faster , but if you feel sleepy , go for another coffee ; ) when it finishes , you should have clockworkmod recovery 6 installed in your phone , so go ahead and reboot into recovery mode . go to mounts and storage , select format /storage/sdcard0 and format it as exfat ( if for some reason you have write problems in your internal storage later , come back here and select another format until it works , but exfat should do the trick ) . when it finishes , still in recovery mode , Wipe data/factory reset , Wipe cache and Wipe Dalvik cache . let 's be sure nothing remains from the previous roms . now , install zip -> choose zip from /storage/sdcard1 and select the cyanogenmod 11 .zip file ( or of your desired rom ) and flash it . optionally also flash gapps afterwards . reboot your phone and check if everything is right . if everything is right , reboot your phone into recovery mode again , do a new wipe data/factory reset , wipe cache and wipe Dalvik cache , and then recover your backed up rom from the beginning . reboot your phone . check again if everything works right . a few apps might need to be reinstalled ( spotify and waze are examples ) to work correctly again , but that is be only major issue . hope everything goes well .
it sounds like the sd card in your phone has some filesystem corruption . this can make the media scanner hang , can interfere with the camera , and can cause lost files . to check , and to fix it , try putting the sd card in a card reader attached to your pc , and using the disk check functionality there ( e . g . fsck on linux ) .
google goggle app can help to upload a image google search by image app open google image in your default or chrome browser 1st method type filetype:gif [ your query ] or inurl:gif [ your query ] then tap search result will be in . gif format 2nd method open google image in your default or chrome browser then tap more > type > choose animated
i do not think there is any way to stop the google plus from auto uploading video if you have instant upload turn on . the work around i can think off is to use a file manager like " astro " to move all your video file from /dcim/camera folder to a different folder in your sdcard . i believe google plus will ignore the folder outside of /dcim/ edit : re-read your post , looks like you were uploading video from your pc to your phone which you probably just placing those under some folder in sdcard . you can try this app studiokuma . nomedia manager and set the folder that contains video with . nomedia and perhaps the entire folder will be ignore by google+
you need to mention a specific place in your city or even better , your current location . i am sure there are more than a single bank with the same name in your city so it is better if you specify the branch too ( typing your bank name should show the locations ) . anyways i opened google maps on my pc and searched the term " bank " and there was no bank of the name you searched . see this link for my exact search and the complete list .
private means you can not back it up . the developer decided that . some apps ignore it fileexpert &lt ; - my favourite estrongs file explorer not a file manager , but also titanium backup
there is no built-in functionality to set the password via the command-line , neither from a shell on the device nor from adb . you can not even achieve this by pasting the stored password into the secure settings file from another device . the password is not stored as plain text , but rather a cryptographic hash of the password is stored . this hash is generated using the password and a salt value : a random number generated once on the device . hashing the password prevents someone from stealing your phone and finding the password . this is important not just to protect the password itself ( in case you use the same password for other things ) , but also because the password is used to encrypt the device 's key store , and as part of the full-device encryption feature . salting the password with a device-specific salt ensures an attacker can not use a rainbow table to determine the password . ( a rainbow table is a list of every possible hashed password , which one queries to find the original password given the hashed password . the technique allows naïve password implementations such as windows 95 's to be broken in less than a second using a normal desktop computer . ) in addition , the code that updates the stored password when you change it through the gui has other side-effects . as i have mentioned , the password is used to encrypt the device 's key store , which can be used by all apps on the device to store credentials securely . changing the saved password without updating the key store would result in the stored credentials being lost . in addition , if full-device encryption is used , changing the saved password without updating the device encryption key would result in all storage becoming inaccessible . to achieve the functionality you want , the easiest way would be to patch a custom rom to export the functionality that the settings app uses to change the password , and add a command-line program that can change the password in the same way . it might even be possible to hack up an app that can do this using reflection to get access to the un-exported functions , but the app would still need root , and it would be specific to the rom ( and maybe even the version of the rom ) on the device . the relevant code is here if you are interested .
turns out unlock via face recognition will be built-in in android 4.0 ice cream sandwich .
it is possible to develop one , but we do not have pixel-per-pixel touch screens ( like the one that the second generation microsoft surface uses ) on our android phones , so it will not be accurate , nor even trustable . what may be out on the market are lock screens that imitate those systems , but they are just for visual effects . the only example that is valid is the face-recognition , the iris-recognition i do not know , but i think this needs a lot more improved technology . you can check out biolock to bring biometric security ( iris scanner , facial recognition ) to android for more information .
some phones have hardware built in for such things . for example , my motorola atrix has a fingerprint scanner to unlock it , http://www.authentec.com/a/atrixfaqs.aspx . also , like you pointed out , ice cream sandwich is going to have facial recognition for locking/unlocking .
in ics and jb , you should find this option in Settings \u2192 Security in a section called " device administration "
ics has the settings re-located and can be found under : Settings \u2192 Security \u2192 Unknown Sources  the screen-shot present on your question is referring to gingerbread and does not apply to ics .
i had a similar problem on cyanogenmod and it turned out to be broken permissions . i tried the following which worked in the shell only for whatever reason . you need to be rooted and have adb installed . the following commands mount the system partition for reading and writing , copy stock bootanimation zip ( change location , or skip ) , copy custom bootanimation zip to data/local , and ( re ) applies correct permissions to media folder and zip files , and finally reboot ( if you want ) . if you want to restore to stock , simply delete the data/local version . if you want a new one , replace it while keeping the system/media version intact . you can also create your own bootanimation using this guide from xda .
swipe to an empty lock screen , press the "+" button and add messaging . that should do it . if it still does not work try this .
wi-fi will not work if airplane mode is on . this is because airplane mode disables all wireless communications , for use on a plane . on stock rom 's , airplane mode also disables the fm radio . solution : turn airplane mode off .
many phones will show wi-fi as connected , but will not work unless airplane mode is turned off .
as you state you do not even need " that app " , here are two approaches to keep it from eating your battery : disabling the app go to settings → apps , select the " all " tab scroll to the app in question ( in the current example , google+ ) tapp its entry to open the details tapp the " force close " button to end all its processes optionally , tapp the " clear cache " and " delete data " buttons to free some space on the device if you see a button labeled " uninstall updates " 1 , tapp it . the button will then rename itself to . . . tapp the " disable " 1 button 2 the app should no longer start itself now , and thus not eat any battery anymore . if you need it back at a later point in time , it is still listed in settings→apps ( though it might have been moved to the very end of the list ) . opening its entry should show a button labeled " enable " now , which speaks for itself . keep the app from running when you do not need it on the playstore , you will find an app named greenify . this can be used to automatically " hibernate " an app when its not running in foreground . though greenify is delivering its full potential benefits only with " root powers " , it can do many things already without . if its free version cannot deal with the app in question ( google+ here ) , you might need the donation package ( for ~usd 3 ) , which has additional ways to force apps into " hibernation " . greenify : start screen , app analyzer ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) 1 if you have none of the two buttons , but an " uninstall " button , it is no system app : simply uninstall it . 2 note that not all system apps permit this ( button is grayed out then ) .
25% battery in 6h for a smartphone is good . a smartphone battery typically last less than 24 hours . if you want to maximize your battery autonomy disable automatic sync disable wifi , gps , bluetooth use minimum brightness for the screen . the screen is the bigger battery killer .
in google+ app , go to Settings -> [ your account name ] -> Location Sharing and disable it . in my personal experience , this is by far the worst offender in terms of battery drain . if you have automatic photo backup enabled , you may want to restrict this feature to only when the phone is on the charger by going to Settings -&gt; Auto Backup and enabling the While charging only option .
here is the useragent from chrome beta on my transformer prime mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 4.0.3 ; en-us ; transformer prime tf201 build/iml74k ) applewebkit/535.7 ( khtml , like gecko ) crmo/16.0.912.75 safari/535.7
mine is : mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 4.0.2 ; en-us ; galaxy nexus build/icl53f ) applewebkit/535.7 ( khtml , like gecko ) crmo/16.0.912.75 mobile safari/535.7
as far as i know , they are simply picked by google 's staff . i would assume they look for the general indicators of a quality app ( good ratings , lots of active installs , etc ) but popular or otherwise well-known developers probably have a leg up regardless . google has never really come out and said " follow these guidelines " , possibly to reduce people trying to game the system , similar to how they do not release their full page rank algorithm . however , i can definitely say that it is not possible to purchase your way into the featured list . google 's android market developer help page notes specifically : featured and editor 's choice apps are chosen by the android market editorial team . there is no paid promotional spots or advertisements on android market . technically speaking , the only restriction i have seen is that your app must have a properly sized " featured " image to be used on the " featured apps " area . aside from that , google has been very mum about the process .
no , it is not possible to block all such sites . that would either require a 100% effective blacklist , which would be impossible to maintain , or a 100% effective detection mechanism , which would basically be an artificial intelligence capable of making human-like judgements . you can get all kinds of parental controls and blockers on the play store , but there will not be anything 100% effective . they may block the most common sites by domain , or block based on keywords ( which will block a lot of legitimate sites as well ) , but none will block ass . what might be more effective would be a whitelist , depending on how the phone is used . a firewall whitelist would limit the phone to only being able to access a predefined list of sites ( eg , youtube , facebook , etc . )
using only your android : kaspersky 's parental control software does exactly as the title says . mind you , it is still in beta , but i did install it and tried it out , and it seems to do it is job of blocking websites as well as applications . by the way , kaspersky 's not the only app out on the store that you can use , but i chose it due to its reputation . it is after all an application that is going to monitor the network traffic and if it is just any other app , it could steal your credit card numbers maybe . who knows . ps : as far as i know , this application cannot be hidden , unless of course you installed a launcher like smart launcher . even then , there is an option for you to show the hidden applications , so it is not going to do much good . if the phone/tablet is accessing the internet through the wifi alone : in this case , you can setup your router settings so that it blocks certain sites etc . it will not be too hard to find the settings ; just enter this url in your browser - 192.168.1.1 - and you should get an interface to login to the router . for more info , i suggest you did a search on google on how to block sites through your router . advanced option i am not very sure about this method but it should work . get a server setup to act as a proxy . setup a program on the machine so that it'll be able to monitor and restrict access to a selected number of websites . route the phone through the proxy server . . . and it should do the job . ps : i welcome comments from anyone who knows if this method is really workable .
if your phone is rooted you could use ad-away to add your custom list of forbidden hosts . it writes the hosts file to put lines like this : website_to_block 127.0.0.1  so a request in your browser to the " website_to_block " will be displayed as " this website is not avalaible "
do a general reset all will be well . if you still have trouble , do a factory reset by holding the volume down and power buttons as you turn phone on .
the radio is closed source and provided by the manufacturer .
this post from xda-developers will help you if her phone is rooted .
yes . its because they are google branded devices . google only develops android os for devices which is under google brand . i.e. compatible with those google devices hardware . other phone manufacture will create similar os versions for their devices with different user interfaces and with more/less add-ons and functionalities . or they just port pure android open source code to their device ( pure google experience ) . and also there are so many custom os available . and you can flash it in your device ( in your own risk ) .
yes and no . there are nexus/google devices that are nevertheless branded by the carrier and therefore receive a different rom then the stock rom . this usually takes longer then the stock rom . but yes , besides of that , the google manufactured branded devices are the only ones who receive the updates directly from google . all other devices get their updates from the manufacturer and/or the carrier . oh , and the nexus one will not receive android 4.2 ( officially ) . plus , no one gurantees you that your non-google device will get the latest android version . that is a big advantage when buying a nexus device : it will be up to date for a while .
if i understand correctly , you want all devices under one account . all tablets and devices must be under one google account . so whatever e-mail you use personally on your mobile , use that same e-mail/google account for your kids ' device . example : if your e-mail , let 's say , for example is dad123@gmail.com, all devices must be connected to that google e-mail account . so use the e-mail you use google with , for your kids too .
i noticed all the rooted mz601 roms , have poor otg support in the kernal , or next to none , i had the same issues with eternal usb dac , not been recognized since the 4.0.4 stock rom , after spending weeks , blowing images , roms , went back to the stock rom 4.0.4 , seems otg support is not on their high list to things to do , only external usb hard discs . the usb dac is only 4 months old , so its not some special kernel patch , as the 4.0.4 is over 2-3 yrs old and worked , try going back tot the stock rom .
it looks like the easiest way to fix this is to add albumartist tags to each album .
so , to avoid a hanging question : using the new rom for almost two months . tried the original stock baseband i5500bvjjp7 but it felt overall worse , so i went back to i5500luyjpe . now any issue is rare . . . it is weeks since i last noticed a random restart , my phone reports over 160h uptime ( not 100% reliable , i have seen it not restart after a crash ) , and wifi is most of the time fast to get in ip . in the end , as things improved with a new rom , i suppose the issues are due to small quirks of the rom itself . should improve over time .
try to install greenify . it helps you identify and put the misbehaving apps into hibernation when you are not using them , to stop them from lagging your device and leeching the battery
make sure there are not any nandroid backups still on your device . those might take some space . you can also try moving apps to another storage location if that is available .
the only answer is a factory reset and even that does not work as it is supposed to . shows formatting but nothing is removed when you boot up again . i imagine the problem comes from google servers restoring everything . i do not know how to get around that .
first to the recovery : samsung phones that use odin have their recovery image as part of the kernel . you should flash the cyanogenmod zip file , and that should flash the cwm recovery . alternatively , you could flash the siyah kernel , which comes with a modified cwm touch recovery image . now to the ext partition : make sure that the ext partition is primary , and also ensure that your rom has ext support - you should ask on your rom 's forum post/website to check if it does . if it does , then it could be an issue with the mount script , if it does not well we know what the issue is now ; )
finally found the solution . you have to fix the card first ( which also means you can get back any data on the card ) . on a windows box i ran chkdsk . start -> cmd -> chkdsk e : /f then set the partition up as fat32 , a 32gb partition . i did this on an ubuntu box , for no other reason than that is my normal os . after popping the card back in the phone it was picked up and is being reported as 59.43gb i tried a few things before i found the solution : http://exceptionallyexceptionalexceptions.blogspot.co.uk/2012/12/s3-mod.html
not sure if this really qualifies as an answer , but since i do not have enough points to comment and i do want to contribute what i have discovered about this problem , it'll have to do . . . i have had a very similar sounding problem for the last 2 weeks or so with no obvious trigger in terms of app or firmware updates . my location history has gone crazy with some days getting reported travel distances of 10 - 20 thousand miles in spite of me just going to work and back ( 60 miles each way ) . what is happening is that while i am at work , or travelling ( or anywhere away from home ) , location points are being recorded for where i actually am , then for a point very close to my home location , then back where i am again , then back at home , etc . the system seems to be seeing me travelling home and back roughly once per minute , and all those journeys quickly add up ! so far i have tried switching off wifi/cell location services , but that gives you basically no location history and google now is largely disabled , so that is no help . turning wifi/cell location services back on and then turning wifi off when away from home does help - it gets rid of the ' home and back ' in one minute journeys , but the location history is less accurate when away from home . i am using an app called ' llama ' to do this automatically at the moment . my conclusion from this is that for some reason wifi location reporting is giving a bogus result of ' near home ' constantly throughout the day . the only sensible reason i can think of for this would be if i was carrying around another device acting as a wifi access point and that google location services had learned to location of that wifi point as being at my home . however , i am not actually carrying around such a device . next steps i am considering trying : wipe the data associated with the maps app on the device wipe the data associated with the wifi app on the device do a factory reset on the device and restore as suggested by gathrawn below , the most likely cause of this problem is having a second android device set to report location in addition to your primary device . you take your phone with you , but your tablet sits at home . both report their location once per minute , or thereabouts , and your location history goes crazy . the solution in my case was simply to turn off location reporting in the google maps settings on the secondary device . i also have a nexus 4 , on t-mobile uk
i had the same issue . i have a second device at home which was intermittently causing my location to jump back to home multiple times a day . disabling reporting on the device seems to have fixed the issue .
due to a disclosure agreement , corning ( who make about 90% of screens ) will not answer any questions on what devices use their technology . however , samsung have said : " gt-n7100 does not have gorilla glass 2 . thank you for your interest . " that does not say who makes it or what type of material it is i am afraid . however , from friends and others i would say get a screen protector , it is more scratch prone than say the s4 ( g glass 3 ) but not more than the average device . just remember the screen is big and that gives it more leverage if it is in a tight pocket / bag and is likely to have more force on it in these situations . i will keep looking and update if i find out !
unfortunately i could not find my google maps editor either . i can not read google 's future and could not find any indication of such a feature but google 's my tracks does allow you to upload a map to your maps but i am pretty sure you will actually have to run/walk/bike/move-in-some-way over the course you want to map . i also did a google search for " my maps editor apk " and looks like you can still find the apk somewhere ( i will leave that to the you ) but i can not say if it will work or not and you should always be careful downloading apps from unofficial sources .
to my best knowledge , i have not seen such option in htc one that you can use . now , if you are asking if technically that would be possible , i really doubt it to achieve 180 fps . though some serious ( ? ) hacks can increase the fps , but i believe there is a physical ccd sensor limitation in place . otherwise , dslr camera owners would have been able to turn their full hd cameras into low-res high speed camcorders .
a lot of devices are limited by the camera sensor used , even if the device is powerful enough , you may not be able to record at 180fps because the camera module cannot process data fast enough . the htc one ( m7 ) camera is limited to 96fps at best . the best on a mobile camera is at 120fps right now .
i thought the regular web interface was too heavy , so i created googlevoicecallingpagelite ( gvcpl ) : " a lightweight html page for making and receiving google voice calls " . you can find it at https://sourceforge.net/projects/googlevoicecallingpagelite/ . i created it to use on my computer , not a phone/tablet , but if you want you can use it on your phone/tablet too , just by going to http://www.elvey.com/gvcpl.html . it is the exact same code as on sourceforge , where you can see a screenshot too . as noted there : to use : log in , then open this page . it only works if you are already logged in , otherwise , it does not work - and does not ( yet ) give a useful error message .
there is an app i used to use specifically for this . it is called voice+ . you dial a number , it asks you which of your google voice connected numbers to call . however , this app catches the intent from when you dial a phone number . the nexus 7 does not have the phone app installed . you could try installing another dialer app like go contacts ex and see if dialing a number from their interface brings up voice+ .
ios and android are two different systems . the only way to run android apps on ios would be with an emulator . there exists a project called iphodroid . it has a google code project page and an official homepage . the last update from the homepage is from may 2011 and given the rapid development regarding android and ios i doubt that this is still functional . you can try it , but at your own risk ! i have never tested it .
i have a similar problem with my s3 mini . two or three times a week the gsm/edge/3g signal strength indicator is at zero and i cannot make or recieve calls , despite being in a good signal area . a simple power down and power up restores the connection , reports good ssi and the backlog of sms and voicemail calls start coming .
i experienced a similar problem , and it was caused by physical activity making the sim card coming slightly loose , just enough so that the phone could not read it reliably . try turning the phone off completely , removing the sim card , reinserting the sim card , and then restarting the phone . if that makes the problem go away ( at least for a few days ) , then it probably is the sim card coming loose : maybe that specific phone is on the largest extreme of manufacturing tolerance , and the sim card is at the smallest extreme . in this case , a little paper inserted alongside the sim card , on the side without the contacts , could provide a more lasting fix .
currently my phone does not connect to wifi connection , it always on and off everytime i open my wifi connection . solution for the i5801: go to settings → wireless and network → wifi use the menu button to open the advanced option click on use static ip you will see ip address , gateway , netmask , dns1 , dns2 . fill all these things and to see their value : left click on signal strength ( left or right to battery or sound sign ) right click on your network to which you connected you should see status ; click on this now a page is open ( wireless network connection status ) ; here click on details now you should see ipv4 ( ip address ) , ipv4 default gateway ( gateway ) , ipv4 subnet mask ( for netmask ) , ipv4 dns servers ( dns1 , dns2 ) save all these setting by clicking on menu then save . if this does not work check this also : open 192.168.1.1 open wireless → security check ( network authentication wpa personal auto ) after that your password then next [ wpa group rekey interval 3600 ( in my case this is the problem in my modem here is 4 so i remove it and type 3600 ) ] after this ( wpa/wapi encryption tkip+aes ) then save this setting .
recovery images are hard coded to use the first partition of an sd card are the main fat partition . as such , you need to ensure that the first partition on the card is the fat partition , or recovery will try to mount the ext partition as the fat partition . you can use any partition tool to modify the card . you also said that fastboot would not work - this is most likely due to lack of fast boot drivers .
there does not appear to be a way , no . ( some information in this forum thread : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-audio-video/40610-zune-not-droid-friendly.html ) apparently , drm'd wma files require a zune device . since droid ≠ zune , it is not going to work . unless and until microsoft decides they want to build a zune app ( à la the way amazon has a kindle app ) you are out of luck . only option appears to be to burn those tracks to a cd , then re-rip them as drmless mp3s .
sometimes android goes into fubar mode and the only way to get past it is to make a hard reset . this unfortunately deletes any data stored on the device but anything stored on the memory card will remain . luckily there is a hardware hard reset mode . a hard reset can be accomplished by doing the following things : turn the power off . if your samsung galaxy s ii is frozen , pull the battery out and reinsert it hold the volume down button press and release the power button you are now presented with a menu that allows for fastbook , recovery , clear storage , and simlock select clear storage by pressing the volume down button press and release the power button now simply confirm your decision : volume up for yes and volume down for no some versions of samsung galaxy s2 require that you need to hold down volume down and volume up to get into the menu . youtube video showing how it is done
yes , this will all work as smoothly as you hope . i recently traveled to a different timezone . before the trip i added a lot of events in my google calendar with an explicit timezone set ( of my destination ) . google ( and my phone ) did the timezone math correctly when i was there . the only caveat is that if you travel somewhere outside of your phone 's cellular service , then it will not be able to automatically set the timezone ( assuming you leave that feature enabled generally ) . you will need to use Settings -> Date &amp; time , then un-check Automatic and then manually set the local timezone .
google calender works with time zones exactly like you hope it would . all events shift appropriately based on your local time zone without user intervention . i particularly like how on the web you can specify a different time zone for the start and end of an event so you can accurately record the time of an airplane trip .
yes , at least for me . all of my events are stored as gmt and the time of the event is displayed based on the time of the device ( my location ) . now , i do not know what happens if you " specify " the timezone like you mentioned , as i have never done that .
i just had this problem less than an hour ago on my acer iconia a500 . i have had it happen with multiple sd cards on different devices . this is how i overcome this problem everytime . the only way that this wont work is if the card is fried to the problem of your " damaged sd card " , what is most likely going is corruption of the file system . something on the phone made an invalid entry . plug your sd card in the reader run mini tool partition wizard ( mtpw ) select partition wizard , other is data recovery pick the sd card in the list right click for drop down menu scroll down and click on check file system let it finish , then exit mtpw unplug and re-plug sd card into reader when " do you want to scan and fix " pops up , check both when finished , unplug from reader mount in your phone and enjoy . i know it is a late answer , but knowledge is power .
i used an otg adapter and a keyboard . plugged it in and then powered up . typed in my code then plugged into laptop running kies . got all my contacts and messages and more
i believe the s4 supports usb on-the-go . if you get yourself an otg adapter , you can use it to plug in a usb mouse and unlock the screen that way . a mouse click/drag works just like a screen touch in android .
have you considered just removing the sd card from the phone and keeping it in a safe spot until you need to access your important files ? afaik there is not a way to encrypt/protect a single file on an sd card . that leaves you looking at fully encrypting the card which android does not support out of the box . instead of that hassle , why not simply remove it ? you do not need an sd card to use basic phone functions ( calls , sms ) and many apps can either do without sd storage or be moved to internal storage . your device requires you to power down and pull the battery to access the micro sd card slot ; insertion or removal of the card and then powering the phone back on , though , should not take you much longer than a minute . keep it simple , i say .
simply , use boxcryptor . . it'll encrypt your files and folders with aes-256 standard ( aes-256 is classified by the u.s. government to protect “top secret” information ) . the best thing : you can use it on any platform : android , ios , windows , mac , linux . so , you can sync your encrypted files with dropbox , too . its free android app : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.boxcryptor.android ( free version has limitation of read-only access ) . you do not even need a rooted device whats not the case of fully free luks manager . if your device is rooted and you also need write access without spending money , go for luks manager , but you will miss cross-platform access . so , my recommendation is paid boxcryptor if you need write access . with encryption , your files and folders will be safe even if your friends are hacker . with even fastest super computers , breaking aes-256 standard needs decades or even hundreds/thousands years ( based on password strength and encryption passphrase ) .
if your phone is rooted ( which it may not ) , you might be able to unmount the card , altough i dont know if the system tries to remout it on itself after some period .
you cant lock , in your definition , the sdcard or one file . but you have some ways to protect your file . store it in a password protected zip file . encrypt your sdcard use a applocker to lock the apps they are needed to view / edit the file . use boxcryptor . the only safe way is , to encrypt it . if you lock your sdcard with a software , the thief can easily connect it to a pc and steal the file or even steal the whole sdcard .
encryption is most probably the most appropriate solution for your case . something along the lines of luksmanager could be the right tool . though you would need a rooted phone in any case and perhaps a modified kernel , too .
open a contact from the " people " app ( the contact list ) by tapping on its name , then press the Menu button ( the galaxy nexus analogue to this should be the ... button ) . one of the menu options should be " delete " .
well for the vibrant , the codes are as follows ; for example , ka7: the first letter is the year : k is the eleventh letter of the alphabet , so 2011 . the second is the month : january ( a = 1 ) . 7 is the revision or build , so ka6 is older than ka7 , etc . it is obviously different for the i9000 but you should be able to find that info on xda . they will also tell you which release is which version of android , which is not in the code afaik .
to notify an android phone that an application have a new version ( without programming all the process ) you have 2 options : 1 . - use the market feature , but for your comments i think this one is out of your list . 2 . - use the notification system available on android 2.2 and 2.3 . to use this push notification service the device needs to be logged on a google account in order to receive the notification , so maybe this isn’t suitable for your process . if no one of this options is what you’re looking for , you will be forced to develop your own push notification system and install that system in every android phone you need update .
you would have to create your own process of having the application notifying the user of updates ( and providing a link to the new apk . you could do this with a background service that pops up a message in the notification bar ) . the user has to install the application from the market to receive updates via the android market .
this sounds like it might be better asked on stackoverflow . the autoupdate is a feature of the market . if users have not installed the app with the market you will have to implement your own update feature . in android 2.2 you could potentially take advantage of the push notification system for updates .
though @matthew answer is correct that a phone will default to wi-fi when it is available , that does not always ease the mind . something you can do to allay your concern is switch the phone into airplane mode . this will disable the cell signal and hence all data travelling through your carrier . however , it does not disable wi-fi . here 's a link on how to do it on the droid bionic : from the main screen , press your power button ( located on top ) select airplane mode to disable mobile network signal of course , you will not be able to receive any calls , and this might not be what you want , but it will certainly allay your concerns of using data .
go to settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks and uncheck the box that says " data enabled " to disable 3g , 4g etc .
yes . all you have to do is : 1 ) enable airplane mode 2 ) now enable wifi good luck !
your phone will default to wifi when it is available . if you are paranoid you can disable data while using wifi but it is not necessary . i am not sure how to do it on the bionic but you could see if it is in the menu that pops up when you hold the power button for a couple seconds or something like unchecking use packet data in Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Mobile networks .
you could also use a mobile data monitor/manager like onavo count | monitor data . you can block certain applications from using mobile . alternatively , avast ! mobile security has a firewall module that allows for application specific data control .
well , in order to unroot your device you need to flash the stock rom again over to your device . for getting the stock rom for your device try heading over to the sammobile/firmware section and get the appropriate stock rom available for your samsung gt-s6312 , once you get the stock rom use the odin which can be easily searched over the google , download and use it to flash the stock rom over your device . once the flashing process completes your device will get unrooted .
i was searching this question because i had a linked device contact with a google contact . i do not know how i got it that way . to unlink 1 contact from another open the contact . choose the menu and choose separate contact . from that screen it is not obvious but there is a faded button on the right of each of the contacts that are linked . when you press it , the device will prompt " separate contact " cancel or ok . for me i have a contact that is exchange and google . it was also linked to another google and a device contact . i had to separate the device contact ( another person ) and the google contact ( a different other person ) .
this is not actually a linked contact unless the contact you added it to is from a social network . that is why the unlinking will not work . go to edit the number , select the entire number and copy it , then delete it from the wrong contact , go back , add a new contact , long-press the phone no . field and select paste . or you can use pen and paper too if you prefer .
you can use samsung kies for this . you can sync contacts , calendar , and tasks between your microsoft® outlook and your device and vice versa . related question : is there any way to sync my outlook calendar to my samsung galaxy s without kies ?
it may be that your intranet sites are actually hosted on another subnet , and access is through a proxy server . direct dns lookup , and even ip routing to the host may not be possible . the browser on your laptop might be automatically configuring the proxy , whereas the tab would not . i can be tricky to determine where the proxy server is , however it maybe possible with netstat and a little knowledge . on the laptop , start downloading a large file from the intranet , and run this from a command prompt : netstat -an look for a connection on a port like 80 , 8080 , 443 , or 8443 . this would be the server you need to configure as your proxy server on the tab . it is also worth exploring the dns suffix options suggested above .
check your contacts . keyboard will search and suggest contact names .
it might be possible in some cases ( i know sony has released blobs before for rom devs to use ) , but generally oem 's have agreements with carriers and release only carrier-laden ones . i know you said " without rooting " , but you could technically flash a custom recovery and from there flash a " de-bloated " stock rom from another developer . i know it is probably not really what you mean , but it does technically avoid rooting :p . that is probably going to be your best bet . another , more ad-hoc option would be to freeze carrier apps ( via titanium backup or something similar ) , and/or use alternative launchers like nova or apex to hide them from your app drawer . i do not think you need to be rooted to freeze an app , but i could be wrong . i feel your pain though , had an htc evo 4g back in the day . never have i ever cared less about sprint 's sponsorship of nascar .
there is 2 slightly different solutions . log onto your corporate mail account using outlook web access . go to the account settings , i.e. the options link . under that , select phone , and delete your phone profile from there . now delete and recreate the exchange account on your phone , and this time do not choose to sync contacts . exchange has a corporate addressbook or directory , and a local addressbook for your own personal contacts . get rid of the locally saved contacts in your exchange addressbook , so that on the next sync they will similarly be culled from the phone . you can always look them up in the corporate directory , and android can also perform a lookup against the directory for contacts that are not stored locally . this of course assumes that you do not actually need so many contacts on hand in your local addressbook , or that these are all company contacts and not external business contacts .
another possibility is to hide the account in your address book/contacts on your phone . disclaimer - not all contact apps support this though . on my phone , when i go into contacts and click the menu button , one of the menus is Display Options . this then lets me hide or show contacts for specific accounts ( ie . google , facebook , twitter , etc . ) . if i turn off a particular account in here , it does not show any of those contacts in my address book .
i faced the same problem when i configured the corporate account in my phone . then i removed the account by going to settings-> accounts and re added it . while re-adding i unchecked sync contacts , sync calendar , sync email and activated the account . now the problem is no more .
there is now a standard place for android phone users to set their owner information : menu -> settings -> security - > owner information there is also a checkbox that makes this information show up on the lock screen . there is an article about it at cnet with this useful screenshot :
settings / about phone / status shows the device 's phone number . call it and leave a message . maybe the owner will check their voicemail from home . or call people in the contact list , especially ones that show recent history . " your buddy lost a phone . . . " or call the carrier and tell them you found the phone . they will be able to contact the phone 's owner and relay your contact information .
if you go to settings > accounts and sync settings , you should be able to see their gmail address and possibly facebook . you can probably contact them through one of those .
canvas 4 doesnot have dlna or wifi direct . micromax is working on kitkat update for canvas it it is expected to be release between april-june 2014 . as a workaround for wifi direct you can use fast file transfer source : my friend have this phone
the official android version will be updated when the manufacturer decides . if you are rooted you can try cm11 here , but be careful . if you want to use wifi direct try this app
i dont know which nexus 7 gen you are using , but imo there must be an incompatibility between the tablet 's and car 's bluetooth technology .
this is unfortunately not possible . only apps and the android system can install shortcuts and widgets on your home screen .
the solution lies in your first sentence . you are using an htc headphone . music controls are not standardized so every manufacturer implements them differently . as if this would not be enough , different models have different implementations too . the only headphone that is guaranteed to work is the one that came with your device . apple on the other hand has a certification program to make sure that 3rd party accessories will work with idevices .
i fixed the problem by switching cables . i am not sure why it displayed " charging " in android , or how it actually managed to charge about 10% in 6 hours , but it seems to have worked now that i am gaining about 10% every 5 to 10 minutes like normal .
my phone is also running on cyanogen and unfortunately i have the same problem , this problem may be due to kernel . here is the solution which i use also . buy an extra charger of different model say htc and use this charger till it is charging well , then use the original charger . repeat the procedure if necessary . it sounds so strange but works luckily .
sorry , there is not way to do this . i believe that some launchers may wrap titles , but i can not think of any that do . as per dymutaos ' comment : adw wraps the titles of apps . they wrap it to a second line , and they make the second line smaller in order to fit within a certain space . though if the name is really long and does not fit within 2 lines , it still gets truncated .
you could also just move everything through your gmail account , using sms backup + . ( i recommend using wifi , as it can take a while on a mobile data connection , if you have a lot of content . )
you want the old version of lifesaver2 available from the free and open source android app repostitory http://f-droid.org it is available here or via the fdroid market app itself . to be able to install it you need to enable unknown sources . if you have no data connection on your old phone : put the lifesaver2_1.0 . apk on the sd card using your s3 or transfer it via bluetooth and then side-load it .
if you have an unlocked phone , i do not think there should be any problem . the sim card for gophone is apparently just a regular prepaid sim card and is not tied to the phone it is sold with . if the phone does not recognize the apn for 3g , just go to Settings &gt; Wireless and Networks &gt; Mobile Networks &gt; Access point Names and enter the appropriate access point settings manually .
there are only two ways to get it back : flash a ( new ) rom . this could be the same you are currently using , or any other one fitting for your device . to find a matching one , please see where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? find the exact rom you are currently using , and extract the corresponding files from it . then copy the extracted files to your device . for the future , keep in mind to always make a good backup before tampering with system files . a nandroid backup is a very good idea , as with that you are always able to get back to the state before you started with any changes . see also the comments on your question for other details .
the pc architecture is built around commodity parts because it started out as clones of a specific product , the ibm pc , that were specifically designed to be compatible with it , and therefore with each other . generally speaking , you could take a program or peripheral device from one pc-compatible and put it into another , and expect it to work . that ability is useful enough that people have continued to demand it even as the technology evolved . you can put a pci express card in any modern pc just like you could put an isa card in any pc clone back then . smartphones have no such history . they are designed as monolithic products , a complete system consisting of hardware and software that " just works " as-is . there is no expectation that people will take parts out of one phone and put them into another , so engineers do not have to take interoperability into account when they design their products . even within the linux kernel source tree , there is a lot of fragmentation in the drivers for arm platforms . since phones are usually designed behind closed doors , engineering teams at different companies often end up doing duplicate work , designing basically the same hardware as their competitors and then writing their own drivers for their own design . once they are done and the product is released , they go straight to working on the next one ; it is not worth their time to go back and refactor the drivers for past products or merge them with competitors ' drivers . the result is a plethora of one-off drivers for devices that are similar but not quite the same . in addition , smartphones are usually based on socs that have specialized hardware integrated together with the processor . for some of this , it can be more than a matter of whether to load or not load a certain driver ; the kernel as a whole may need to be built with special configuration options for running on one soc , which are incompatible with the special options needed to run on another soc .
phones and other embedded do not have a bios to provide abstraction between the hardware and os as a result the os is compiled for the hardware it is deployed to . even devices using the same chip set can can be configured in different ways ( using alternate comms buses etc . ) \the result is that the kernel has to be compiled accordingly . as there is no expectation of changes in hardware there is no hardware detection performed . kernel boots faster and is smaller as a result - this is a standard principle of an embedded os
the reason is because android 's linux kernel are generally not compiled on android itself , instead it had to be cross compiled from another computer . this causes various issues , because the device configuration are not available on compile time , and it is not feasible to compile a generic kernel with all drivers due to space limitation ( whereas most desktop distros simply had all drivers compiled into modules loaded from an initramfs ) . therefore developers had to figure out which drivers to package for each particular device . not only that , each drivers generally have a dozen or so of compile time options to toggle various driver features , and manufacturers usually do not release their official configuration ( the worst offenders do not even open source their drivers , or did not keep upstream 's copy of the drivers up to date ) . because manufacturer 's do not release their configurations , often the slightly different configuration that the developer uses will expose subtle bugs that does not exist with manufacturer 's configuration . driver programming is much more difficult than application programming , as there is no kernel that shield you from the fickle hardware that have a specific real-time timing requirements and the such , and this means even having a different performance characteristic may cause the driver to miss some hard real time events from the hardware ; these misses may surface as either bugs or performance issues . another issue is binary incompatibility . there are two cause of binary incompatibility , first is cpu type , which has been covered by t0mm13b well , but the other issue which is more relevant to porting is the abi incompatibility ( application binary interface ) . if manufacturers do not open source their drivers , then developers had to use the compiled module from a stock rom . this raises various abi incompatibility issues , since the driver modules itself have specific expectations about , for example , struct layout and function calling parameters , and when the kernel is compiled , it does not have the header file to describe the abi at the time the driver is compiled , so developers had to reverse engineer the driver to create a header file or the header files in the source tree might have been modified heavily since the driver is compiled and developers had to revert those modifications to make the kernel compatible again with the driver 's abi . unlike compiling from source , compiling for binary driver will not trigger compilation error due to function parameter mismatch or struct incompatibility , it will simply just crash your device while it is running , and debugging these issues are very difficult . in the pc world , we are familiar with the mess that nvidia and ati left us , due to their insistence on releasing binary only drivers , imagine having that mess for all drivers , imagine the " fun " it creates . pc hardware are also generally better standardized than mobile hardware , most pcs do not need drivers for vibrators , accelerometer , gyroscope , 3g radio , proximity sensor , nfc , etc . even on devices that have 3g , it usually connects to the hardware using standardized connections like pcmcia or pci-e .
kernels vary from manufacturer to manufacturer . a lot of those kernels come from the pure stock kernel line of sources found on caf , what these manufacturers do is take those stock sources , modify them to suit based on the board/chipset used , also , implement their own drivers . take a good look around you , there is variations of touchscreens , variations of wifi chipsets , not to mention , accelerometer , sensors , batteries , compass , sound , graphics . taking one kernel source from for example htc will not work on a samsung , and vice versa . the manufacturers are free to cherry-pick or out-source various bits that get incorporated into the circuit board . there is no hard or fast rules involved . hence the lot of hacking/modifications to get the kernel to work properly . you must not ever , compare to desktop linux distribution kernels in which it has pci , pci-express , sata , vga , svga , usb , ethernet as they are a totally different ball-park game . the major differences with centos and with android 's linux kernel is this - all drivers are compiled either as modules or built-in , hence any linux distribution will simply " work out of the box " . again , with desktop linux distributions - you have one architecture - x86 hence one linux kernel from say a dell pc , can work out of the box on a lenovo provided that the bog-standard drivers are compiled . do not forget , in the android world , there is variations of the kernel built for specific arm chipsets , such as armv6 , armv7 , there is tegra , there is exynos , and they are binary incompatible with one another . hence if a kernel is compiled for tegra , forget it , it will not work on armv7 ! the reason some kernels on android appear to be " broken " is down to the manufacturer . some ( zte is one very good example ) release a butchered source that may compile from source but fails to boot due to a missing driver that is not covered by the gplv2 or gplv3 licence . that is the problem , hence some hackers have to go scouring around github looking for some clues ; some manufacturers , if not all , do comply . the current incarnation of zte 's source is purportedly to be 2.6.35.7 , but in reality its actually 2.6.32.9 source base with a lot of modifications thus does not represent the true kernel source for 2.6.35.7 ! this is where the manufacturers have to release their respective sources , not just out of being compliant with gplv2 or later , but rather , for the community to be able to mod it , such as adding overclocking capabilities . hence there is hacking involved behind the scenes and a lot of messing about with drivers trying to get it to work , and its not easy to debug either . . some drivers may be cross-licensed , but cannot be distributed depending on the clause and conditions as negotiated . thankfully , that is all changed now with kernel 3 . x.x. line of sources , as android drivers are now integrated into the mainstream sources . but there is a gotcha ! try porting a 3 . x.x. kernel to an existing handset that is about 12-18 months old ; not a snowball 's chance in hell would it work , that is because , of the differing factors , the 3 . x . x sources is vastly different to the 2.6 . x source and would take a lot of hacking to get it working - i should know , have tried porting 2.6.38.6 source for the zte blade and failed . likewise , the latest kernel release 3.0.1 - when working on the ics4blade project over on modaco , have made numerous attempts to port it but that is down to the simple fact that zte made a very bad mess of the source which rendered porting nigh on impossible .
well . . . . drivers and the kernel are not exactly the same . drivers are what control the cell antenna , wifi , bluetooth , etc . these are proprietary drivers because the manufacturer has to create a way ( the drivers ) to talk to their hardware . the kernel is an intermediary level between the os/application and the actual drivers ( or cpu or memory or any other hardware ) . it is what allows your os/apps to interface with these hardware components . all of the millions of kernels you see are really not that much different from each other . typically a programmer/modder will take the existing kernel and " tweak " it to try and get a difference performance out of it . you can essentially say that they are only adjusting ( for the most part ) the " configuration " of the kernel . in the android world , these modders are primarily looking at : over or underclocking the cpu clock ( important for either saving battery life or trying to run most process intensive applications such as video game emulators or video playback ) , or they are looking at under-volting ( to save battery life by running your cpu outside of its original set parameters . . . which varies in effect person to person because no two cpus are made 100% exactly the same ) .
provided you have not rooted the device , a factory reset will reset the phone to the state it was in . note that sometimes , some extra content that was added by the manufacturer ( like some bundled music/images ) later may be wiped . obviously , if you are bundling along the same sd card that you were using earlier , format it and also run it through shredder programs . ideally , do not part with the same sd card - either give the next owner a new card or avoid it altogether .
i have found a way that may help you . i used this to grant root access to tasker . if you use the terminal emulator to grant read but not write access to a folder using su chmod 775 /location/of/folder/ then your text editor will be able to read that directory and so if you can then try to save a file in the folder then it will try to request root permission . it may also just give a write error .
well there is a way out , though its bit lengthy . first of all you need to have the source code of the app you need to install . then locate the main java file ( which you can find in the " package" ) . just add the following code process p = runtime . getruntime ( ) . exec ( "su" ) ; and you are done : )
no . you should request the app developer to do so . on unix like systems , permissions are managed with something called uids . every process has one and it dictates what they can access . moreover , there are also groups that have permission that their members can use . when an app has permissions like Write to SD card they are put into a group that has this permission . the root permissions are an exception since they are not declared in the app 's manifest , but rather in its code . root is also not a group but a separate uid ( as it is a separate user ) so it is not that easy for an app to use it . apps that have root rights need to be explicitly written to do so . the way this works is every time an app wants to do something as root , it has to request the su binary to do it instead . su will then ask the app that manages these permissions ( e . g . , supersu ) whether the app is allowed to gain root access . if it is not , it'll prompt you to allow or deny it . then the action is carried out as root , not as the app user . these actions are not an integral part of the app but rather an external executable . while theoretically it is possible to add this to an app , this would be a non-trivial process requiring knowledge of writing smali code , which is the internal format of the dalvik virtual machine ( the part of the system that runs the apk file ) called smali . and even then , there would be a huge security risk if the app allows other apps to access it : it would not know how to keep the privileged root access separate from its normal access . so in reality this is not really feasible .
i use the internet download manager . you open the pdf in new tab and then copy your url and then click add url at internet download manager , paste to your url .
attachment2sd will do the trick . after you install it when you click on the pdf attachment in the gmail app it'll pop-up the " complete action using . . . " dialog . choose attachment2sd and it'll download to a directory on your sd card , where you can immediately open it or save it for later . this works with all kinds of files , not just pdf .
do not use the gmail app , instead use your browser , go to gmail.com, mobile or desktop view does not matter , open the mail you want to download the pdf from click on the pdf icon and it will be downloaded automatically . about doing so with the gmail app specifically , i have no idea , and that was how i dodge the pdf problem .
go to settings > apps > all applications > media storage > tap ' clear data ' . . . reboot and everything will appear in windows explorer once again .
this is how i solved this problem on my galaxy note-3: install ftp file server application on your android device in your computer : map network drive -> add network location -> choose ftp site -> enter the ip address of the ftp server connect ( unanimously or by id ) to the " server " and you will be able to access all folders and files in the android device .
im running a galaxy note 3 the solution to the problem i found was by using the android file browser and moving the folder/file i had downloaded to another directory that wasnt as cluttered . this enabled me to see the 50mb . rar file i had downloaded and pulled it onto my pc . i dont know if this solution will help anyone , but it worked for me . thanks all : )
this is apparently a known bug in android which is not even acknowledged by google since oct 2012 — depending on the method of creating files on the android device , these files may remain invisible when accessing the device using mtp , until the device is rebooted . known workarounds include : use usb storage mode instead of mtp , if it is supported by the phone . this is apparently not an option for lg optimus l5 ( e610 ) , because this phone has unified internal storage ( file storage is in /data/media on the same ext4 filesystem as /data ) , which cannot be exported as an usb storage device . clear data of the “media storage” app , then use the sdrescan app to rebuild the media database ( discussed here ) . share files over the network using third-party apps such as airdroid or one of samba server apps ( in the latter case you will need to have root to make the server reachable from most clients , including windows ) .
go to menu > system settings > storage unmount sd card and press " ok " mount sd card you will see scanning media files on sd card . . . in the notification bar . this means you are fine and the stuff in sd card is rescanned so you can see them now : )
in my case multiple reboots did not fix the issue . clearing the app data did . i had to let the file system rebuild itself every time i went to a new directory but it worked after the rebuilding was done .
it can be done by selecting the desired repetition from the combo box . here some screenshots : jorte changelog does not have entry that describe the recurring events addition so i suppose this feature coule be there since first releases .
in the event creation dialog box i have a " repetition " drop-down box with all of those options . this is using jorte 1.2.31
after restarting the tablet the app is now working properly . no idea - could be android was not able to free enough ram or some such . . .
it is the issue with the micro usb on the phone . best you get it checked at a authorized service center . for a temporary fix : take a sharp pin and put it under the micro usb port and twist the usb port towards the screen . that should be a quick fix .
clean lint out of usb port with a safety pin , be careful with connector inside . . . lint from pocket is issue
if you are talking about audio here ( e . g . having notifications , alarms , etc . sent to your ( bluetooth ) headset ) , you might wish to take a look at soundabout : soundabout settings screens ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) this app allows you to define which audio signal is routed where ( even on certain conditions ) . i am not sure how far the free version goes concerning bluetooth , as the app description says bluetooth behavior - ( pro version ) . to my understanding , those " behavior settings " only include specifics like " force to mono " , but i do not use the app myself , and thus cannot tell for sure .
crossbreeder is a great addition to any android device . it does a lot of things , among them : dns caching and paralleling , ad and spyware blocking , modulation of os entropy levels . it helped a lot when i had an htc one v [ 1.5ghz cpu ( oc'd ) , 512 mb ram , android 4.2.2 ] . so much so that i also flashed it onto my nexus 5 . greenify helps by allowing you to manage background processes and program it accordingly for best results . lastly , titanium backup has the only " move to sd card " feature that i can vouch for . give it a try and see if it can move the apps you need off your sd card . you should also note that this might the associated app 's widgets unavailable ( see issue 11283 ; opened in 2010 and marked as " workingasintended" ) .
try this : go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All scroll down to market , tap on it , and then tap on Clear cache button . go back to the listing of apps , scroll up to find the " google services framework " app , tap on it and tap on the Clear data button . reboot your phone . launch the market app , and accept the license . your installed apps should now be properly linked to your account in the market . if not , simply download or update any app , and everything should be back to normal .
do you have multiple gmail or google apps on your domain logins ? i found it confusing , because whatever email account i happened to be reading became the current account in the market . so some of my apps ended up being assigned to these other accounts until i figured out that i was not logged in as expected . i did not realize it because they were free apps so there was not the issue of requiring a registered credit card for these other logins .
go to your phone 's settings . go to Sound . tick off the Vibrate ( vibration feedback for calls and notifications ) option .
the ota update will not work with root . you can manually flash a rom to your device . you can get stock ( factory ) roms from google https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images , nexus 4 is about 1/3rd down the page . you can also go to xda forums and get a custom rom http://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-4 , main forum page for nexus 4 . the other way would be to use wugfresh toolkit for nexus to relock/unroot device , to be able to get otas . forum link : http://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-4/orig-development/toolkit-wugs-nexus-root-toolkit-v1-8-2-t2015469 wugfresh toolkit download : http://www.wugfresh.com/nrt/ read everything and make a backup before doing anything ! ! ! !
i do not think a rooted nexus 4 will be able to update automatically . so you might have to turn auto update off . rooting will void its warranty . but not to worry , rooting is good . some how you can flash an updated version of stock rom manually to your device .
alarm master has a widget that shows the next alarm , but i think you need to set alarms from within that app , not the default alarm / clock app . there is also upcomings , which has a similar widget for showing the next event .
for the next calendar event the desire ( and all htc i think ) do not need a 3rd party app . the htc calendar widget which comes with the phone has 3 different view modes , the third does exactly that . unfortunately it works only with calendar events and not alarms . . .
i use a widget called " digital clock widget " , free from the market . it is a simple clock/date widget , which can be configured to also show the day and time of the next alarm .
the problem disappeared when a newer cyanogenmod build was flashed . ( the problem was present on a stable slimkat rom as well . )
per your last comment , you seek runkeeper pro ( appbrain link ) also check out runkeeper . com . i highly recommend it although i am most likely underestimating it since i just use it for running . it keeps track of your route , time , distance , elevation , calorie burn , etc . your hiking , jogging and snowshoeing tours will each be saved to your ( shareable ) activity list on runkeeper.com. runkeeper uses gps to track your fitness activities , including distance , time , pace , calories , heart rate , and path traveled on a map . pro version also provides audio cues , customized interval workouts , manual entry for treadmill and other cardio equipment , integrated runkeeper fitnessclasses and no advertising . edit : after re-reading the question , i wanted to add that once you have a track saved using runkeeper , you can export it as a gpx or a google earth file . mytourbook 's site says that you can import a gpx although " not all features are currently supported . "
you can save imported tours in mytourbook ( they are kept in an sql database ) so that you do not have to reimport them again and again .
i use endomondo for sports tracking ( mountain biking mostly ) . it came out the best from my tests some time ago . it has quite friendly app , nice website and shows track history nicely . beside it i tested sports tracker , runtastic and runkeeper - i evaluated gps tracking accuracy and website user interface friendliness and my priority was to be able to post links to facebook easily and at that time only endomondo could do that . sports tracker and runtastic ( and maybee runtastic too - can not remember any more ) seemed to have quite some gps " noise " in the tracks - when going straight these showed very much a zig-zag path and bumps in elevation - endomondo seemed to " smooth out " both a bit which might give you a little worse accuracy for the tracking itself when you run a difficult path with a lot of curves , but the overall tracking performance seemed better to me . some of the nice endomondo track data include ( my favourites in bold ) : distance , duration , average speed , max . speed , calories ( energy burned ) , hydration ( how much should you drink ) , min . and max . altitude , total ascent ( altitude ) , total descent ( altitude ) , weather . as for managing the tracks alone only ( without tracking ) , i think the garmin connect could be a good choice , since it has a nice website interface and can correct the elevation/altitude data from its real-world database . but you have to upload tracks manually since garmin has no android device .
what timezone are you in ? it sounds like when you back them up , it is saving them in a different timezone ( maybe utc ) . to answer your other questions : yes , sqlite is used for the messages /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db same way as sms messages : /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db you can use adb from the android sdk and copy it to your pc by doing : c:/android-sdk/tools/&gt; adb pull /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db c:/users/my-account/desktop/mmssms.db yes , you will have to root your phone to get access to that directory . maybe check out sms backup + in the android market . it will backup your sms messages ( does not do mms yet ) to your gmail account and put them in an sms label . it will also restore them too .
your issue ain't related with browser app , it is a network configuration regarding the proxy settings . as you can read from your phone 's user manual on page 63: proxy settings are used by browser but may not be used by other apps . since you have mentioned that only " browser " gets affected , and that all of them work fine under 3g , this leaves us with an wifi settings issue : touch the " settings " icon ; touch " wireless and networks " > " wi-fi" ; touch and hold your network in the list of wi-fi networks ; touch " modify network " in the dialog that opens ; select " show advanced option" ; touch " none " under proxy settings , then touch " manual " in the menu that opens . clear the proxy box , make sure nothing stays there . touch save . open the browser and give it a try . you should now be able to navigate without problems either with http and https .
can you once try slate . apk from this xda thread . he has created/ported many skins .
you can search your contacts easily by " typing letters " . the dialer instantly interprets the input phone number also as text input ( just like t9 does ) and shows contacts that match below the actual number . for example if you want to dial smith you should dial 76484 . no need to press 4 three times to get " i " .
i would assume it is because there are still phone numbers that are distributed with convenience letters ( e . g . " phonewords" ) in them , and there are probably still automated call answering programs that use them . the letters on the numpad far predate t9 . for the us specifically , wikipedia also has an article that explains the history of telephone numbers and the various ways that letters have been used over time ( it was different in other countries , but i can not find a detailed article for that at the moment ) .
" fast boot " is basically analogous to the hibernate or possibly s3 ( str ) sleep functionality on regular pcs ( htc is not very clear on what precisely it does , but analysis of its claims and action suggests it is one of these ) . rather than fully shutting down and restarting , the os resumes where it was after a shutdown , allowing the system to get from " off " to " ready to use " much faster . as mentioned , some apps do not play nice with this , such as the case is in this so question . unless you are regularly needing to shut off your phone for some reason and want it to start back up faster , i would personally just leave it off to avoid the potential for weird issues .
you can change the language within settings -> language and input . there are options for english ( canada , united kingdom , and united states ) and polish ( polski ) as well as a variety of other languages . if it is in polish , tap the bottom right of the tablet ( the clock area ) , tap the top box ( where the time is ) , tap the bottom option ( ustawienia - settings ) , tap the icon that has an a in it ( jezyk i wprowadzanie danych - language and input ) and tap the top option on the right ( wybierz jezyk - select language ) . from there , you can scroll to the english option you want and tap it .
business calendar pro ( and maybe even the free version ) can move events from one calendar to another , even if they are on different accounts . i got business calendar pro when i was still using the samsung touchwiz ui because i did not like their calendar application . now that i am on a vanilla android , i still use business calendar pro . the agenda widget is nice and the ui and functionality exceeds the stock calendar app .
two points , firstly if you just want to stop getting the airpush ads , airpush themselves offer two ways that you can opt your device out of receiving the ads . either : install the airpush permanent opt-out app , or visit their opt-out page and follow the instructions to enter your imei to be opted out . secondly i do not think that airpush is the only game in town doing this . i uninstalled an app a few months ago when i tracked down that it was the one spamming my notification bar . its ads did not look like airpush 's and it did not show up with an airpush detector . did not track down who was providing the ads framework the app was using , i was just happy to get that rubbish off my device , for an app i only opened once a month or so i did not need that hassle . it may be that these are not airpush ads , but one of their competitors . that app i just tracked down by working out which apps i would installed/updated recently , then glancing through the market comments to see which one was full of users screaming to get rid of the notification ads .
install the airpush detector app . this will ( in most cases ) detect the app responsible .
touch the stars at the top of your phone and slide it down with your finger to view the ad . dont open the ad but instead put your finger on it and press and hold it down for 7 seconds and the app thats sending you the add will appear . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . delete the app and the stars will go away . my stars came from downloading the ringtone ( fart ) with my samsung galaxy note 2 .
meridian media player ( free in the market ) specifically facilitates this , allows digging deep into a folder structure and other goodies too .
as i understand it it is possible to add a . nomedia file into a folder that you want to exclude from media scans . i have not had occasion to test this myself but the comments on this issue seems to confirm that it works .
not an answer but a good alternative . buy this inexpensive wifi powerbank . this is practically a very portable wifi router . i bought and use one and so far its great . can also be an inexpensive mifi device using a 3g dongle , and a backup battery for your phone .
long-press on the search bar ; after a second or so , a trash can should appear at the top or bottom of the screen . drag it to the trash can . alternatively , you could drag it to an open space on another screen by dragging it to the left or right edge of the screen . the screen will flip to the next panel and you can drop the widget on any open space large enough to contain it .
edit : you can re-add the same phone by going to https://www.google.com/accounts/smsauthconfig and hitting the edit link beside " android " ( the mobile application field ) . oddly enough , this link did not work for me in chrome but it did in internet explorer .
from what i can see , there is no way to re-associate a phone . it looks like your option is to disassociate/re-associate .
see also : how can i stop applications and services from running ? when you free the memory you are just killing the apps using it or that android has stopped and put in the background . the only real solution is to not use apps , or to accept that every time you switch apps your position in the old one will be forgotten . you had probably need a custom-built rom that entirely altered the way android does memory management in order to get around this ; having something auto-clear the ram would end up killing the app you are currently using . another alternative is creating a swap partition , though how to do so is a different question .
it is actually not the hardware at all . there is a special file in the android system called gps . conf . this file specifies the gps servers that the device will use . each manufacturer wants to use their own special gps servers instead of the main ones from google ( some have different values for different devices ) . this means that different devices connect to different servers for the same goal : gps tracking . this means 2 things for lockon time : the speed and hardware of the gps servers the manufacturer has specified will determine the lockon time . the amount of traffic going to those servers will also significantly affect lockon time . this is why many samsung phones have notoriously slow gps lockon times . additionally , some manufacturers specify gps servers that arent even on the same continent ( they specify one set of general servers for everybody ) . this means that if the servers are in europe , the lockon times will be better for people in europe due to low latency and the people in the us wont be so lucky . the fix for this is simple ( editing the file and replacing them with more region specific gps servers ) but this requires root access .
solved the problem by installing motorola device manager and re-plugging the phone . i felt so silly after finding that link .
it seems to be a software issue wherein the rom you are using simply does not record your calls . are you using a samsung original rom or are you using a rooted custom rom . if you would post more details about you software by going into system settings-> about phone and posting a screenshot of the same , i will be happy to help . you can also visit this website ( www.galaxys2root.com ) in case you would like to switch your rom in for a better one . i have a gt-i9100 and frequently use the same website to try different roms .
i had same problem . later i noticed that my phone 's date was set to year 1970 . i corrected date . and now the problem is solved .
the simple answer is no ! . waze is just an app , a piece of software and has no bearing on battery life or heat generation . heat is generated from devices within your phone running with too much power . waze maybe the app that starts these devices going , but ultimately , it is the phones hardware that is causing the heat . screens generate a large amount of heat to provide the brightness needed , try reducing the brightness level on the screen . also , the satellite tracking system may be needing more power if the signals being received are too small . some phones have a self boost amplifier and these can also burn battery power . anything that runs these types of hardware would cause you phone to get hot , and lack of cooling would not help . most phones are designed now to be as thin and light as possible , this is done by sacrificing heatsinking ( the designers assume the phone will only be used for short periods at a time ) .
in your devices settings ( under settings &rarr ; wifi or settings &rarr ; wireless and networks &rarr ; wifi , depending on your android version / rom ) you should find a check-box to enable notifications for " open networks " . if you enable that ( and , of course , have wifi enabled ) , android will always scan for networks in the background ( which it does anyway with wifi enabled ) and display a notification in the notification-bar to inform you whenever an " open network " was detected . this does not automatically connect you to that network , for security reasons . otherwise hackers would have an easy job to lurk you into their honey-pot , hack your device , and leave you - virtually - " naked " . it is not a really good idea to simply connect to any open network around . many background connections are not secured , or at least not well secured , so it would be easy to sniff your passwords or personal data transmitted ( same for your " manual connections " via e.g. the browser ) . so pick your " open networks " carefully . however : once you manually connected a network , android will remember that -- and connect you automatically the next time it is in reach . until you go and remove its configuration manually from the settings . there are also apps available on the playstore helping you in this context . while android 's default scanner shows networks using a " captive login " as open as others not using it , they even differentiate . a good example for those is e.g. wefi pro ( at least it did show these differences in the past -- it is some time ago when i used it last ) .
there are several types of youtube links . so as long as the types differ the intent chooser will popup asking to choose the default . i suggest just keep ticking the " use as default " check box and select youtube application .
you can use the ' lasso ' option for that . it works real cool .
the issue is not the browser or anything else , if you try to connect via the gprs ( mobile network ) it will not block . and to make it pretty sure , you can try to download opera mini v7 . then you will be able to see that it will load pages even when they are blocked . isps block site , as per orders of govt . or on their own . the issue is mainly because of that ! but still , you might try out opera mini , and check if the site is working for you or not . if opera mini is working , then their is some issue with the connection . if the problem persists , you might try to use some vpn . that is the only way to get around when the isp is blocking some sites .
wat are you using to create and format your partitions ? i ran into a similar error when i used paragon partition manager ( https://www.paragon-software.com/ ) in windows . the phone would not correctly recognise the partition . i then used ( i think it is the ' official' ) the sd formatter program in windows to format my partition but it only seems to make use of the entire sd card and not really give you an opportunity to have multiple partitions . you should really try gparted . it is pretty fool proof . just make a bootable usb , pop on gparted and create and format you partitions in that . good guide here for a gs4 but should work for your phone too : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2285221
do you have an insecure kernel ( boot . img ) ? write access to the system partition is usually blocked by the kernel at boot . you may need to flash a modified kernel to be able to obtain write access to /system with adb . can you mount /system as r/w in the os ? then you could push the file to the sd card using adb or just normal usb ( mtp or mass storage depending on the device ) and then copy it to the proper location and set permissions using terminal on the device or a root-enabled file manager . then reboot and it should be there and installed .
the syntax of mount command usually requires you specify the target : mount -o remount,rw /system /system  this output could be useful for us to better understand your problem : cat /proc/mounts  as a last resort , as you have root you can try saving raw image of system , mount it on your box and push the app there , then flash it back on your device . to save raw system image : dd if=&lt;block device mounted on /system&gt; of=&lt;output file&gt;  if you go that way make sure you keep the original system image in case something goes wrong .
" long touch " on the screen ( the wallpaper ) so the add to home screen option opens . touch motorola widgets touch contact quick tasks choose the contact you want to add choose the contact method ( s ) done !
while all of the above is true , you can simply click menu -> add -> shortcut -> dialer -> favorites to recreate the shortcut if you accidenatlly delete it . that is if you are talking about the little red icon with the star that takes you to the favorites tab in the dialer .
some widgets might only be able to be placed once . if you only want one instance of it , but on another screen , just long click ( click on the widget and keep your click/pressure on it or keep your finger pressed to the screen ) till you have control of it . on my android device i feel a vibrate and the widget shakes on the screen . then just move it where ever you want . to go to another screen hold the widget to the edge of that screen and you should be on the the next screen . another tip that might be easier than moving apps and widgets on homescreens , just long click on them till you have control and remove them by dragging to the bottom of the screen . then go to the screen you want and add it . long click on an empty space of the homescreen and choose " widgets " then find your widget and add it . update : so at the very top of my widget list is something that says , " get more htc widgets " . you could see if you have that . not sure if motorola has their own option there or not . also try looking at your widget list and then see if you have " contacts " or " people " . on my phone i have " people " and that allows me to add one of those favorite listings for my contacts .
this quotes andy rubin in saying that they will move from a twice a year release schedule to a yearly cycle . but i do not know of an actual " official " publication . also , this " yearly " cycle probably only means " major " releases , but there will still probably be " minor " updates through out the year like they have done in the past . the quote : so we launched it , and from our internal 0.8 , we got to 1.0 pretty quickly , and we went through this iteration cycle . you’ve noticed , probably , that that’s slowed down a little bit . our product cycle is now , basically twice a year , and it will probably end up being once a year when things start settling down , because a platform that’s moving — it’s hard for developers to keep up . i want developers to basically leverage the innovation . i don’t want developers to have to predict the innovation . andy rubin vp of engineering for android at google
no , there is no officially published plan . the only people who get advance access to new versions before they are released are certain big-name developers ( and tier 1 hardware vendors , of course ) under nda , so they can be ready take advantage of new features . the rest of us get it when the updates get pushed out . ( usually , the new sdk and emulator images appear a little after the new devices ship . ) unless you want to take advantage of not-yet-announced features , there is no need to change your app for new os versions , because of the backwards-compatibility features present in android .
try manually restoring the contents of /data/data/com.viber.voip .
i was also looking for this answer , specifically for signing into google using the web signin ( required if using secondary auth ) . for the password i just typed in a single letter then touching and holding the icon showed up for highlighting the text . above it was the paste . i simply pasted my password , then deleted the first character .
stumbled on this link when i found an in-app password field that disallowed pasting . i happen to use lastpass that supplies an additional keyboard input method ( press and hold space bar with the elipsis dots to switch input mode after configuring input methods ) . i switched to that and it worked . presumably other input keyboards have the ability to override default paste behavior . good luck
when you are using hacker 's keyboard you can simply press ctrl + v to paste . please note if you do not have a ctrl key , you can enable it in the keyboard 's settings .
you can simply have the password typed in plain text . keep it inside a sms conversation , e-mail , note , or anywhere you like . nobody would know that is is your password since there is no indication to that matter in the place where the password is typed . when you are required to type the password in your browser , just select all by pressing ald holding the typed text and copy it . now go to the password field and touch and hold for a second or so and then a button named paste will appear . then simply touch that button . the password will be pasted into the filed . done ! !
also , some devices show up as mass storage devices , only when usb debugging option is turned off . see if that helps .
there is an app called screen filter which allows dimming of the screen , as well as disabling the bottom button lights . however , as my phone is rooted , i am not entirely sure if the button light disabling works on a non-rooted incredible . the app is free though , so it is worth a try . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.haxorhl=en
it seems there must be some way to do this because fbreader turns then off whether there is high or low lighting . http://www.appbrain.com/app/fbreader/org.geometerplus.zlibrary.ui.android even a note about this in the fbreader releases : fbreaderj 0.7.12/13 is released ( october 28 , 2010 ) . changes : * keys backlight has been disabled .
from what i have read , this is not possible without a rooted phone . other than that , you can you only control the lights ' on/off state by how much ambient light is hitting the sensor .
i would recommend contacting the developer directly . they will be much more helpful than us giving speculating answers on here . most devs are pretty quick at getting back to you as well .
not without either loading a custom rom that does not have these popups . these are probably " features " added for your carrier , so a more " generic " rom would probably stop them .
please update to the latest podcast addict v2.3 . you can subscribe to itunes podcasts ( just copy/paste or press on this url ) and you can also browse itunes database , so this podcast will now shows up ; )
factory resets do not normally affect the external sd card , e.g. , /sdcard/external_sd . some devices will wipe everything else under /sdcard ( like the asus transformer ) while others will not ( like the samsung galaxy s ) . so it depends on your device and which " sd card " you are referring to , and also the filesystem layout &mdash ; some devices will mount internal/external sd storage in different places than what i mentioned above .
there is no need to install kies . download the driver SAMSUNG_USB_Driver_for_Mobile_Phones_v1.5.14.0.exe ( or a higher version ) which is available from the samsung website . click on the manuals and downloads tab ( below the image of the phone ) and then the software tab . after installing , i connected the s3 via usb and windows update automatically searched for and downloaded a package that was 6.8mb , followed by this notification . i restarted my computer ( just in case ) and i can now use the s3 for development , even though it says the device is connected as a " media device " .
you can try using universal adb driver from this link : https://github.com/koush/universaladbdriver
you need to install the samsung adb driver . you can install these by installing kies ( they will be installed automatically ) , or you can download and install the driver here - it says it is for the galaxy s2 , but it should work for all samsung devices . once installed , you may need to reboot your computer , and then connect your device . if that still does not work , go into your device manager and delete any unknown devices , or devices with question marks next to them ( highlight them , and press the delete key ) . once that is done , plug the device back in and the driver should install . you should then be able to see the device by using the adb devices command .
the easiest way to get this driver is from the samsung website . there is a link to a download that installs only the driver ( none of the bloat ) . see stackexchange-url for more details .
uninstall the samsung galaxy s3 driver . download and update your fingerprint sensor driver . in my case , i use the authentec driver . download and update your bluetooth device driver ( i.e. . broadcomm , etc ) reboot computer . re-install the galaxy s3 driver . connect device . device will look for software updates and everything should install . good to go !
click on the download notification showing the progress and it will take you to downloads app . there in app you can cancel the download .
that is a really silly thing to do . android will automatically kill background processes to make more ram available when necessary . most of the time it leaves background processes in ram ( but not running ) to allow those apps to start up quicker next time , and to use less power ( because it does not have to keep reloading the app into ram ) . see the answers to this question for more info .
by what you describe , this is more likely to be related with the proximity sensor . it is located at the top right corner of your screen , outside of the touch area . if anything is blocking that sensor , the screen goes black . this happens to prevent the users face from touching anything on the screen during a call . what works for me , is either using the home button or the power button to bring the screen back on .
i did not realize you can change the account to use when uploading the file . i do not understand how i missed it , but here it is : given that the marked account value always changes back to the other account and i have to adjust it every time , i guess there is still merit in the question . but my problem was finding this ui item .
after searching a bit more , i found wake up screen . it might do what i want . i will try it out in a few days .
there is a free app called motionunlock , with it your tablet will sense when it is being picked up from a table , etc . . . and unlock automatically , being ready for use ! motionunlock - tablet wake up
i can only answer the bonus question : i think most of ' em are . i had the very first t-mobile g1 which did not have multi-touch support initially , but after half a year ( i am not 100% sure , but i recall it like this ) it got an update and had some multi-touch features . simple ones like image zooming , can not remember if the browser had , sorry . from than on , i think 2.2 definitely had a multi-touch browser out of the box , i never had 2.0-1 so do not know it for sure .
every phone have option to remove the pattern lock . go to the 1 . setting 2 . security 3 . screen lock 4 . click 5 . option coming ( none , pattern , pin , password ) . 6 . choose none option . then you have remove the pattern lock . in android every phone have same process . above answer is also correct . i have updated only how to remove pattern lock specifically .
in your phone go to the settings options and check for security settings and find key lock settings . you will have some options like pin , pattern , none . pin is for the phone will ask you for a 4-digit number to unlock your phone . pattern is for the phone will ask you to draw the pattern for the phone to unlock the phone . the pattern should be the same as the pattern you had set . choose none for the phone will not ask for any pattern or pin to unlock your phone . in this way you will be free of any hassles to unlock your phone .
you will want to use the wifi 's ssid and mac address as a trigger . when you create your profile you will go to state and select wifi connected . then you will see a magnifying glass next to ssid and mac . touching the magnifying glass will allow you to see the wifi networks currently in your area . you can add multiple ssid for a single task but then i am not sure how the mac addresses with interact with that . you might be able to see the wifi network it remembers but i am not 100% sure on that . after selecting the correct ssid and its corresponding mac address tasker now knows to trigger . by selecting the ssid and mac address is prevents tasker from triggering if you connect to another wifi address with the same ssid . i hope this help . since i am new and trying to build up rep please do not forget to select this as your answer if it works for you and to upvote it . thanks . if you have any issues please come back and ask more question but provide more info about the phone , android version and tasker version along with any other plugin you might have .
you should not need to uninstall anything . you just need to clear the default . go into your settings and the app manager . find the default video player . ( you will probably have to change your view from " downloaded " to " all " in order to find it . i expect it is called " video " or similar . ) in the settings for the app should be a button labeled " clear defaults " . tap that and remove the existing default settings for the app . now when you go back into opera and click a link it should prompt you again . be careful about that " make it the default " button .
trying uninstalling the opera browser :  Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage applications  and then reinstalling it . alternatively download a new web browser ( e . g . , dolphin ) and once that is installed , launch your video and it should give you the option of selecting opera as your default .
there is nothing which would prevent apps from modifying data files in-place . if they do not do so , then it is because the app developer decided so .
how to get into recovery mode unplug the usb cable . shut down the phone . hold down the ' home ' + ' volume up ' buttons and press the ' power ' button for about 5 seconds to enter recovery mode . how to get into download mode ( eg : for odin ) unplug the usb cable . shut down the phone . hold down the ' home ' + ' volume down ' buttons and press the ' power ' button for about 2 seconds until a warning ! screen appears . press the ' volume up ' button to enter download mode . to get out of download mode , simply press and hold the power button until the phone restarts .
depends on the other device . there must be an option for sharing the internet over bluetooth in other device 's bluetooth connection settings . if you turn it on , you can connect to internet on your android tablet .
the only way i have found is from the ugly old carousel . i keep a link to it accessible on my new launcher and go there to open a book or document . it is not as graceful as , say , a direct link to the book , but it works .
some versions of cyanogenmod have the “volume rocker” option in settings → display ; if this option is selected , volume buttons will wake up the phone . there are also other ways to get this behavior ( e . g . , the gravitybox module for xposed has the “volume rocker wake” option in the “navigation keys actions” screen ) .
check your device for unwanted applications . and also check your device administrator . remove any unwanted application from it .
it is a " permission and privacy " thing . while the .apk does not have any privacy concerns involved ( and thus can give read permission to everyone ) , the data do , and thus the directory is only readable by owner , group , and root ( not by " other " , which is what you would need -- " other " has only execute permissions ) . ls -l / | grep data drwxrwx--x 25 system system 4096 Jan 28 17:51 data  which means : specifying the file directly , you can pull it ( as it has the required file permissions , and the directory permits you to cd into due to the set execute bit ) . specifying the directory instead fails , as this would require to change ( cd ) into the directory ( which works ) and build a list of files contained -- which is impossible due to the missing read permission on the directory entry itself .
izzy 's answer is good and well explained . building on that , if you are root , you can open root explorer , navigate to /data/ and change the permissions on the app folder . simply long press the app , tap Permissions , and next to other , check the appropriate box ( es ) .
i am afraid not . these bundled apps are part of the rom image , so the app updates are part of the system update . when you install an update , it just copies the data wholesale into the phone 's system partition : it does not install apps one by one . for this reason , there is no way to filter out individual apps from the update . you can not even remove those files from the update image on your pc : removing files would make the update signature fail to match . the phone would detect this and not install the update . you just have to disable the bundled apps you do not want after each system update , or unlock your bootloader and install a custom rom .
you can simply install the golauncherex and then install the go switch widget . it is awesome and lets you control lot of other functionality other than tethering .
have a look at tethering widget . its a free widget with nice look . it can be used to enable/disable wifi and usb tethering as well . to add , press home button Menu | Add | Widget | Tethering (full) / Tethering (small) 
here http://www.androidpolice.com/2013/02/22/download-latest-google-play-store-3-10-14/ you will find download links to the play store in this site
enable adb over usb in settings of your android device . with this , you can already use most of the apps from market . in terminal in android device , type setprop service.adb.tcp.port 5555 most programs from market do only second . for first , they need root ( like adb over wifi widget ) .
on newer android versions ( around 4.0 or so , do not know exactly ) , you can do this without the need for a 3rd part app . first , enable wifi tethering , and connect your computer to the hotspot . next , go to Settings-&gt;Developer Options and check ADB over TCP/IP . now , you have to get your device 's local ip . all you have to do is open up terminal emulator , and enter the netcfg command . look for the line that has ' wifi ' in it , and look to the far right - you should see an ip address . this is your device 's local ip . now just go to your computer , and type : adb connect &lt;devices local IP&gt; into a terminal .
the adb over wifi widget works over mobile ap connections , though it does require root . you had need to install it , place the widget on one of your home screens , and then tap it to turn on wireless adb connections . the widget should then show the ip you need to connect to ( ex : in my case it was 192.168.43.1 ) and the port to use ( mine was 8000 , but this is configurable ) . on your pc you then need to run : adb connect &lt;ip&gt;:&lt;port&gt;  so again using my device as an example , i used : adb connect 192.168.43.1:8000 
if you can get the device to boot to fastboot then you can " fix " a brick . i have " soft bricked " my devices many times . samsung has " download mode " , basically their version of fastboot . if you have an image that you can flash , you can recover . the same goes for the nexus 7 . if you have an image , which google provides because they are " developer " devices ( as well as consumer ) . the term " brick " is used very loosely and does not mean what it meant back in the winmo days . when you bricked your winmo phone it was as useful as a paperweight . the only true bricks i have ever seen is when something fails in the hardware . anything else that i have seen there is still a way to get to recovery , fastboot , download mode , etc . if you can get in to any of those you are golden .
i recently ran into this issue with my phone after downloading a battery saver app that i noticed had turned sync off after i had uninstalled the app . i read through all the comment answers above and no one came close to the stock rom 4.2 's data sync setup . in the ( current at time of post ) latest version of android the "Accounts &amp; Sync" has been removed and all accounts are inline in the settings ListView . individual accounts will only let you sync now , there is no option to "Turn Sync on" or "Auto Sync" my setup : verizon galaxy nexus android 4.2.2 stock rom build number : jdq39 what i did to resolve : go to settings -> data usage -> menu -> click auto-sync data
on stock android 4.2.2 on my galaxy nexus i had the same problem of gmail notifications not working . i checked that in settings> data usage " auto sync " was turned on . then i went to settings> accounts> google , hit the email address and you see everything that is being synced or not . weirdly for me it gmail sync was inactive after i had recently updated my rom . this should take care of this problem .
without finding a way of doing this i ended up bluetoothing all the contacts from the old handset across ( a samsung b2100 ) . would be nice to find more information about this buggy/broken feature on the s3 .
you can root your device without replacing the stock recovery or rom . however , if you ever want to flash a different rom you will need to flash another recovery like clockworkmod or twrp . you can even run the stock rom with a 3rd party recovery but you most likely will not be able to take ota os updates since those require the stock recovery .
you can try pressing the power button and the home button at the same time .
no - there is no way to get screenshot functionality on your phone without rooting it . if you want to carry around a laptop with you just so you can take a screengrab whenever you want , you can install the jdk and hook it up via usb . but if you want an experience comparable to the iphone process ( on device screenshotting ) , then you will have to root . as to why this is disabled by default , i have not found a good answer to that .
this functionality is available with the developer toolkit . the post is a bit old so newer versions of android will have different icons and slightly different menus , but it walks you through getting the tools installed and then being able to capture screen-shots . also the tutorial is for windows , but it should work with any os that you get the android dev tools running on ( windows , mac os x , and linux ) . how to take screenshots of your android based phone from windows
you cannot download apps from the market without an account associated with your device . the only way to get apps without the market ( or an alternative market ) is to get it directly from the developer and " side-load " it .
short answer : you cannot . any app that you download through google 's android market requires a google account . there are some alternative markets for android out there . check out amazon 's appstore and slideme . org for example . you may find some of the apps you are interested in there .
google has no way of distinguishing between software that is free but licensed and freeware that has no restrictions ( though they could enforce some sort of selection for licence type on upload if they wanted , of course ) . there is no way ( without hacking , presumably ) to download apps from the market without logging in . there is nothing to stop an app maker from providing an alternate download , though .
the specs say that it supports otg 2.0 , but it does not work .
appears to be a sprint issue - call quality 's good again today . the lesson here is that there is always more to call quality than cell signal bars .
success ! i had the same exact problem on my nexus 4 , and all it took to get mine working was a forced shutdown , and starting it up again . for the nexus 4 , that is simply : hold down the power button for about 10 seconds ( the phone will shut down ) hold down the power button for about 2 seconds ( the phone will start up ) mine ran through the same " optimizing app x of y " that it had before , but seemed to do so faster than it had the first time , and then actually finished booting . when i went to check if android runtime was still chosen , it was not - it had failed back to dalvik , which is where it is going to stay on my phone for now .
as " art " versus " dalvik " is a setting the user can switch , a factory-reset should restore its previous ( default ) state – in this case , revert it to " dalvik " . reportedly , the following steps solved the issue in this case : complete wipe , including dalvik cache and data ( can be done from recovery-mode , and is equivalent to a factory-reset ) re-flashing the rom ( imho an optional step , as the previous one should suffice ) remark : there is a good reason that switch is a little hidden ; art is still " experimental " , and not intended for " everyday use " . it was placed with the developer 's options just to give developers a way to already test their apps for compatibility .
well , i will answer to help anyone else . i still cannot get to recovery with only the device , but i was able to reboot into recovery and successfully root the device by using " adb reboot recovery " from the command line on my pc while the galaxy tab was attached to usb .
if you built the image yourself then google 's proprietary apps would not have been included as they are not open source . the easiest way to get them is probably to just use the cyanogenmod9 gapps package , which can be downloaded here ( top of the table ) . if you have a custom recovery image then you can simply install the . zip file from your recovery , otherwise you will have to manually install each of the files in the . zip ( they have a folder structure that mimics your device ) . the reason why the web market is not working is because it tries to use c2dm to push the app to the device , but this requires the market app to be installed on the device . you cannot download the . apk from the market manually .
you can use any ordinary microphone that uses unbalanced connectors with suitable adaptors like this 3,5mm one . however , the resulting quality will depend on the dacs of the device and the application used , an external mic can only do so much .
you do not need an official " skin " . you just need to figure out what screen dimensions and memory capacity the device you want to test has and create a deployment target file .
i am pretty certain it is an illegal service that is pirating apps ( not to mention spamming all comments of apps to check out their service ) . do not support their piracy , it hurts us developers .
interesting question . nowhere on their site do they mention how a developer would go about listing their application . they only have 968 apps and their twitter feed claims they are apps that are not available elsewhere . they explicitly state their support for the pirate party and then talk about the " crack " that they are using , while others are accusing them of piracy outright . i think that all the signs point to one conclusion . update ( 22nd august 2012 ) : appbucket 's domain has been seized by the fbi as part of crackdown on app piracy .
there is a thread on the android market itself about appbucket and a developer named kevinbaker claims his app is available from them and he receives nothing . he even posted an email he sent to them and their response is unbelievable . it looks to be illegal to me . . .
as far as i know the stylus used with the galaxy note is special and works only with this particular device , so using that input method with different phones would mean to use the finger instead . having tried the handwriting recognition of the note i found that it is not quite as good as it seemed on first glance and i went back to using " graffiti for android " which i had already been using for the google nexus one . on the galaxy note it also works with the stylus but the recognition rate using the finger is also quite good .
the " graffiti " writing technology from the old palmos devices is available for android now , and supports letter at a time text input with a stylus ( or presumably a finger ) . graffiti for android . however , something like diopen or penreader seems to be more what you are after . they both have very mixed reviews , and do seem to be better on some devices than others , and take some getting used to .
from ics onwards , go to Settings-> Security-> Trusted credentials .
on ics or later you can check this in your settings . go to Settings-&gt;Security-&gt;Trusted Credentials to see a list of all your trusted cas , separated by whether they were included with the system or installed by the user . earlier versions of android keep their certs under /system/etc/security in an encrypted bundle named cacerts.bks which you can extract using bouncy castle and the keytool program . the summary is to first pull the bundle using adb ( you need a root shell ) then you can use bouncy castle to list the contents of the bundle : there is also at least one app that you can try if you had prefer not to use the shell : cacertman ( requires root to modify the list , but should allow you to view the list without root ) . i believe it came about due to the diginotar fiasco since there were no particularly easy ways for a user to revoke the cert at the time . since the certs are stored differently on ics and later this app will only work on devices running gingerbread ( or earlier ) , but it is obsolete on ics/jb anyway .
i once got that on my xperia phone when i was transferring a 150 mb file over bluetooth . some things you can try : try transferring another file . if it transfers , send the other file . if your phone is too close to the other device try moving your phone away from it . turn off bluetooth , then turn it back on . pair the device ( s ) with the phone .
open google maps and search for the area you want to cache ( or just zoom in on it ) . tap the search bar . type " okay maps " ( some people report success with just " ok maps" ) in the search bar . tap the search icon you will be dropped back at the maps view , and you will see a notification that the area was copied to your clipboard or otherwise cached . now , even offline you will still be able to zoom down to the same level you were at on that map area .
you might want to take a look at little helpers like e.g. mapson free : offline map : offline gps travel maps . cache maps to sd card and use them when traveling without network coverage . this one fills gmaps ' map cache ( at least it did before it was renamed ; the current screenshots confuse me a little concerning whether that was changed , but it is certainly worth a try with the free version ; if that works out , you can still decide whether to " go pro" ) .
the best free offline ( google ) maps is ( rmaps ) . first , you will need to download mobile atlas creator version 1.8 , which allows you to download google maps of anywhere and any size , on your pc . unlimited . note : select map source ( google maps ) . zoom level ( 17 is good for cities ) . atlas settings ( format : rmaps sqlite ) . then create it . then , insall ( rmaps ) on phone . copy-paste the saved maps to phone memory &gt; rmaps &gt; maps . then , open rmaps &gt; settings &gt; user defined maps &gt; select the maps . it works great . i have all europe ( google maps ) saved on my phone . enjoy !
update : apparently there was enough of a hue and cry about it that they have added a button , although " ok maps " will still work . not the same as the old offline maps , but better than nothing i suppose . having come under fire for ( mostly ) removing the option to save offline maps in its new android app , google has pushed a new update that makes it easier for users to save local areas to their device . in a post on google+ , the company notes that its " engineering team has been working around the clock " to add a " make this map area available offline " card inside the app , mimicking the functionality of the ' ok maps " command . ( source : the verge ) at least i am not the only one who regrets the removal of this feature . the other problem with the redesign is that google ( mostly ) removed the option to save offline maps — a feature that was only a year old to begin with . power users still have a way to cache maps locally , however . daniel graf , director for google maps , tells us that the company 's engineers were just as unhappy with the loss of the feature as we were , so they built an easter egg . when you type in " ok maps " ( or " okay maps " ) into the search box , it will save a cached version of the visible map area locally . it is not as convenient or manageable as proper offline maps , but at least it is an option — assuming you remember it is there . ( source : the verge )
could it be , that for some reason--aliens , loch ness , etc . --that some of the apps have " show notifications " checkbox unchecked ? to check , go to settings-> aps-> whatever sms app and see if you have a show notifications checked . also , have you tried using hangouts as a replacement for texting ?
my guess would be , yes , they will work . as you know , when you develop an app you select the target android build for your app , which is the lowest version of android your app is " supposed " to work with . that being the case , your apps are targeted for 4.3 and should easily work on 4.4.2 . likewise , if you targeted 2.3 ( as many devs do ) your apps should still work . it is not guaranteed , of course , but i think you will be fine . as a side note , my galaxy note 2 recently received the new update and i have not had any issues with apps that were installed on my phone , and i am fairly certain they have not all been updated for kitkat .
there is no gurantee that they will work , but api compatibility when upgrading is a standing tenet of android . the odds are very high ( above 90% ) that they will work no problem . in the end , whether they work or not depends on you , as the developer . as an android developer , you should probably read the documentation released with new api 's for the features and methods you use . one way or another , you may need to upgrade to 4.4 as soon as you can - in order to address potential bugs that may pop up for your users .
yes , you need root : the only way i have personally seen to accomplish this without root is to basically have some sort of proxy server-esque application on your computer that communicates with an app on your phone using adb 's port forwarding . it is not especially reliable from what i have tested out ( we were looking for a solution like this for a client at work ) , but you can give it a shot . you can take a look at this app/thread on xda , or this codeproject page for a start , although i am not sure that either of them provides truly transparent internet passthrough .
a raw native process can be created by any of the usual unix-like mechanisms . an android activity or service is usually forked off by zygote ( in response to an intent ) , but i think there is an obscure way to start a vm by hand using app_process .
" dialer codes " are divided into multiple categories : ussd and supplementary service codes : network specific , should work on any device ( "device independent" ) manufacturer specific codes : specific to devices of a given manufacturer device-specific codes : as the name says , specific to a given device system-specific codes : specific to a given device configuration what you are facing , most likely belongs to one of the last two categories . the galaxy phones come in different variants : area-specific ones , and international versions . so those can be counted as different devices , or at least different systems , as they not only have slight differences in their hardware , but most likely also different modifications in their software ; hence at least not all " sytem-specific codes " will work on all the different " variants " .
you have your answer directly on the link : " only a few are working " .
you should not trust such a list of secret codes , as izzy mentionned . if you want to have a valid list of secret codes available on your device , you should use an automated secret codes crawler . i recently developped an open source app that crawls androidmanifest . xml files on your device to found secret codes , and allows you to execute the secret codes available on your device . you can get it on the play store or on the github repository android-secret codes . but keep in mind that sometimes , secret codes are just executing themselves silently ( without visual hint )
no , official or custom firmware are only to be used with the device specified in its name using a different phone model may result in your hard bricking your phone is there a reason why you want to use a different phone model firmware over your own ?
gallery data may not be the main matter . the cache and ram have to be cleared . just see that ram is at least 40% free . uninstall / clear unwanted apps .
just go to settings --> more --> storage --> miscellaneous --> delete all data by check all file . before you delete all miscellaneous data make sure you had move the important file to external memory or pc . hope it helped : )
i was facing the same issue after the 4.2.2 feb 6 , 2014 update . did a factory reset and i am able to run applications now . the dialing and answering the call problem is resolved , but on the whole , the mobile still lags .
i was able to fix up the issue by clearing gallery data . go to settings --> more --> application manager --> all applications --> gallery --> . . . here you will see data reported in hunderds of mbs . press clear data button and once that is complete , you phone should be back to normal .
rename the file with an extension of . crt and place it in your sd card /download folder . put the sd card back into your device ( or remount it , if internal ) and navigate to settings > security and privacy > install certificate from sd card . hopefully that ought to do the trick , else try this online certificate installer tool - it gives you a link that you can navigate to using the android web browser and install the certificate .
see if you still have available memory in your storage . shark for root will not record any packets if your device has insufficient memory .
seems dhcp is not enabled on wifi router , you may need to ask others to obtain dns address , to connect to internet , dns info is required as well
you can ruin the processor , your data , and possibly your skin ( ouch ! ) . according to " risks of overclocking your cpu " [ aimed at desktop pcs ] , the risks include : success : the processor may overclock perfectly , and run stably for many years to come . there are thousands of people who have done this , and i am certainly not going to deny it . this is the best case outcome . immediate destruction : it is possible to totally destroy a processor by attempting to overclock it . by destruction , i mean that the processor will not boot at the higher speed , and when returned to its normal speed , will continue to not function . this is basically the worst case outcome . this sort of permanent failure is very rare , but it does happen . it is made more likely by using inadequate cooling , and also by being ridiculously aggressive in how far you try to overclock ( i.e. . , trying to run a pentium 75 at 166 mhz . ) non-functionality : the processor may not work at the new speed , but may work fine when returned to its original speed . this is a fairly common outcome when overclocking , and in most cases the processor will not be any the worse for wear . system instability : the processor may boot at the new speed , but you may see the system behave strangely . random hard lockups , parity errors , resource conflicts , strange hard disk problems , beeping , application crashes and [ your os ] refusing to boot are just the tip of the iceberg . particularly insidious are the overclocks that work almost perfectly , because that occasional crash may be due to your operating system , but it may be due to that overclocked chip also . electromigration : when the processor is run at a speed that is higher than it is supposed to be run at , there is a chance that the internal components in the processor may break down over time . the internal features of a cpu are sized in the range of microns . it is possible that when the processor is stressed by running at too high a frequency , along with the extra heat that overclocking incurs , that the actual metal lines inside the processor may form shorts or opens and damage the processor over a period of time . how likely this is to happen , and how long it takes is really not known . the system may work fine for a while and then suddenly stop working . and do not forget that higher speeds means higher heat -- your tiny pocket-sized squeeze-asmuch-as-possible-into-this-small-area has very little in the way of cooling fins . speed it up , and you might overheat . probably will not burn a hole in your pants , though . however , accordin to " big lou " @ modern processors are not harmed by overclocking . you are not altering the voltage , just the multiplier . if anything , the droid will not boot or may act funny , but once you revert back to a slower clock speed , it will be fine ( and that is for higher speeds , mind you ) . anything up to 1.3 is tested to work fine on the droid . heat may rise but the omap3 is rated to around 200 degrees fahrenheit . you will not be getting anywhere near that , and in case you do , you can always set setcpu to roll back the clock speed automatically . ymmv . note how the original text refers to 75 mhz pentiums . ha-hah-ha . this post @ overclockers . com covers the setcpu app , which can adjust speed vs battery performance , start times for clock boosting , etc .
it is maybe because you ave a google talk session opened : it is the same for me , for day , i have looking for what " ring " like that and do not display any informations . . .
also , if you have sms delivery receipts turned on - an alert is sounded when the recipient gets yr message .
there is a chinese file inside the folder and is app-specific , as suggested by @izzy .
you can : during the registration process , insert a phone number of your property . wait until whatsapp tells you to manually input the code you should have received via sms at the number you had selected . once you have completed these steps , you will be able to use your whatsapp account from your phone using wifi connection . if you could not verify your number , follow the official guide provided by whatsapp . if you are told that it can not connect to your wi-fi , click here to see the related article on the whatsapp faq .
yes you can if you still have contacts in your mobile and already registered on whatsapp with a number .
usually recent versions of android handles these network switching automatically . when you are connected to wifi , your content would be streamed via wifi connection . you can confirm this the mobile network symbol - h/h+/e/4g would not be available in the status bar of the mobile . usually , android manages wifi and mobile network automatically , i.e. , when both wifi and mobile internet is enabled and if wifi is avaialble , mobile internet is not used . when u leave the wifi network , you would get connected via mobile data . hope this helps : )
okay so after alot of research on xda i have finally fixed my phone . thanks for answering my questions sparks ! soo what i did was i deleted cache partitions and did a factory reset through cwm and i also deleted dalvik cache . then i put the new rom onto an external sd card and flashed it on my phone through cwm and now i have mr . x 's gingerbread . but sadly my phone is no longer unlocked so now i have to figure that out : ( if anyone has the same problem and uses this fix , i suggest using mr . x because his os is already rooted so it saves you the time . oh and btw i did get to keep my pictures : ) . also to anyone who does any type of flashing or anything through cwm make sure you make a nandroid backup before you do anything ! ! ! heres the link for mr . x 's gingerbread already rooted for samsung t989 telus : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1356739
wiping or performing a factory reset via cwm should not touch any of the data on the internal sd card . however , performing a factory reset from within the android settings will wipe all personal data on the sd card . use odin to flash a stable version of either the stock rom or one designed especially for your device . that should at least allow you to boot the phone normally .
i solved installing hackers keyboard of android market .
i solved this problem with this app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=upsoft.keyboard.qwertz.de qwertz keyboard with key ' z ' on the ' z'place and key ' y ' on the ' y ' place , but it is only for german and austria
i had this problem recently and was finally able to figure it out . . . your keyboard is set on quertz ( with a z ) . . . change it on your settings " keyboard and languages " to querty ( with a y ) . that will fix the problem . good luck ! ! !
i had the same issue , and solved it by doing this : open keyboard and click the settings icon click input language uncheck any languages you do not need this fixed the problem for me .
had the same problem . go to settings -> applications -> manage applications -> all -> your keypad ( samsung keypad for me ) . force stop and then clear data . solved the issue for me .
are the y and z keys switched ? it sounds as if you have the wrong language set for your keyboard ( or your system , as it defaults to the systems language ) . some european keyboard layouts , possibly german , have a qwertz layout instead . settings > language and input > android keyboard ( settings icon ) > input languages
i solved this problem here in the uk by changing language to english ( ireland ) keyboard was fine and the mic icon said en again too not de which it had changed itself to . after that i changed bk to uk and it was fine too . weird glitch .
firstly you’ll need a copy of the official google play store apk file to install on your device . you can download this on your pc and move it over to your handset or download it directly onto your handset , in which case it will appear in your download folder . either way is fine . you can download it from here . get latest version from it . you’ll need to enable the installation of external apk files before you can install the play store file . this is done by checking the “unknown sources” box in your devices settings , which will allow you to install apps from unvetted sources , in other words from outside of the play store . this option can usually be found under settings > security , but may also appear under settings > applications on certain devices . you can always uncheck the box again after installing the play store . you go to path where you store google play store apk adnd then tap on it to install it and you are done .
google support offers some online guides . at present , the devices listed under jelly bean are : xoom galaxy nexus nexus s nexus 4 nexus 7 nexus 10
here 's the nexus 7 user guide in pdf format . since it was the first device to launch with jelly bean and is not hampered by manufacturer/carrier customizations , it is as close to a pure jelly bean user guide as there is .
when you first activate an android phone , there is a short tutorial that walks you through the home screen , adding icons/widgets to the home screen , navigating the home screen , etc . on stock android , there is also a helpful widget on the homescreen . for many phones , there is a small booklet ( often called the manual ) in the box when you purchase the device . these booklets can also be found online , for example some popular android 4.0 devices : galaxy nexus user guide , or galaxy s3 , or htc incredible . you can find manuals for your device by browsing the manufacturer 's website or googling for " ( device name ) manual " or " ( device name ) user guide " . manufacturer websites also typically have a knowledge base , support center , etc . for instance , htc support center for desire x or samsung support for galaxy note . finally , there are also android stackexchange and other android-related forums which contain lots of helpful people willing to answer your questions . if you are still unclear on anything specific , ask away !
there is always the complete android guide , a pdf/ wiki /book created by long-time lifehacker editor kevin purdy .
set up a child account on the device , this is pretty simple , there is an overview of that process here . you do not to sign the child in using a google account , it lets you skip these steps . assuming you want your kids to be able to download any apps you have already paid for , or want to be able to download any apps you buy them , sign into the play store on the child account using your main account 's credentials , it is probably worth also choosing not to sync all of the main account 's emails/contacts/etc . across at this point . you can then add a pin to the play store so that they can not buy anything with your details and also choose the maturity rating of the content they see , this will not affect the settings of the main account 's play store on the device despite the fact you are using the same google account on the store . from this your kids can access all your already paid for applications but thanks to the pin will not be spending any of your money , at least not without your knowledge , and you have not had to sign them up for a google account . any apps that they download also are not automatically put into your main accounts app list so you do not have to worry about them downloading a load of games and it filling your home screen a la ipad/iphone style . the downside to this approach is that your kids will be able to read your gmail , see your calender and contacts etc . a good solution to this is an app locker which restricts them from using these applications . i tested app lock and it seemed to do the job well . if you do not mind your kids not being able to download apps you have already paid for on your account and are not bothered about not being able to access any games you buy them then i think it would be worth signing up for a new main google account and adding your credit card details to this . you could then sign onto the child 's play store using this new account , set up the pin same and maturity in the same way as the last approach but this time you will not have to worry about them seeing your emails or any other information that is linked to your main account . for both of these approaches if you download an application on the child 's account with your main account selected in the store but have added the child 's email as well and then switched back to this on the store after the download the app will remain on the device and still be usable . if you want any more information , clarification or screenshots just say in the comments and i will add it or test it out if i have not already .
if you are happy to root your tablet , you can use multi-user app share . with this , purchase/install all apps for the tablet as the administrator user , then you can choose which of these apps is available to other users . this way , you do not need to set up an email address for each child , and the child will never have access to your account . if you give the child an email address in due course , then ( s ) he can access his/her emails without seeing yours . warning : multi-user app share is currently in beta .
if your children use your google account , you could install some kind of app locker to stop them opening the gmail app and reading your emails . the newer google play versions also allow you to apply a pin to purchases - which would probably be handy in this place . if they use your google account , they will have access to all the apps that you have purchased , but if they do not then they will have to be purchased again . if you do not want to use your email address/google account for your children , then you would have to make them one , if they were to use google play . you could keep the passwords , and install an app locker to prevent the gmail app from opening . the only issue with them having their own accounts would be that you would have to re-buy apps for their accounts . for your number 2 point , you can have an unlimited number of devices with a single google account - it will not remove apps from your phone , but it may download apps if they are backed up . to counteract this , you will have to make sure you untick the ' restore data from this google account ' option when setting up the google account .
another alternative if you have a rooted device , or are willing to root it , is appshare ( + ) . ( full disclosure : i am the developer ) . it mimics the method that google uses to enable/disable apps on a user account . you can install it on your primary account , and then select which of your apps you had like to " share " ( enable ) with each of your kids ' accounts . you also have the ability to " unshare " ( disable ) system or user apps . so you could remove the gmail app , or even the play store app , to prevent your kids from getting at stuff that you would not want them to . i have found that this works best when you remove system apps from a " fresh " user – i.e. one that has not had a google account set up on it yet . for paid apps however , you may – depending on how their licencing works – have to add the google account that you used to purchase the app , to the user that you wish to share the paid app with in order for it to work . the play store description explains what can be done , and some of the limitations , in more detail .
try hacker 's keyboard , it has a tab key , at least in the layouts i use . the keyboard can be pretty space-consuming on smaller screens , so be warned .
if you have a device with a d-pad like the droid it will allow you to jump from element to element on a website like the tab button on a computer keyboard . i believe the devices with a trackball like the n1 also allow this . i have seen some apps that offer an on screen " virtual " d-pad but i can not seen to find them now .
i think you are referring to a hack commonly known as " apps-to-sd " ( a . k.a. " apps2sd " or " a2sd " on some forums ) . this is where you re-partition your sd card to have an ext2/3/4 partition after the main fat32 one , and then use a custom rom/kernel combination that allow moving certain parts of os to that partition . namely , all 3rd-party downloaded apps , phone 's cache , and in some cases app data and dalvik-cache . also keep in mind that as with all custom roms and kernels , this needs to be built for a specific device , so you will need to find a rom with built-in apps-to-sd support for your specific handset . this trick does free up a portion of internal memory for use as ram . however , as with most such solutions there are many cons to be aware of . sd card needs to be re-partitioned in a very particular way ( data will be lost during partitioning , so back it up . ) speed rating of the sd card will play a large role in the system 's overall performance and stability . slower cards will cause delays in apps starting up , for example . the phone will not be able to function if you remove the sd card , since the 2nd ext partition is now used by the phone as if it was part of its internal memory . extra wear and tear on the sd card from excessive writes . unlike the eprom in flash memory , the sd cards are not really designed for many write cycles , so as time goes on you will find the card wearing out sooner than usual . device will not be as stable . you may see anr ( application not responding ) messages more often , as even the fastest sd cards are still much slower than the internal flash memory . data corruption on the sd card is a real issue , and can render your phone inoperable , requiring a complete re-flashing of the rom and loss of all data . so have recent backups always , and preferably not on the sd card itself .
the charging coil is embedded into the back panel of the phone and is located directly over the battery , as shown in steps 7 and 8 of ifixit is teardown . the battery is not quite non-replaceable , as the above mentioned teardown shows . it is somewhat involved to replace it ( you will need a torx screwdriver , a philips screwdriver , a plastic opening tool , and some patience ) , but it is perfectly doable . if you are wanting something that will work for sure , the official wireless charger would probably be your best bet . however , it is not exactly cheap at $50 . i personally use this charger with my galaxy s3 , which i added a wireless receiver to . i find it works well and charges right through my lifeproof case .
whilst the play store icon is still available , it does not seem to work on a restricted profile - pressing it on my nexus 7 results in : you do not have permission to use google play store . note that google play store does not even appear in the list of apps you can enable . the settings app is still there , as it allows the user to force stop running apps , etc .
check the adw launcher . an open desktop , lots of functionalities ( does not replace the notification bar as it is an integral part of the system
that is the stock recovery screen . when you are on that screen ( with the ' dead ' android ) you need to hold the power button and then press the volume up button . that should get you into the recovery . if you install a custom recovery then you will not see this screen , it will go straight into the custom recovery . unless you need to install a custom recovery you can use your phone with the stock recovery .
try disabling " noise cancellation " on your device .
i got this problem also on my ( in the mean while old ) s2 there is a connector of the speaker in your phone who is not connected anymore check youtube movies how to open your phone ( not so difficult with correct tools ) and connect this connector to the main pcb
i finally found the solution ( actually i even had left it behind . . . ) . sometime after i posted this question i create another folder and after a while it began to have the same problem . today i realized that both folder had one common caracteristic : they contained characters beyond the basic ascii table ( one was called " músicas " and the other , " vídeos " . when i renamed them ( "musicas " and " videos " , respectively ) , the issue was solved .
did you have the required baseband and did you use cwm recovery to install the zip file ? if yes , flash the stock rom again and root the phone , intall cwm and install v2 zip file first and then v2.5 . i have been using cosmic rom v2.5 from the past one month and do not have any issues . you seem to be having issues only because of some goof up during installation . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2503230 he has given the . bin file for the supported baseband . flash it via odin .
under settings , wi-fi , , modify network , advanced options , ip settings , you should have a choice of static or dhcp . choosing static adds input boxes for ip address , gateway , network prefix , and dns . if you do not have this , i suggest trying a third-party app such as wifi manager . finally , if you are really talking about where in the filesystem this is stored , it is in /data/misc/wifi/ipconfig.txt , and is managed by the WifiConfigStore class . this is not a public api and is only used from class WifiStateMachine . however , you can find out the format of this file by viewing the source : wificonfigstore . java .
at the top of your email you will have star , reply , forward and the 3 dots . underneath that you will have from who , then the time , and to : . on the same line where is shows ( to : ) there is arrow pointing down , click on that and it will expand and show from and reply-to full address . should have no problem seeing ending of addresses now . good luck !
it looks like you can type a few letters of domain name that you want after a space to get other addresses filtered out . in general , you can type several parts of a email address separating them by spaces to find only contacts that contain all specified parts . for example , if you have the following email addresses in your contacts : john.doe@home.com john.doe@work.com john.smith@home.com john.smith@work.com  than you can type something like john.d w or j doe w or even j d w to get only the first one in the auto completion popup .
your gps is nothing more than a precise clock , passively receiving signals . there is , unfortunately , nothing to calibrate . source if you had like , consider going to the problem locations with an app such as " gps test " to view the internals of your phone 's gps to try and understand the problem , although there is not much you can do about it .
you can use the gps status app to tell you exactly what your device 's gps is doing . it will tell you things like your current gps calculated position and the accuracy of that position ( in the error field ) . it may be that at times your device 's gps is not getting a good lock , maybe one that is only accurate to 30m ( which is what mine 's reporting curretly in a built up area , and would explain a 100ft altitude error ) and the apps you are using are not taking into account the accuracy of the current fix . also if you are out exercising in the countryside , your phone will not be able to take advantage of the closely packed cell towers and nearby wifi points that it uses to assist the gps in urban areas . you should also be aware that the altitude accuracy of a gps unit is normally much less accurate than the horizontal accuracy , this is a problem inherent in gps , particularly with the cheaper gps chips used in phones as opposed to those used in dedicated gps units like your garmin , see gps altitude readout > how accurate ? .
most superuser apps do not allow adb su access by default . depending on the app you used the option may vary in location , but basically you need to go to settings in the superuser app and change it from " apps only " to " apps and adb . " this should allow you to use su in an adb shell .
but i am not using p2p ! => p2p in this context is not meant in the sense of " peer-to-peer file sharing " . it is a type of socket communication -- think of it as " point-to-point": one point is your device , the other might be the/your router where it should connect to . the error message you quoted can be found in the android code of wifi/wifi . c , in a part suggesting it is a wpa issue ( i am not an android programmer , so i cannot tell for sure ) . your problem was e.g. also reported in a german post at androidpit ( google-translated variant ) . the reporter there found an easy solution : resetting the router solved it for him . in case this does not work for you , more information might be found using this google search .
this looks like a server-side problem to me- you might want to ask this on on stackexchange-url you really should shorten your urls server-side , because your users are most likely not going to install a separate application just to scan your qr codes . here are a few links to get you started : http://budurl.com/page/what-is-budurl http://bitly.com/pro/help#shortdomain http://yourls.org/
try scanlife qr code reader . i think it may help you .
almost all file manager apps support renaming extensions . install one from play store . some best ones are : solid explorer , es file explorer , astro file manager , root explorer .
night clock works well for me ( screenshot below ) , and there are probably plenty of others in the market . a search for " big clock " turns up a fair number of hits that seem relevant .
i would recommend setting up a separate google account for using the play store , which you use only for that purpose . this is more generally a useful , if insufficient response to a lot of google 's connect-everything strategy .
no , there is no other way . you must have a gmail account to download from google play store . from their site : to use google play to download android apps , you will need to have a google account with a google email ( either gmail or a google-hosted domain ) associated with your phone or tablet . if you do not like gmail , you do not have to use it . just disable the syncing for emails , and you will be fine .
there is 1mobile.com. i install this to get most of my apks . then , i delete it because it is like goo play and wants to run all the time . if i want another apk , i reinstall it , get the app , and uninstall . then , there is also : gooapk .netgizom 's appsapk papk apktop etc gooapk should keep you busy for a day or two . i am getting a divorce from googirl myself . and " oh looky " , a sign-in with googirl for posting on a how to not use googirl blog . awesome !
no ; a device-side app can not force the pc to share its internet connection . one option might be to connect the device and mount the storage to the pc , so the data could be uploaded to a website or emailed . this has its own issues -- depending on the pc os and the particular phone , drivers might be needed -- but it should work in some cases .
the easiest way : if you had rather not receive notifications , you can disable some or all of them . here 's how : click ' settings ' at the top of your friends list . highlight ' notifications ' along the left side of the settings window . uncheck the boxes next to the notifications you do not wish to receive , or check the box next to ' disable all notifications . ' click ' ok . ' source : https://support.google.com/talk/answer/24742?hl=en alternative methods : if you are running jelly bean , you can go to the app details , disable the app and uncheck the option to show notifications . click here to see how . if not , you can do one of the following things : root : root your phone and install titanium backup . you can uninstall google talk so it will not bother you again . non-root : delete the app by running an update script which removes the app . click here to view how exactly . you should only delete the /system/app/Talk.APK .
sounds like a hardware problem to me , like the internal power supply . fixing would probably require a change of the logic board . if the device is still under warranty , i would just return it as defective .
in the android terminal , you can enter the command mount to view what has been mounted . for a graphical extended view and to view if it gets mounted at boot , you can install the shareware app ezymount .
android has many apps that run either in background ( such as accuweather daemon ) or only appear as widgets ( for example typoclock ) . since these two apps do not need the user to open them from the launcher , they do not add an icon to it . the same happens with live wallpapers . if you use a root explorer or another root app that will let you see all the installed apps , you will see that the list is higher than the apps that appear in the launcher .
there is no official upgrade to 2.2 for x8 xperia , wikipedia says . you can install a third-party rom , though -- it seems the latest cyanogenmod 7.1 is available for this device . which is even better , considering that rom is based on gingerbread 2.3 instead of froyo .
peculiar . on my gs3 on 4.1.1 , it saves the font size ( i.e. . after closing and opening it again , it is the same size as i set it with the volume key . this may wipe your messages ( find a way to back them up if you had like them ) , but have you tried clearing the messaging app 's data in application manager -> all ?
you could perhaps download a font from the google play store ? i have seen some fonts packs up there . e.g. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.develop.plugin.fontfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswyldesimnvbs5kzxzlbg9wlnbsdwdpbi5mb250il0 . some of these will more than likely require your device be rooted . or you can change the size of your phone 's font . to do that go to settings\display\font , you should be ably to manipulate the font . was not much to go on so i hope this helps .
just had the same issue on a note 3 . i was resizing the font by " pinching " the screen . it would not save ; i am stuck with the huge font . so , i used the size volume key instead to resize the font . now , everything works fine .
i have a gs4 vers . 4.3 i had the same problem . but the use of the volume key solves my issue . resized using volume key while in the messaging mode . viola !
i notice this annoyance too . looks like the best solution is to enable volume key text resizing , and leave it enabled . once you disable it , the messages app resets the text size to the huge ( on the galaxy note , that is ) font/bubble size . this will not be noticeable on other phones ; the real cause is that the gnote is big , which is what all gnote owners like about it . : )
these things helped a lot : looking at which apps drained the most power . performance improved a lot after uninstalling facebook and a few other apps i had downloaded over time . upgrading to cyanogenmod 10.1-m3 helped . they fixed a nasty memory leak , which probably accounted for parts of my issues . a little before the first 10.1-rc candidates , the cm team tweaked memory settings that had changed without warning in one of the releases . if you are running low on storage , you might want to run fstrim /data on a root shell . it seems to be a technical limitation of ssds when they are low on space .
are you using google navigation ? search by voice speak your destination instead of typing ( english only ) : " navigate to the de young museum in san francisco " .
there is a new app in the market called " google voice text reader " or " txt2speech " . this will read your google voice text messages aloud . unlike " talkback " , it will not announce every single touch / event etc that happens on your phone , just your google voice messages . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.mikesell.voicereader
you can not do this with google voice . apps such as talkback can only read what you have on your input box . since google did not open their api , we can not really make an app for google voice . you could always copy the message content to your input box but that kind of defeats the purpose of having the feature of text-to-speech .
if in your settings for google voice , you enable the feature to have your voicemail translated to text , then you have the option to : send an e-mail notifying you when you get a text or voice mail , then your reader will read your e-mail notifications and you will get your google voice messages and text read to you .
if you have a stock android phone , or certain more recent versions ( i think gingerbread on ) , then you can use talkback ( either as a separate app or in the accessibility settings ) , which does generic text reading on your phone , and should read most things . it does read any notifications which come through , which should include google voice ( though i am in the uk so i can not actually test this ) . it is designed for blind or partially sighted people , and may not be a perfect fit , but it possibly the best option out there so far . if you want something that does generic reading , then it must be an accessibility app , as only they have permission to read the text from other apps . i do not think google voice exposes an external api , which is why you are not able to find an app which specifically offers this capability .
does the galaxy tab 10.1 usb adapter allow you to plug in an external web camera ? no and if it does not , are there any tablets that do ? Acer Iconia Tab A500 it all depends on the kernel configuration . you can install custom kernel on any device to make it to allow external camera . it is a lengthy process and involves rooting the phone .
i have had the same problem on my android phone but tried a solution from one of the android forums which says go to settings> > applications manager> > all applications ( on the top ) locate the badge provider app , once in there clear data and restart your phone .
go to settings > application> all > badge provider> clear data and clear cache .
try removing the icon of the app from the home launcher then put it back then restart your phone
ohkay i did not found any custom rom from this specific device karbonn a5+ neither tried to cook one myself , but i learnt some facts about it , so just putting them here so that others may get some help . drivers at the said source site are compatible with karbonn a5+ , though they have been said to be of karbonn a5 at the source site . the custom cwm at the said source site is incompatible with karbonn a5+ about stock recovery - i already said it in comments , just repeating it out here : my phone is detected as w650 by adb devices command . the stock recovery provided in other video by same person is for many firmwares including w619 and w650 as it lists while running . so i tried it and it worked . however the cwm recovery seems to be for w619 only . though i still not know from where these numbers w650 , w619 came from , the internal firmware code ? i will like to know this . honestly i think this device cannot take on ics or jellybean nicely because of its low ram . so just stick to stock gingerbread - its fine . in fact i got another device which runs jellybean on 512mb ram and 1ghz dual core processor . i always feel that my old phone running gingerbread is smoother than this newer one - at least at basic swipe transitions/animations . jellybean feels bloaty/resource intensive , but is surely smoother than ics .
on xda , in the user profile of astarioth , there is a link mentioned in the " most thanked " tab : https://dl.dropbox.com/s/vprplelu9zx7s2o/kindle_fire_usb_driver.rar?dl=1 ( and this is the xda post thanked for ) . the name of the .rar archive suggests it holds your wanted drivers -- and the quote [ . . . ] uninstall your old kindle usb driver and install this one . confirms my guess : ) now , why did not you find it in your sdk directory , you might ask ? guess that is as it goes with apples and peaches . you assumed google 's android sdk -- while amazon has its own android sdk . and that line most likely referred to the latter , while you have the former installed . also only a guess -- but i would say i guessed right again ? you might want to read setting up your development environment , take a special look at the section installing sdk add-ons . if you work with eclipse , this gives you another source to get to the kindle drivers .
as @mathew read already said , since your starting again clear the old app data . settings > applications > manage applications > select the messaging app choose ' clear data ' and also ' clear cache ' . if not you could also factory reset the phone .
apparently , droidx uses ecryptfs following are mount options on /data/data : rw,nosuid,nodev,noatime,nodiratime,ecryptfs_sig=****************, ecryptfs_cipher=aes,ecryptfs_key_bytes=32,ecryptfs_passthrough  i would imagine this means that encryption key here is 32 bytes , which is 256 bits , which seems pretty good to me .
just from my readings , i think choosing the option to clear credential storage ( removes all certificates ) may allow swipe . even if there are no certificates , you may need to explicitly use that option to clear certificates .
here 's a list of valid vcard fields separated into supported/unsupported by android 's vcard importer : vcardconstants . java it currently ( 4.3 ) says , org is supported while categories is not . check it yourself for more clarification . you may also want to compare what has changed in 4.0/4.1/4.2/4.3 here .
google image search seems to be doing something funny with the way it shows you image previews . what you need to do is when you run your image search you should see the grid of all the picture results : tap the picture that you are interested in and it should appear larger on a black background . when that first loads you should see something that looks a bit like a toolbar above the image . the toolbar disappears after a few seconds , just tap the image again to get it to reappear . you should see a view full size " button " if you tap that the image appears actually full screen and now you can long-press on it and save it as normal .
you can also do one thing . . . rather then again installing the apps on the new tablet . . . install es file explorer on your old tablet . . . goto app manager and tale backup of all apps . . and then send that folder to new device . . and without any internet connection . . install all the . apk ( application ) files your want . . ! !
yes , there is , both from the device , or using google play on a ' regular computer ' . using your mobile device open the google play store app touch the play store icon and select my apps . visit the all category . select an app you’d like to install , then touch the install button on the app’s detail page . using your computer visit your my apps page on google play . select an app to view its detail page . click the button that says install or installed and select the device where you’d like to install the app . note : when an app shows an " installed " button on its detail page , it means that the app is installed on one of the devices associated with your google account . click install .
i found a solution for this by using the perl . i created this perl script , which sends the current date with the correct format to the android device via adb : then i just need to open cmd and run this : perl &lt; clock.pl 
check this Call settings-&gt; Auto screen off/on during calls or just clean the proximity sensor with cloth
if you go to settings > > sound then make sure ' touch sounds ' ( it might be called something similar ) is not ticked , that should solve the problem
in gmail app i think there is no way to change the display format . you may try k-9 mail . it is the good email client for android . it is incredibly powerful and 100% free k-9 mail is an open-source e-mail client with search , imap push email , multi-folder sync , flagging , filing , signatures , bcc-self , pgp , mail on sd and more !
and there is the talking clipboard app available . reads some file formats directly ( such as html and epub ) , even reads pages marked with the " pocket " app ( formerly known as " read it later" ) . can read everything from the clipboard .
there is accessibility under settings that has all kinds of options for the vision impaired ( i believe it installs an app called talk back ) . i am not sure how readily you can use this or for which apps , but i have heard it is very good ( i am not vision impaired - so i have never used it myself - but it might be what you are looking for ) .
is there something wrong with the default keyboard on the device ? very odd though that would be marked incompatible for you since it is such a basic app and by google . there are lots of ways developers can put filters on their apps however can even omit specific devices , countries , and carriers if they choose . there are few options you can try from here http://www.howtogeek.com/138500/
they are all electromagnetic waves with different wavelengths . there had been no scientific evidence that they are dangerous in the power level used in common appliances , and many researches shows no evidence of danger in the short term studies , however many countries adopts the precautionary approach and advises people to minimize exposure just in case since long term study and study in children has not been conclusive yet ( these kind of studies takes a very long time since they follow their subjects for decades ) , although preliminary results suggests that long term effect may also be of no danger . you are probably more likely to be killed in a car accident then getting a cancer due to mobile phone radiation .
since you specifically mention twrp in your question , i will just use it as my example . note that cwm or any other possible android recovery project will also apply . it looks like there is a slight misconception at play . i will just drop a few clarifying notes here : twrp is indeed an image to be flashed . flashing twrp does not overwrite your bootloader . twrp is not a bootloader replacement - it is recovery software . it is a drop-in replacement for android 's stock open-source recovery mode , and therefore has the access needed to do things like create/restore backups root devices install official updates so the short answer is : yes ! it is indeed possible to root without overwriting the stock bootloader ! a few more notes : twrp ( and cwm recovery ) is a mature ( several years old and quite stable ) open-source project that is used by a huge portion of the android community and considered very trustworthy . flashing twrp will replace the contents of /recovery/ . you generally need to use the stock bootloader in order to select the boot-to-recovery option in order to use twrp .
do not think you can do that with the stock messaging app . might be best to install an alternative app to do that . there is three alternative popular ones available from google play . there is handcent-sms , go-sms mentioned in the tags , also there is chomp-sms as well . as for permissions yeah , that is a tricky one , as long as they do not have the over-usage of permission demands , you should be pretty ok . as an off-topic , i do know that in cyanogenmod , there is a setting to deselect the permissions as required for each and every app you install , for example , an app called ' foosms ' - uncheck ' read sms ' , the app may bomb out with an security error exception due to the said permission being revoked . incidentally , there is cm7 available for europa via madteam .
i do not think this is a design feature . . . i am not able to reproduce this at all ( except for scrolling down a bit : ) . however , as the android market app is not the most stable app on the android platform , you might want to try clearing the market app cache . go to settings - applications - manage applications - select android market app - click the clear cache button . restart the market app and check if the checkbox is present .
yes , as far as i know you can only connect it to your smart tv or blueray player to play media storage ; like videos , music , photos , etc . i do not think they have live playback for android , but they do for psp go .
although i think micro-usb/hdmi adapter connection is a better option if your phone supports it and you have the required hardware , another option for viewing your screen on the computer is is to use usb debugging mode capabilities , which does not require special hardware beyond your usb cable . essentially , you enable usb debugging mode on the phone . you install the android sdk on your computer . you probably will also have to install usb drivers for your phone model as well that are not the default drivers that do usb folder storage only . and then you download an application called android screencast to your pc and run it . it is slightly laggy , so it is not ideal for , say , watching a video off your phone , but if your screen dies or something , it can be a lifesaver . a detailed tutorial on how to get android screencast up and running is here : http://www.howtogeek.com/howto/42491/how-to-remote-view-and-control-your-android-phone/
this is what developers use to show applications to an audience : http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/software-engineer/project-your-android-phones-screen-onto-a-larger-display/
the way i do it is i connect my phone to my tv by using a micro usb to yellow video input and use my curtis 5.1 dolby surround sound with a female red and white to male audio ( headset connecter ) .
yes , you can connect an android phone to a tv or a computer monitor . at least if you have a new enough tv or monitor , and not a ten year old tv like i do . :- ) my android phone came with a hdmi cable to use when connecting phone to tv . i have connected it many times to my computer however , using a mini usb cable . but i would be able to use the hdmi as well , depending on what i want to do . i am for sure no expert , but i have a sony ericsson experia arc s and i have used it for over a year . i hope that this answer is good enough to offer some help . for newer phone , you may wish to use the following : micro usb to hdmi® mhl adapter reference link : http://www.monoprice.com/products/product.asp?c_id=108cp_id=10833cs_id=1083314p_id=8675seq=1format=2 video link : http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embeddedv=p5tjl_a_wcc in the reference link , it include information such as compatible mobile devices ( which you can retrieve from this link - http://www.mhlconsortium.org/workarea/downloadasset.aspx?id=5055 )
chromecast recently added the ability to cast your phone screen to the tv . most nexus devices have this support via the os , and others will require an update to the chromecast app . this feature is working well with good resolution and a small amount of latency , so if you have one give it a shot .
with the default calendar app , when viewing an event the individual calendar is listed right at the top . additionally , each calendar even is color-coded . if jorte is not displaying that to you , it sounds like a shortcoming of the app and something you should petition the developer to fix .
yes you can . . while the call is active , press the home button . the current call will be minimize on the top notification bar . you can start any other app , while the call is still going on .
take a closer look when swiping your finger to unlock the screen , there are a few apps surrounding the unlock area , swipe right to only unlock and not open other apps . to change these shortcuts , go to settings - lock screen - slider shortcuts .
cyanogenmod 11 is only released as nightly build and will have a few bugs , and these types of bugs are common . unfortunately there is not enough information in your post to nail down the problem . i would need to know the phone , cm build number , and would need to know if you did clean or dirty flash the last time you updated cm . without this information my advice is to uninstall apollo or use an app like titanium backup pro to freeze it , and use a much better music app such as poweramp .
if your device supports google tv you could try the google tv remote app
i just briefly read through the manual for your television found at kogan 's website , and as far as i can tell , the only available connection interface other than the typical ir used by remote controls is network-based . that means whatever application you use has to be supported both by the serving device ( i.e. . your tv ) as well as use the local network protocol , much like the netflix application has recently built in . from what i read about droidmote , it is going to be similar to teamviewer , however you have the added downside of needing root , which i understand you are attempting to avoid . i am not necessarily presenting a suggested solution here , but i did want to call out some of the limitations i have spotted while digging . i think you have listed the best out-of-the-box options thus far , so i am afraid i have no additional suggestions beyond . good luck .
there are a number of apps , like remodroid , droidmote , tablet remote and even a number of vnc server , most of them requiring root access , and those that do not require root access have fairly limited features .
unfortunately , you did not specify your android version : ( however : android 4 . x onwards : open up your People app . look for an entry called Me . click it . click the picture at the top , and select either take picture or select from gallery . take or select a picture , crop it and your done ! android ≤ 4 . x : note : it has been a while since i tried this - i cannot remember if it works or not open your Contacts app . add a new entry , call it Me or just add your name in like usual . add your number fully . you may want to add it twice ( with and without country code ) . add a picture to that contact you just created . voila ! the picuture is now in sms ! other method : i noticed that on some contact apps , there is a ' my contact card ' or something like that in the menu . if you have it , you can use it to set your picture as well .
press the back button then the home screen button its kind of control then print screen on a desktop
if you are in an app , and push the back button , you will back out of the app . however , hold the back button , then go to the app while still holding the back button -- then press the home button , and you will have your screen shot of the app .
you are supposed to hold the back button for a long time , and then press the home button . when you hold the back button for a long time it does not close the application or take you back . this works from inside applications and even when the screen is locked . just try pressing the back button long enough .
i found a way ! first things first , hold onto the home button , and do not let go . then press the " back " button while still holding on to the home button . place another finger on the " back " button . you should now have two fingers holding both the back and home button . with your other hand , lock the screen and turn it back on . after unlocking the screen , go into the message thread you want to copy , and then take your fingers off the home and back buttons . voila ! the screen will capture the messages and you do not have to worry about backing out of it .
see these other two , older questions , about how to take screenshots : taking a screenshot of an android phone ? and can i screenshot my htc legend without rooting it ?
heck my 2 youtube videos about getting around hardware screenshots : http://www.youtube.com/user/improtherapy#p/a/u/0/yzlm6ayxdxw
look netimen , i particularly do not know much about slimkat rom but what works for other android devices is that if you have a spot for micro sd card then what you do is that you transfer every possibly movable app to your sd card . to do that go to settings> app manager . now choose the apps you want to move and if there is an option for move to sd card click on it . the app had been moved . now if you want other files also to go to sd card , head over to your file manager and simply move the apps . this will make a lot of free space in the internal memory of your device . hope it helped :d . thanks is always appreciated .
well u did not specify your android os so let 's go by the default answer basically in android device the operating system ( jelly bean , kit kat ) occupies a lot of space for the phone to operate ( drivers for wi-fi , hd display etc . ) and remind you its pre determined and can also vary after an update . due to which the internal memory will decrease after the update takes place . to increase the internal memory there is no way without downgrading the operating system of your phone as the storage space of the operating system is reduced . another way would be to move all your applications to the sd card storage which will boost your speed as well as memory .
you cannot unlock your bootloader without also wiping your data . backup your data , either manually or using an app . you also need a computer to perform the unlock process because it is performed while your device is in fastboot mode ; before the android os is even started .
i wonder if a usb extension or port multiplier would be a decent workaround ? if you used an extension cable , you can avoid damaging the mini-usb port on the phone since you generally plug/remove the extension plug instead of the mini-plug .
the micro usb cables that come with blackberries are great , the connection is not loose at all . ( i have tried one with my android phone ) . so i would have to say that your cables are indeed " bad " .
i agree it probably fine for day to day charging etc . but for dev work you may be wiser to use the big end to connect reconnect the device .
as matthew read noted in a comment : yes , it is . the entire data directory is simply deleted : the shared_prefs directory is absent in the last ls listing because i did not launch the app , i only reinstalled it , therefore there were no preferences yet created for it ( it sets defaults on the first launch ) . i point this out only because it illustrates that the preferences from the previous install were not retained anywhere .
this is probably obvious , but . . . some apps that have the permission " modify/delete usb storage " may use the internal memory for caches etc . and may not necessarily remove the data once the app is deleted . i have seen apps to write in not so obvious directories like /sdcard/data/[package name]/ , but mostly they use /sdcard/[app name]/ which is easy to spot and delete .
try blitz note . i have developed it exactly for such cases . it allows you to sketch an idea and instantly send it to your email . if you cannot find it on google play , here is the shortcut : http://volidar.com/blitznote
dell voice aka fongo gives you a number . set up your number , log in , and run the app from any device .
let 's get this right the first time , shall we ? : ) several options that are offered so far seem to indicate a third-party app will be doing the dialing . however , dependent upon your geographic location , you may be able to activate the native dialer in the google nexus s . before proceeding , you will need to : 1 ) be based in the united states ( there are ways around this . . . ! ) , and ; 2 ) have a phone number registered for use within the united states ( required ) . 3 ) grab a beverage of choice . 4 ) not be busy for the next 45 minutes . tell everyone to pfo ( please fone others ) . 5 ) remove your sim-card from your google nexus s . let 's begin ! i : get google voice via web sign-up 1 ) get a google voice account . when going through the setup portion , you need to confirm a secondary number with the account . use your phone number that you have with your $20/mo phone . 2 ) grab an area code that you like ( as gvoice calls currently are free throughout usa and canada , but this may change ) . 3 ) goto settings , and enable google chat as a client that can make and receive phone calls . what if i have a us-based cellphone , but i am in country other than USA ? use a proxy or tor-based service , cloak your exit location with a us-based proxy , and sign-up for the service . btw , your welcome . ii : get google voice via android market 1 ) find " google voice " in the android market . alternatively , you can also find the * . apk with a quick google search if you can not access the installer via the market . 2 ) install " google voice . " 3 ) when asked about how you want google voice to process calls , select " as every time i make a call . " you can use other options , but just stick with this . iii : get sipdroid ( i-p-tel gmbh ) via android market 1 ) find and install sipdroid via android market . 2 ) open the program . upon first run , you will see the magical button at the bottom of your screen , which may be covered by a keyboard . get rid of the keyboard by pressing the back button or hide keyboard button . 3 ) tap the " new pbx linked to my google voice " button . at this point , you will be linking a free sip account with your google voice account . also , as passwords must be the same between accounts , the following situation happens : you are based in the united states the pbxes . org servers are in germany ( ? ) , and will ask permission to use your credentials to login to your google accout via their servers this causes google to think someone has hacked your account in germany . if you get this , do not worry . 4 ) get details for your sipdroid account credentials . username : it will be username-200@pbxes . org . ( the "-200" comes right after your username ) password : whatever password you used to register for the service . ( btw , my pw is hunter2 , but you should see stars . hahaha . ) 5 ) uninstall sipdroid iv : confirm account via pbxes . org 1 ) login to pbxes . org with your credentials ( from section iii , step 4 ) . 2 ) after login , go to " personal data " ( on the left-hand side ) . if you do not want your account deleted in 1 week , fill this out . fill out with your details , or use dummy data if you wish . i am sure alice , bob , john and jane doe have multiple accounts . . . : ) 3 ) goto Extensions , then Sipdroid &lt;200&gt; . in Device Options , you will see a password field . the password here has to match your google voice account . that way , pbxes can login to google voice . you can also set up your caller id here , so go crazy . 4 ) optional , but strongly suggested : make sure that the password to login to the web interface of pbxes . org is different from the one to your google voice account . v : putting the sip service on your nexus s this is where it get 's serious . actually , it is pretty easy . 1 ) go to your phone dialer . 2 ) tap the menu button to get Settings . 3 ) scroll down to INTERNET CALL SETTINGS , and tap Accounts . 4 ) check Receive incoming calls . yeah , you can be a jerk and only use your phone to call out , but what about the people who want to phone you ? just check it . unless you do not want anyone calling you . and if that is the case , why are you even following this guide ? 5 ) tap the menu button and tap Add account . Username and Password is what was listed in section iii , step 4 . Server is pbxes.org check Set as primary account tap Optional settings . at this point , check to make sure Transport type is TCP , and that your Port number is 5060 . you can probably use another port , but it seems to work . oh wait , port 5060 is the official sip port . go to : en . wikipedia . org/wiki/list_of_tcp_and_udp_port_numbers and search 5060 . so you use 5060 , and life will be good . do not be smart and say " i will use port--" no ! this is not a storm , you are not a sailor going to another port . you will use 5060 , and you will be happy with the choice . alternatively , port `5061' is sip over tls , but i have never used that and i am not sure if it would work . 6 ) save the account . vi : testing the phone if you have gotten this far without errors or crying , then try calling a number . 1 ) dial your number . from now on , dial with the following format : 1 - areacode - XXX - YYYY  that way , you do not have to worry about whether or not it is a local call or long-distance call . at this point , a nifty popup will show . it will state Complete action using . select Mobile Data , and tap Just once . that way , you can make it permanent after it works properly . 2 ) now you get something that pops up saying [warning triangle] Place call . you will tap ' internet call ' , as you ( i ) do not have a sim card in nexus s . at this point , it will dial the number . when connected , there will be a bit of an echo . why ? well , your call is probably routed the following way : it sound like there is a delay and echo yeah , because you are voice is going half-way around the world . always pause to let the other person finish . do this on your side by waiting 2 seconds before and after any speech . but i do not want delay it is free for north america ( us+cad ) . icing on top ? if you have a vpn based in either canada or the united states , have your android use that connection . that way , you can be in the uk , have a vpn connection to the us and phone someone in us or cad . friend : " where are you ? " you : " in whatever country via VPN connection" friend : " are not you paying a lot ? " you : " yes . can you wire me usd$100 ? i am in central australia right now , and the wifi from this wild dingo sucks . " friend : " . . . " you : " yes , the dingo has wifi . it is got a coin slot in it is butth--" friend : " i have got to g--" . you : " ok , bye . " friend : " bye . " the end
viber is a free call and messaging app . both parties should be on wifi to make this work .
it is not possible to have the same number on two different phones . on your nexus s , you could install skype . that will give you free voip for skype-to-skype calls . you do not need a number for this , just an internet connection ( and a skype account , which is free ) . take note , however , skype to mobile / landline is not free . for other alternatives , search for voip in google play . edit #1: i looked around and found ipkall . it gives you a free washington number . is this the kind of service you are looking for ?
" notification mode " refers not to the notification bar , but the notification sounds . if you turn it off , then notification sounds will be off . notifications in the notification bar will still show . some notifications still vibrating : sounds like the app developer implemented manual vibration instead of using notification settings .
you can install a widget known as volume ace . . . it gives access to all the volume levels in the system . . . you get 1x1 to as menu sizes as you prefer . . . . or you can use the application control panel for android . but , it still dos use a slot in your status bar . . .
i believe it is related to this issue : onsignalstrengthschanged returns unknown signal strength where android return wrong strength on galaxy s2 .
no , there is no common shortcut to close/exit any program . the " android way " is to let the os decide when to actually close/exit an application . just hit the " home " button or the " recent apps " buttons to switch to another application when you are done with the current application , or tap the physical power button to turn off the screen . the os will take responsibility for deciding when to suspend and when to terminate a background application . it generally does a good job of this , but some people cannot stand this behavior and so install task manager applications to explicitly terminate background applications .
if you pull down the context menu from the top , and select the notification that it is plugged in with the usb device , you should be presented with different options for how you want the phone to treat your usb connection . select the media device ( mtp ) option and you should now be able to browse the files on your phone just like you would any other usb data device .
you can transfer music to your device using windows media player on windows 7 and windows vista . connect your device to your pc using the supplied usb cable . on your galaxy s3 , go to Settings &gt; Developer Options &gt; USB debugging . open windows media player and click the sync tab on the right . your device should be shown in the sync screen . drag the music tracks you want to sync to your device to the sync list on the right . when you have added all of the tracks , click the start sync option at the top of the screen . when the synchronization is complete , you can disconnect the cable from either your computer or your device . source .
i had a cable which worked well ( charge and data transfer ) until the upgrade to jelly bean 4.1.2 . since the upgrade it will not work and i have to change the cable to labelled data transfer only , so i suggest trying a different cable .
i had the same problem with the phone not being recognised by pc . i tried everything ( uninstalling , usb cable , debugging , kies etc , etc ) . it finally worked after turning off phone and taking out battery ! could not believe it ( but happy now ) .
a few days after i got the android 4.1.1 ota update and rooted it my galaxy s3 failed to recognize the usb connection . removing and then reinstalling the battery allowed my galaxuy s3 to recognize the usb connection . the android file transfer still did not work until i uninstalled kies . now it is working . i appreciate the posts .
this will not help the op , but may help others . i had the same problem , no help with battery removal/power cycling or developer mode usb debugging , etc . finally realized i was using a third-party usb cable ( freebie from costco ) . when i used the samsung cable from the box , it started working again . costco cable still does not work .
i tried a different usb cable and it all came together and started working .
what seems to work for me is ticking the usb debugging box in the developer options . i have been trying all sorts of tricks ( including some of the above , and more ) , but nothing helped . this one does ! hope this will solve your problem . . .
from within jb , unplug cable from handset and follow this : go into settings > about phone scroll down to the bottom now tap on the build number 7 times , to activate the developers options . now the developer 's options is activated ( it is deliberately hidden from settings ) , back out of that screen , developers options should be present , then tap that , look for debugging , tap on usb debugging to put a check-mark on that . then try plugging in the usb cable to handset . . . : ) addendum : even if the usb debugging is selected , un-select it and re-select it . this worked for me .
i have had the same problem with my s3 ever since the update to jb 4.1 . my pc would not recognize my s3 and the phone would not go into the usb debug mode only charging indicator when i plug the usb into the phone . i have solved mine by erasing all cache for apps . not sure which app it was but right after i cleared all my cache i plug it into the pc and it started working again . kies works and usb debugging works .
oh , and something else . . . the " developer options " is not hidden in settings . i found it plain as day listed in the settings menu when i clicked on " more options . "
i just had the same problem tonight . all of a sudden my pc would not recognize my s3 when i connected via the usb . i tried the usb debugging first and restarting . . . did not work . i popped the battery out and restarted , and the usb icon showed up . hope that helps . thanks for all the helpful troubleshooting ; )
i had the same issue and removing my battery and power cycling the phone allowed the computer to recognize it again .
have you checked permissions on your machine ? i have had problems accessing my device over usb because of permissions when i connected a device over usb to a linux box .
here 's what worked for me . i do not know what caused it , but i suspected an exchange server policy triggered it . i deleted those accounts just in case . then i rebooted into recovery mode ( volume up + home held down at boot ) . from the recovery menu , i wiped the cache partition . when it came back up , it saw the usb connection just fine again .
i had this problem after updating as well . i can only presume it was from updating ; i had no issues earlier . my problem was the usb ports on my keyboard and the front panel of my pc would not recognize my s3 . so , i plugged it into the back , and it reinstalled the drivers . it works fine now ; not sure how or why but who am i to argue .
if you have not figured it out by now . the easiest way to fix this is to power your phone down , remove the battery , wait about 30-60 seconds , then put the battery back into the phone . i have had a similar issue and this has fixed it just about every time .
this is the asus answer i received ! really , sweep it under the carpet . i cannot return this unit , is already over the return period time . . . . i own a tf 201 , i installed sketchbook pro . i also have an ipad 2 ( from work ) with the same same software . my issue , is the transformer prime , does not respond very well compare to the ipad . i truly wonder if this is a problem with the transformer since all application even skitch do not produce very smooth response be it with finger or capacitive stylus . rendering drawings on the prime , results in broken lines , circles which are not complete and always feel like the line has to " catch up " to your finger or stylus . this is not a problem i experience on the ipad . can you please advise if this is " working " as designed or is this a case of a screen not working to par ( and how to resolve or exchange ) ? this is truly proving to be a disappointment has drawing is a very important feature to me . more so since this works flawlessly on the ipad . my unit , has the latest firware updates ; iml74k . ww_epad - 9.4.2.15-20120221 touch panel : mxt- 2.0 build -170 thank you for choosing asus products . we apologize for the late response . it is only till your email sent to satisfaction-ca , i have picked up the case . regarding to the problem that you were/are having , i ams afraid asus will be limited to support your product since this is a third party software , and you might have to contact the vendor for technical support . given the fact that ipad and prime are equipped with different os , it is possible that the experience of using a complete identical software might varies . we are very sorry for the inconvenience induced in this matter . please let us know if further questions and concerns raised . your kind understanding is greatly appreciated . tom wang asus canada 802 cochrane drive , unit 2 markham , ontario , l3r 8c9 canada fax : 905-489-2717 tom , are you kidding ? this is the same with any drawing apps , or note taking application . the asus screen is not as responsive and not responsive enough . i am using android designed software for ics , other users are doing the same and having the same issue . you cannot really tell me this is working as designed ? even user with the original transformer are saying their older screen was more responsive compared to the new one ! come on asus be responsible and add this to the list of must have fixes ! thanks ,
take a look at these tests , http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhpfki6l1-0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dk9nwirngvkfeature=related it is normal for touchscreens to respond like that . ios devices have some kind of secret algorithm that " knows where you meant to touch " , therefore , the test seems smoother on the iphone . . .
i also have this issue and am very disappointed . i wanted an asus transformer prime to replace my motorola xoom , but the xoom performs much better in this respect . so in my opinion this issue is not ' normal ' . it could be solved . i hope asus will solve it with a software update . for now , i am not getting rid of my xoom just yet . . . diagonal lines - asus transformer prime , ice cream sandwich , sketchbook pro http://a4.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/s720x720/431758_3527187543462_1385384958_3521467_500841800_n.jpg diagonal lines - motorola xoom , honeycomb , sketchbook pro http://a7.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/419885_3527179823269_1385384958_3521461_686500589_n.jpg
there is a chance that this issue can be softened at an application level . ( changing the device 's reported position itself would be better but not possible without changing the kernel as far as i was informed ) . this is an example of some diagonal lines i have drawn myself ( can not post image ) : http://s9.postimage.org/9hr2fsddb/primedef.png i tried to simulate this deformation effect ( left ) , and then i applied a function to every " detected " point to try to put it in the right location ( right ) . this is the outcome : http://s9.postimage.org/6ctxtdmkv/primedeformation2.png i posted this idea in forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1516716 . the writepad app dev said he would try this but he has been really busy so i still have not any reports on whether this works or not .
as your phone is rooted , you could use titanium backup to backup app and data . then uninstall viber , re-install it , check if it works , and use tb again to restore only the data . keep in mind that when a mis-configuration is the cause of your problem , after restoring the app 's data your problem might be back . in that case , simply repeat the operation , but do not restore the data , if you want the app working again . of course , in that case your chat history would be lost ; but you might be able to manually pick the data from tibu 's backups .
point 1: the error u have shown regarding cant mount **** has nothing to do with your phone bricking . its just compilation errors in building cwm recovery ( i blv this is the one u hv used ) point 2: unbricking by use of odin is by far the easiest way to get ur phone back and working . this link will help you if u follow it properly link point 3: regarding your driver issue i have a solution which will definitely solve ur problem ( as it worked with me thrice . . ! ) install samsung usb drivers software which u will find in the above link . put ur phone in download mode connect it to the pc after it fails to recognize the drivers , go to device manager and check for " unknown " device select options manual installation > select from list select samsung adb driver proceed to odin flashing . . . !
this is an easy problem to fix , i believe @bryandenny already mentioned it . go to the stock android messaging app . click the overflow menu button down in the lower left hand corner ( it looks like three boxes stacked on each other ) . select " settings " from the pop-up menu ; should be the first option . under " multimedia ( mms ) messages , uncheck the item that says : " group messaging- use mms to send a single message when there are multiple recipients " .
i can see two major problems with this . android 2.2 does not support usb host mode out-of-the-box . this means any external usb peripherals like your modem are not recognized by the android device . although some successful attempts were made to shoehorn this functionality into several handsets , the process is not easy to say the least . it is only been developed for a few phones so far , and would take quite an effort to port to your specific tablet . depending on the target device 's kernel 's availability of source code , this may not even be possible at all . even if usb host is achieved , the android drivers for the modem would need to be obtained . a quick google search does not return anything useful , which means the drivers would need to be written from scratch . without the aid of the manufacturer , this may prove to be an impossible task for a hobbyist developer . unfortunately , it looks like you are stuck with using your tab 's built-in wifi for data connectivity .
a simple wikipedia search would have brought the answer : compatible networks ( for motorola milestone / droid ) us version : dual band cdma2000/ev-do rev . a 800/1900 mhz european version : quad band gsm , umts @ 900/2100mhz n.a. gsm version : quad band gsm , umts @ 850/1900 mhz source where quad band means support for 850 , 1900 mhz and 900 , 1800 mhz .
from gsmarena : 2g network gsm 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3g network hsdpa 900 / 2100 umts 850 / 1900 - american version
i had rooted my mobile . but as i dint read the instructions properly regarding installation of new rom , i had hardbricked my mobile . i thought it would not be repaired under warranty . but one question came to my mind : when i can not switch on my phone how will others do ? however , i gave my mobile to service center within two days . but when i went in search of an answer for my question , i realized the company could find out if a mobile is rooted or not . in the end , that did not really matter for me because i got my mobile back ( repaired under warranty ) . the thing is it does not really matter for a company whether the mobile is rooted , because if they succeed to know if your mobile is rooted then its for sure that motherboard can be accesed through some sort of method that company uses . when they can access it they can surely wipe the data out of it . so i guess it is not that risky to get your mobile repaired under warranty – but as someone said in the above comments , one should be good in gambling while dealing with this sort of problem .
i can tell you 100% with all fact if you return your phone , bricked or rooted there is nothing they can or will do about it . this is only if you send it in and not take it to the store . i would never take a bricked phone to the store - the employees are like us ; they tend to play with this rooting as well and more likely to catch on and void your warranty . the phones are simply opened from your return box , torn apart and not tested for anything as they can not send out a phone that has been used by another user -this is why they all look brand new when you receive your replacement . the housing is stripped and the main board pulled out ( end of your concern ) and put into a bin where they are simply reprogrammed . if anyone tries to sell you on anything different they are lying to make your day harder or uneducated . i will let you think about what i just stated and am sure you will see exactly what am referring too . i have a friend that has worked for both samsung ( still ) and motorola back in the day with a few at verizon and at and t
imo it is neither within the carrier 's moral nor legal duty to warrant damages caused by the owner 's mishandling . some carriers/shops might decide to do the replacement anyway because the cost of investigating these cases are often higher than replacement , but unless it is explicitly stipulated within the warranty contract , do not expect it as an entitlement . while in some areas , there are now laws to protect customers from carriers voiding warranty simply because of rooting , it does not mean that you are entitled for replacement if you damaged the phone because of improper rooting . the law ensures that you will still be eligible for warranty if you rooted a damaged phone because you received a damaged phone in the first place . however if it is an improper rooting or improper use of root privilege that caused the phone to be damaged than it would not be fair to require carriers to replace the phone . mind you , i personally believe that selling a phone with an overzealous locking measures that cannot be unlocked by a reasonably knowledgeable customer is selling a damaged goods ( akin to selling a house without a front door ) , but i am not sure of any places where the law has caught up with this . ianal .
take your bricked phone to a store not manufacturer . i just bricked my htc one trying to install different language stock firmware and took it directly back to the htc service centre in my city ( shanghai ) . it was stuck in a boot loop after an ota ( root and unlock boot loader and change rom had worked fine until ota ) . first thing they checked was if my phone was rooted . it was re-locked and s-off . although it could still turn on and be used - just not do ota updates - got told by service centre that as it was rooted warranty void ( 5 day old phone ) . fixing it would require change of logic board they said . wtf . in end i " agreed " with them to replace whole phone for cost of changing logic board . cost me $300 . feeling scammed .
i am not sure there is a good answer to this . as you have seen from your own research , experiences vary . therefore , if you send in a rooted or otherwise modified phone , you may have a problem . if you unroot / unmod it before you send it in , then you are much less likely to have problems . in your case , with it being hard bricked , you probably do not have much of a choice . of course , it is possible they will not be able to tell that you fouled it up ( because , if they could , they had likely have nothing to do with it ) . so i think it comes down to this . . . how much of a gambler are you ?
i am not sure it would be legal for them to discriminate on warranty just because a phone is rooted . however , there are some " void your warranty " things you could do when rooted ( such as overclock way high , etc ) . you might find a tool on xda to restore an original rom , i did once for a bricked phone . they may have such a tool in-store too .
on version gmail 4.5-694836 from the main inbox or inside any email : bring up the menu-> settings-> general settings-> now click the menu button again to bring up sub-menu of options-> clear picture approvals . warning : this clears all your approved sender settings , i believe there is no option to revoke by individual email senders .
you might need to reset the battery stats anyways . drain the phone entirely -- when it shuts off , turn it on again until it shuts off again and repeat until it will not turn on . then wipe the stats and charge to 100% with the phone off ( leave it plugged in for an hour or so after it appears to be fully charged ) . turn it on , drain it again , and charge to 100% while off again without wiping the stats this time . of course , if you are not rooted you can not wipe the stats , but the drain/recharge cycles should help regardless by providing fresh stats .
install droidmote server on the one you want to be controlled and droidmote client on the one with which you want to do the controlling .
generally , the answer is no . but there is a way to buy the apps first . find a friend who is willing to let you add your account to his/her phone , then you can buy the apps under your own account . edit : here 's an article i just came across .
you could try adding a chrome-command-line file which causes chrome to load sites in desktop mode by default . the only way to stop this however , is to remove the file . see here or you could install the chrome ua switcher app although this requires root access so may not be suitable if you are not rooted .
the problem was the difference in unlocked bootloaders between e610 and e612 . finally i ended up using the few seconds before the reboot to write the backed up bootloader and recovery back via dd . wow i hardly often do backups , but this time it was quite helpful .
it sounds like android device manager may not have administrator privileges . go to : Settings/Security/Device Administrators/  and make sure that android device manager is checked . if it is not , check it and agree to the popup . then you should be able to enable it in the google settings app .
you have to setup the lock and erase first ! this just means clicking that button then setting up a service on android to allow the android device manager to manage the device . the nexus 4 has this built in , so there is no need to set it up . but as you have already clicked it , its a matter of checking if your phone has a good internet connection and can connect to google . also make sure that the android device manager is installed on the android device in question
it is now the morning after the evening i wrote this question . my lock and erase settings are now automagically present in android device manager . i have not changed any settings or powered off the phone , it was just ' sleeping ' last night . so it looks like the google servers needed some time to enable the settings .
go into the settings app . choose security , then owner info . uncheck show owner info on lock screen .
have you tried fat16 ? as far as i am aware , the standard format for all sd cards is fat16 , so it should work for tablets as well . also , could it be that the system that you use to connect your drive to your galaxy tab is broken ?
easytether is the easiest way to share your phone wireless internet with your computer . you install the program on your phone , set up the drivers ( which can be found here ) and run . to enable easytether , check the top box on the application screen . easy as that ! after you install the drivers : for ubuntu : start a terminal window type easytether connect it will connect , and give you another command that you can type into another terminal window to see status information about your connection . note : the original terminal window you open ( that you typed easytether connect into ) must stay open while you are using the connection for windows : right click the easytether logo in the taskbar ( lower right hand side , by the clock ) choose connect via (big number here) you are connected !
it worked out of the box in ubuntu 12 . while installing the deb package , i got the following error message in /var/log/syslog . but , this warning can be ignored . May 18 22:49:29 dev01 udevd[375]: invalid ENV attribute, 'DRIVER' can not be set /lib/udev/rules.d/65-easytether.rules:1  i had installed easy tether lite application in my android phone following the instructions from the application . to connect to the phone , i did : the network-manager was able to pick up the device immediately and configured a dhcp address automatically . when i check the default route , it was properly setup to the tether device . overall , it is very easy to get connected . : )
i do not know if this will work with your device , but i used to use android wired tether the couple times i needed to use my phones data connection . it does require root , so i do not know if that is an option for you or not .
the log in user is always a user . you have to invoke su to run specific commands as the root user , and su will not work unless you have rooted your device to gain access to the root account ( imagine it is password prtoected and you have to crack the password ) . to gain root access on your device , check out how do i root my device ? root explorer and similar apps will automatically invoke su when they are able to . the superuser app can be used to control access to su , so that you do not have to worry about rogue applications elevating themselves beyond your user permissions .
here you have some info about root on android device and how to get it : http://www.reddit.com/r/android/comments/dfy5x/all_how_to_root_your_android_phone/ as far as i see you have htc desire phone . it looks that easiest way to get root is to run program from this website : http://unrevoked.com/
this issue has now been fixed in a recent ota update . this updated the htc software version ( not sense ) to v3.33.401.6 . applying the upgrade removes the issue . this is further corroborated by other users previously experiencing the same problem : 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 . took them long enough !
this seems like it may be a bug in the update that htc has released for their phones . it is been reported on the android issue tracker and appears to affect various htc models only . you can star the issue if you want , and some people have suggested that enabling the " fast boot " option in your settings may help ( something like Settings-&gt;Power , i believe ) . on other devices it should only run at first boot or when the dalvik cache has been erased . if it is of interest , the details regarding what the optimization is actually doing have been covered in what kind of app optimization does ice cream sandwich do at the first reboot ?
in general , the " application optimisation " , which i assume is jit compilation of all the installed apks , should only happened once during the first boot ( and probably also during the first boot after flashing . ) why it is running every time , i do not know . sounds like an error .
it turns out this is a known issue and there is a patch .
it is just because , under some circumstances , flashing can take a while . you really do not want your device shutting off while it is being flashed ; it can brick the device . the calibration for the battery is stored , yes , but usually it gets adjusted within a few charges of the phone . it might be a little inaccurate for a while , but it is not a major concern .
i have had that problem too . i have just power cycled the device , which always fixes it , which leads me to believe it is software . i have it set to show touches , and it would either not show the touches , or they would show up after a delay . to determine if it is software , look to see if it happens at roughly the same time everyday , or after running specific software , then it is most likely software related . i have turned on " show cpu usage " , which is only mildly invasive , and should be sufficient to show if cpu utilization spikes when responsiveness issues come up .
mine started the same way until one day the touch screen would not respond at all . the buttons worked but that was it ! i could not do a thing . i believe one of my pets ( a heavy cat ) who to my horror loves to lie on top of warm things may have done something to the sensors . that is just my speculation . since it was only 4 months old , i was able to get an rma from asus and got it back with all it is software and data intact in 3/4 weeks . the only thing is that they make you pay for the shipping which i find a bit cheesy but it was not much . i hope yours is still under the one year warranty . if not i would open it up ( there are videos on youtube ) and try to see if something came loose . good luck .
you can try to diagnose the problem yourself , or at least get a little more info by turning on a couple of developer diagnostics . in settings , scroll down to developer options . under the " input " section , check " show touches " . this will cause a small ( white ) circle to show on the screen where ever you touch it . if you do not see the circle ( which might be under your finger , so look carefully ) , you know it did not register your touch . if you see the circle lagging , then you know it registered your touch and is just being slow for other reasons . under " monitoring " , you may want to turn on " show cpu usage " and " strict mode enabled . " " show cpu usage " will show you what is running as a little overlay in the top right of the screen . the top line of the display shows the system cpu load . see this excellent write up of what the load numbers mean . if the load is high , your little nexus-7 " strict mode enabled " will " flash screen when apps do long operations on the main thread . " if your screen flashes , then you know something is hogging the cpu .
its hard to tell if it is infact hardware or software . since it is happening at certain intervals my guess is hardware . if it is happening with a certain 3rd party application you should have nothing to worry about . also , have you upgraded the latest version of jelly bean ? if so and the problem is still persisting i would recommend returning it and getting a replacement as i have never encountered any issue with touch sensitivity . the nexus 7 's capacitive touch screen is supposed to be incredible sensitive as just by meerely touching it should register a tap .
do this : boot into recovery wipe cache wipe dalvik cache wipe them again install your rom the first successful boot afterwards is going to take a while , as it is rebuilding dalvik cache . if you are not boot looping here , just let it go for a long while . if it boots a while and reboots , wait some more .
cdc serial means that your phone was previously owned by a fellow member of the united states centers for disease control and prevention .
i have never found windows to be very helpful in identifying drivers either . here 's some information for you on what usb cdc is . according to wikipedia : usb communications device class ( or usb cdc ) is a composite universal serial bus device class . the class may include more than one interface , such as a custom control interface , data interface , audio , or mass storage related interfaces . additionally , a resource called the usb software resource center has this overview of cdc : there are three classes that make up the definition for communication devices : the communication device class , communication interface class and the data interface class . the communication device class is a device level definition and is used by the host to properly identify a communication device that may present several different types of interfaces . all of that is developer-speak , but it really just means that a usb cdc driver helps your pc 1 ) understand what services your phone can provide it and 2 ) start talking to your phone to use those services . i do not know for sure what service the cdc serial driver you see represents but i am pretty confident that installing the official samsung drivers for your phone would resolve the red x ( the drivers that windows installs automatically are sometimes generic and are often insufficient ) . in its current state , with your phone connected as an mtp device , do you have any trouble transferring files or doing anything else you want to do with your phone from your pc ? if you are not having trouble then it is possible the cdc serial driver is only used for connecting your phone as a modem or serial device ( as when communicating with your phone from the developer tool adb ) . if you are not planning to use your phone in this manner , you can safely ignore the failed installation of the cdc serial driver . i would not stress too much over it and would install the samsung drivers if you run into any trouble .
it is a known problem in android system . you should use a third party app . i know ( and recommend ןא ! ) the ' ics 2 android ' application . you can download it from google market : ics 2 android
from giztech . in how to accept or reject events with exchange email in galaxy s or any android mobile ?
yes , support for this is native in android . i have an exchange account added to my phone ( settings > accounts and sync > add account ) . once i snyc'd email and calendar i was able to receive meeting requests through the mail application , accept them , and then see them show up in my calendar with a different color . the way google handles exchange is really sweet . update : so i played around a bit and here is what i found . from the gmail app on the phone you cannot accept appts . but , not sure how it works with ical and such , i just sent myself a meeting notice from my exchange outlook calendar to my gmail account . i signed into gmail from my computer , got the invite , i clicked yes i am attending , and it now shows on my calendar . so from the gamil app it appears we cannot accept invites but from a computer we can . : (
did you backup your stock rom prior doing the upgrade ? i had this happen to me where i backed up the current rom to , what i thought was , the external sd card , but it was infact the built-in sd card . the naming of endpoint exposed in clockworkmod recovery ( cwm ) led me to believe i was using the sd card . i backups were not visible in the file explorer , needed to drop back into cwm to delete the bad backup and re-backup on the actual external sd card .
if you root your tablet , there are reverse tethering apps that will allow you to use your pc 's net connection via usb . one of the apps in the play store is free , and another offers a free trial , so you may give them a try . it appears this working is hit or miss , but since this is a nexus device you may be in luck ( being vanilla android , not some carrier or manufacturer 's possibly locked down version ) .
it depends on game . some games allow you to download the data off phone and extract it to your sd card at the said location of the game instruction . i remember doing so for few games myself . if the game instruction does not have anything like that then you have to manually find out what file it downloads from where and put it in relevant place in sd card .
it could very well be due to your mobile sitting on top of it . there may have been an electrostatic discharge from your phone , that was sent through the nexus 7 , breaking/harming some components . if you can , i would suggest you take it to the repair center - it would be the only way if this is what has happened .
just use this app , it will delete your duplicates https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.accacihl=en
you are running cm10 in your phone . so its rooted . you can restrict mobile data usage with some exceptions for specific apps by an app called droidwall fro playstore . this app is seful to specify which apps can use mobile data and which cannot .
did you try a different battery ? is this one the factory one ? it may be faulty and possibly not charging reliably . if worst comes to worst , you can try reflashing your gnexus with the default google 4.3 yakju images ( after backing up all your data of course ) to see if the problem goes away . if it does not then the battery needs to be replaced . here is a link : https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images#yakju and information on how to do it : tutorial you will need to have fastboot and adb installed . there is a way to flash the images without erasing the userdata/sdcard partition if you do not want to backup . ( it involves editing the flashall . sh to remove the -w option before running it )
number of icon to show on status bar depends on programmer how he wrote that status bar application code . we really can not do much here . you should be contacting customer support of developers of cyanogenmod 7.1 they might consider your request and change it to your needs .
i found the answer on this page , and the solution was to download and install a compass fix patch .
acrobits groundwire ( what is new section for 4.0.4 ( 2013-12-19 ) claims " support for push notifications using google cloud messaging ! " ) &hellip ;
there is no way to control the blink speed in the os itself . however , light flow provides a plethora of options for colour , flash rate , etc . there are probably other equivalent apps too .
i am answering my own question . the original email configuration still exists on the phone , but it cannot be accessed via the " email " app . accessing the " email " app will just prompt you to add the account again ( along with other account types like facebook , twitter ; then it denies you stating that it already exists ) . instead click on the " messaging " app and then you will see the " disappearing " email account in addition to " universal account " and " text messaging " . select the original account and edit the account properties . on the account properties page you can " remove account " . by removing the account you can then go and add it again successfully . i have heard that others are doing a hard reset which is not necessary .
to answer your question ' are there any alternatives to get the mighty eagle back ? ' unfortunately not . it is up to app developers to support redownloading of in app content , and it certainly seems that you have found a bug . get in contact with rovio at http://www.rovio.com/en/about-us/contact or contact@rovio . com and explain your issue - they will be able to help you further
i feel stupid for not trying this earlier , but i simply re-installed angry birds ( again ) and i had immediate access to the mighty eagle . it did not even show me the promo and purchase screen . strange thing is that this is not how it went first time around , but i am glad this is all it took . rovio still has not responded to my support ticket at the time of writing .
hardware-wise , the ntt docomo ( sc-04d ) and the version sold on google play store ( gt-i9250 ) are identical . you should be able to use one of the " maguro " takju factory images ( ics or jb . ) definitely do not use the cdma/lte image .
at lest some devices seem to have a setuid root copy of tcpdump installed
a surely working , but hard to achieve solution would be to set up an access-point where you log all the traffic and connect your phone to it .
here 's an idea for your problem . had the same as well . searched a long time to get my keys to the android phone . i work with osx . there is a tutorial how to export the keys it seems to be a matter of key and certificate conversion . hope that helps : http://hackonadime.blogspot.de/2012/03/securing-your-mobile-email-thunderbird.html
nope . not possible . only recognized or devices signed by sony can be used for pairing with the ps3 . i do not think you can use any bluetooth headset . there are specific ones made for ps3 .
yes , you can use it as a headset . just make your own app , and make its settings the same as the headset . i made one for my lg p690f .
is your phone rooted ? blueputdroid works with rooted devices only ( if you are prepared to root your device then this maybe achieveable with this app ) according to this article entitled : how to remotely control your ps3 with android blueputdroid apps guide written by ehsan on feb . 27th 2011 . http://topbestfreeapps.com/how-to-remotely-control-your-ps3-with-android-blueputdroid-apps-guide/ however checking the list of supported devices yours is not supported : unsupported devices ■samsung moment ■samsung galaxy spica ■samsung galaxy s ( this includes captivate , vibrant , epic 4g , fascinate , showcase , mesmerize , continuum , k , u or any other variant of the galaxy s series devices , but excluding nexus s , which doesn’t have samsung’s software , and which works ! ) ■samsung galaxy tab ■htc eris ■htc incredible ■htc desire/hd ■htc desire z ■htc legend ■htc hero ■htc magic ■htc evo 4g ■htc aria ■htc/t-mobile mytouch 4g however this article was published in early 2011 , almost two years ago , so maybe it is now supported . the article does in theory provide partial insight into what you want to achieve ! i believe the article i mentioned in the comments above is more tailored to your needs however
thanks to an app that turns an android phone into a more universal bluetooth device , it is possible to control a ps3 with your android phone as though it were a bluetooth remote control . the connection allows the phone to be used as a virtual keyboard for entering text , and it even has a touchscreen trackpad for moving the cursor in the ps3 's web browser . the app , blueputdroid , is in beta form right now , and is still a bit tricky to use , as the list of supported android phones is not exhaustive , some of the phones require custom firmware and once you get the app installed , there are technical hoops to work through . a list of believed supported and unsupported devices can be found on xda-developers . com , where the app was introduced . it also has details on how to download the app for those who own a compatible android handset . the independent developer has tested it out on the nexus one , htc wildfire , and lg optimus one - all with rooted firmwares . he was not able to get it working on the optimus one . blueputdroid is the first app to allow a smartphone to pair up with the ps3 as an input device . there have been other bluetooth apps for android that more flexibility in syncing the phone to a computer , but this is the first working app for ps3 connectivity . if the dev can further refine the process and expand compatibility , we will welcome the chance to use our phones to input psn info or type in urls - beats having a real keyboard tethered to your system , hm ? source : http://www.gamesradar.com/how-to-use-your-android-phone-as-a-ps3-bluetooth-keyboard/
if you are willing to go with a 3rd party app , i would recommend handcent sms . it goes a step further by allowing you to assign specific vibration patterns to different contacts .
go to messaging . select setting . go to notification settings . there you have an option to switch on vibration for notifications .
you have flash player which is pre installed on your device . you can have ( some ) luck with running . swf files . i tried running it in the browser and it was a bit glitchy .
the official flash player for android only supports armv7 processor architecture . the way that some armv6 devices have flash is that some is that a few cheap tablets ( usually from china ) have a non-official version . you can download one here . but beware it may or may not work !
sounds like a bad download . i would delete it if you can and try again , or download and upgrade manually . for 2.2.1 , try following this post at androidandme . if it was 2.3 you might want to wait , google has said it would not be released for the n1 till after the holidays ( example ) so it might have been a mistake .
yes , you should be able to install a wifi only rom manually , i`ve just gone to ics with 3g and its great . found these links useful : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfhwd2nxw1u http://www.icsforums.com/forum/showthread/6398 http://forum.xda-developers.com/wiki/motorola_xoom hope this helps
i ended up finding a great app called calendar snooze that does exactly what i was looking for . you can set custom snooze times , set how often the reminders repeat if you do not snooze them , etc .
when you create an alarm using the ( stock ) clock app , under the " notification " you can set " snooze " options : the duration of a snooze and the frequency of the snooze . i do not think you can choose the snooze duration when you click snooze at the actual alarm time though .
this is still just my best guess , but i would definitely check to be sure that google voice is linked to your cell number and that it is set up to forward your calls . you should see something like this in your settings : if that is all set up properly then you might want to consider starting a discussion thread over at google 's support forum .
it seems that entering zip codes directly in the contacts app in the zip+4 format under android 2.1-update1 is not possible . however , i just updated to froyo ( 2.2 ) ( t959uvka6 ) . not only can the contacts/ storage app natively import and export contacts to and from the microsd card , but it also allows directly entering zip+4 with the dash in the zip code field !
wi-fi hotspot allows you to share your phone 's internet connection with other devices which have wi-fi adapters . for example , of you have a laptop with wi-fi and you want to connect to the net , you can enable wi-fi hotspot on the phone then connect the laptop wirelessly to the phone . there may be carrier restrictions or costs for doing this . . . like sprint which requires you to activate the wi-fi option for your evo 's account which costs an additional $30/month . other carriers may assess charges by amount of data consumed or block the feature altogether . some users have rooted their phones to bypass the enablement restrictions , but that may still result in charges for bandwidth used .
if you use the gmail app the mail is pushed instead of synced and therefore you cannot find the sync frequency setup . however , if you set up your gmail account in the android email app , where you can have your non gmail accounts ( pop3/imap/exchange ) , the mail is synced and you can set the frequency in the account settings , inside the email app .
you can only set how much e-mails are synced in the gmail settings . goto gmail > labels > organize labels > click on the label you edit want . now you have tree options , 4day , all or nothing . if you choose 4 days , gmail downloads the e-mails of the last 4 days , if you choose all , all mails were downloaded and nothing say what its doing .
on my s2 ( sgh-s959g ) the setting is in Settings App &gt; Call &gt; Call Alert &gt; Uncheck Alerts on Call .
samsung galaxy s3 has a setting within the phone dialer " call settings\call alert\alerts on call " . unchecking this will prevent alerts from interfereing a phone call . this is probably similar on your galaxy s2 .
apparently themes on cyanogenmod are controlled by an app called . . . theme chooser . i did not even know they were customizable , and had never opened the app before ( and i would expect such a thing to be in the settings , not in an app ) . anyway , mine was on the " system " theme , which is green , and i can easily change it back to the " cyanbread " theme , which is the blue one i am used to . i do not know how or why it changed , but it is easy enough to fix once you learn where they are configured , and does not seem as big of a deal as i thought .
the colours are not the only difference . your second screenshot also has a dark background to each shortcut 's label , and a different graphic for the tray at the bottom . the combination of graphical changes to the launcher , changes to systemui , and different-coloured icons for system apps like the browser , makes me say the second screenshot is of a different version of cyanogenmod , or a different rom completely . could you or someone else have flashed a new rom onto your phone ? if you are not sure , go into the settings app , click about device and read the version information on that screen .
you find it in the options , in the " control " section . if you tap on an action ( e . g . for " shake" ) , a drop-down opens where you can select many things -- a.o. read ( text-to-speech ) . if you enable it here and then shake the device , moon+ will start to read the text to you . shake again to make it stop . you also can assign it to your dpad keys , or the headset controls ( just scroll further down on that page to see for yourself ) .
the best way to do this : at the bottom of miscellaneous options page , there is an option customize reader bar icon . tap it and check speak . now , you can easily access tts from bottom bar .
how can i tell i am affected ? this is probably the first question to those not familiar with this topic . with gingerbread ( android 2.3 ) and above , you have got a service aboard helping you to figure out : battery statistics . though manufacturers tend to place it at different points , it is mostly found in settings &rarr ; about the phone &rarr ; battery or similar , and shows a list of the apps having used most of your battery . on top of that is a small graph . tap that , and it brings you to a screen similar to this one : screenshot of battery statistics on android 2.3 i chose a screenshot from one of my devices which illustrates the issue . looking at the lower two blue bars ( "aktiv " = device was kept awake ( active ) , " bildschirm an " = " screen on" ) , the right-most blue bar on " aktiv " indicates a wakelock : device was kept busy despite the fact the screen was turned off . so by this we can be pretty sure we have got a wakelock -- but we cannot tell who caused it . if your device does not offer this screen ( or the bars at the bottom : i just discovered e.g. the lg optimus 4x running android 4.0.3 has cut these bars off ) , you can find them e.g. using gsam battery monitor : similar information from gsam battery monitor -- here the mentioned " blue bars " are yellow/orange what caused the wakelock ? unfortunately , this question cannot be answered using pre-installed apps ( except for , maybe , some custom roms ) . but there are tools available that can . the best known candidate for this is betterbatterystats , and shows us the cause in its partial wakelocks section : screenshots from betterbatterystats in the first example 2 ( taken from the app 's playstore page ) , the event causing most of the wakelocks was a desired one : we do not want the playback stopped while listening to music . so the second example 3 ( taken from a real case on one of my devices ) might prove better : the topmost 3 events are caused by the very same app , which needed the wakelock to keep the imap push service active . for an alternative to betterbatterystats , check out the wakelock detector app mentioned in uzumapps ' answer -- which seems easier to handle especially for non-techies : wakelock detector -- click image to enlarge . ( source : google play ) what can be done ? if the case is as clear as in the second example in the previous section , the action is quite obvious -- at least in my case : i do not need to be informed immediately when a mail arrives ; a delay of 30min is absolutely acceptable . so i went into the mail app , disabled imap push ( see also : push email ) , and instead switched to a 30min poll interval . wakelocks did not entirely disappear , but dropped markably -- battery life improved noticably . then there is the case mentioned in the question itself : a bad behaving app not releasing its wakelock . confront the dev with your findings and ask for a fix . if he delivers : problem solved . if not : there is almost always an alternative app available . what if it is the android system itself ? yeah , sometimes it looks like just that : 98% or more consumed by some android service . oh , if it is 98% , in most cases the candidate is named locationmanagerservice . bad guy spying at us ? not necessarily . in this special case , the listed " bad guy " is not even guilty -- at least not directly . here it is another app requesting the current location too frequently . there is an excellent article on setera . org about this : pinpointing android locationmanagerservice battery drain . to give an abstract : it uses android 's dumpsys feature ( requires root ! ) to dump a system state , and lets you investigate the listeners established for the locationmanagerservice . a closer look at their configuration shows which are constantly " hammering " it for location info ( some do so permanently , i.e. without a break ) . as the app 's id is listed along , and at another place in the dump even together with the apps technical name , you can still identify it and take appropriate actions . and what about ufos ? unfortunately , there are such : apps which registered a wakelock -- and then exited without releasing it . what is left are unused f **ing obsoletes* -- wakelocks held for no use . so no way to simply bring the app to foreground and re-configure , or making it release its wakelocks . here the only solution known to me is a reboot -- and i would like to have a better solution . of course , if you know the guilty app , the steps concerning it are the same as above : inform the dev , get a fix -- or replace the app . but about getting rid of the current wakelock ? maybe somebody else can provide a better alternative to the reboot ? are there some recommended further readings ? sure . one for now , i may add more later : [ guide ] wakelocks definition and how to prevent them ( xda developers , march 2013 )
in short , this is a very good question but am afraid , it warrants more than just making the end-user aware ! redesign the kernel to eliminate wake-locks and use a more thorough efficient way of managing the principle better thereby prolonging battery life . unfortunately , it has been accepted as a de-facto solution to enable " power management " despite it is not exactly efficient either ! there was an extensive discussion about wakelocks ( with gregh kroah hartman - the linux guru for drivers development - am googling for the exact linky ) , other sites such as lwn .netand another article explained on the same site here . this was the article gregh kroah hartman referred to this blog , in which he appears to agree with the alternative solution proposed by rafael j . wysocki have documented a lot about the potential alternative . am not sure if that is actually in place in the more modern kernel v3 . x.x. badly designed apps can and often request wakelocks such as keeping the screen on , but in fact , in this scenario for keeping the screen on , there is in fact a more efficient way to do this : getWindow().addFlags(LayoutParams.FLAG_KEEP_SCREEN_ON);  whilst , striving to keep this clear of jargon etc for the end user , really the core of the issue boils down to the kernel code in how the wakelocks are managed . here is a brief summary on xda on what is wakelocks for the uninitiated . by using betterbatterystats , one could see exactly which process is draining the battery , the wiki is hosted on github , and is available on the market here .
check out wakelock detector : xda-developers / google play : wakelock detector groups the wakelocks of app into one expandable view for better look . and it shows which apps are running . and there are kill uninstall info buttons in expanded view of app . click image to enlarge . ( source : google play ) disclosure : i am one of responsible developer for this app . four more friends are with me working on this project as a hobby .
have you tried installing portugese* as a language in your phone settings ? your current language obviously does not contain that character . if you download and install the portugese* language pack for your phone , it should recognize that character in the wi-fi network name . alternately , you could try to manually add the wi-fi network to your phone using the network ssid . simply type in the correct ssid ( network name ) with the special character instead of trying to auto-detect the network . edit : as a quick and dirty solution , you could also use an app like wifi connection manager which claims to be able to handle special characters . also , according to this page ( stackexchange-url it seems like the default android encoding of ssid 's is the source of your problem . the only fix i have seen is using an app or writing your own driver or script to connect to the network using the correct encoding for special characters .
try installing an app for connecting to ssid having special characters in it . you may find it in the android market . or you can download it here . reference - stackoverflow link .
go to Settings-&gt;Sony Ericsson-&gt;Connectivity and un-check Auto connect in MSC .
this may depend somewhat on the device , so i would try to narrow down which one in particular you want then try to figure out what other people are saying about it . having said that , i know lots of people on xda are using us verizon xooms in europe without any problems ( minus 3g , of course , which you said is not a problem ) . there is a thread about this here . some have also noted that you can flash european firmware onto the vzw xoom without any problems , but i am not sure what the caveats are and i do not know if that would work on other devices .
tablets that use cdma network technologies will be restricted to wifi internet only ( there is no cdma cell coverage at all in the uk ) . if you can get a tablet that uses t-mobile 's 3g frequencies , you can sim-unlock it and use 3g with an operator in the uk . at and t frequencies are not common in europe , you will get edge only . wifi will work , but europe/uk uses a different channel/frequency standard and you will not be able to use channels 12 or 13 ( at a minimum ; it could be only a few channels work if the spaces between the channels are different ; i have not stared at the standards recently ) . if you can tell the device to use the eu ranges , you will be fine - but i am not sure how to do it - if android uses the linux kernel 's regulatory compliance daemon , that is fairly easy to change because the commands should be similar to a linux desktop and there is quite a few tutorials out there . that assumes android uses that part of the linux wifi stack , and it also assumes that the wifi driver in the tablet actually uses the linux stack to drive compliance . this is not very likely . : (
it depends on your tablet . if your tablet has included cdma technology that is not available in uk then it can not possible to use that tablet . tablet with wi-fi technologies will definitely helps to work in another country but it is also depends on tablet network connection features . as per my view , you should include little information about your tablet .
you need to flash the kernel first and then root the device . in 4.3 google have implmended a securty feature which causes some rooting problems .
you can install the dolphin browser , and change the user-agent to ipad . then dolphin can use html5 . you see these instructions when you try to activate flash in dolphin .
the default browser is being replaced by chrome as of android 4.1 for stock android , so i doubt it will see any updates in the future . if you want to use sites that have html5 features , you should install chrome and use that ( and by extension if you are targeting android devices with a web app , you should be targeting chrome ) .
credit to matt h 's comment for pointing me the right way . if you follow through to the system requirements page on their wiki , the htc wildfire is specifically called out as an unsupported device as it has an armv6 based processor ; firefox mobile currently requires an armv7 compatible processor . they do have an experimental build for armv6 based devices , which you can download here but according to the warning on the page , that is broken at the moment . if you keep an eye on there they may announce when it starts working .
i can understand your concern , but i have also never seen a film that specifically covers the camera lens window . i have not used a zagg , but other screen films i have purchased in the past included the excess film on the card - if the zagg included this you could possibly cut your own square or circle to cover the lens window . otherwise i would suggest checking your retailer of choice for another inexpensive film that you can use to cut your own window from . in the past i have purchased screen protectors on clearance from places like staples , walmart , etc for obsolete devices so i could cut them to protect camera screens , etc .
from my answer on the when will dual core android phones start to become available ? question , there is a good comparison of the hummingbird vs snapdragon processor systems here . hummingbird is a system made by qualcomm and used in phones like the nexus one and htc desire , the snapdragon is made by samsung and used in devices like the galaxy s and galaxy tab . omap is another system chip brand , this one by texas instruments and used in phones like the motorola droid and the palm pre . all of three of those are " system on a chip " systems , where the cpu , some memory , and some other processors like the graphics procesing unit , digital signal processors or wireless signal processing unit are all built into the same chip . building all of this into a single chip instead of having all the individual capabilities spread out across separate chips gives a lot of savings in power usage , size and space used inside a phone . the cpu inside all of them uses the arm processor architecture , which is a standard set of instructions and abilities that the cpu follows . as do the iphone 's processors , the iphone 4 's processor is also made by samsung and is very similar to the snapdragon processors used in galaxy s 's . other processor architectures that you may have heard of are the intel x86 processor architecture , or the amd64 , one of which is probably powering the machine you are reading this at .
you cannot install cwm recovery onto the samsung galaxy tab p1000 via rom manager app . you will need to flash it via odin or heimdal utilities . xda-developers forums are a good start . i suggest reading up on the galaxy tab android development section . this thread seems to have good instructions for flashing clockworkmod v3 along with a euro-specific kernel . this should be a good start that will allow you to format the tab to ext4 file system , and allow for flashing other roms such as cm9 alpha/beta . what is in the package : galaxy tab ( euro ) kernel 1.4ghz clockspeed ( stock voltage ) voodoo sound patch v6 ( search the market for the voodoo control app ) 100 % mcr ext4 compatible and separate overcome version uv control by sysfs or app ( thanks to xan ) camera/key-backlight working uv lcd ( 3.3v to 2.6v ) thanks to koxudaxi uv ram ( 1.8v to 1.6v ) thanks to koxudaxi led flash for flash light apps thanks to koxudaxi filesystem support - ext2/ext3/ext4 frequencies 100/200/400/800/1000/1200/1400 rooted adb shell clockworkmod 3 ( thanks to paul obrien ) always backup your stuff before flashing anything . extract the zip and use heimdall to flash the zimage ( kernel directory ) . heimdall must be version 1.1.0 or greater . you must have the libusb drivers working in download mode before you can flash using heimdall . use the command line : heimdall flash --kernel zImage where zimage is the name of the kernel , full path names are allowed . downloadlink : galaxy tab 1.4ghz v16 - mcr version if you have a problem with the sensors just push this file to /system/lib/hw : http://xda.richardtrip.org/tab/sensors.default.so
i am afraid you are out of luck . the app does not support changing the location and the filesystem does not support soft links . i suggest you contact amazon and suugest they add the feature .
you can download an app called es file manager and it lets you move music that is downloaded to anywhere you like . and then amazon mp3 will read it anywhere on your device .
manually moving files as suggested by michael above works ( i use ghost commander on my device ) , but today i found the amazon mp3 mover app . it automatically moves the files to the folder you specify on your sd card as they download and then the amazon mp3 player app ( or apollo or whatever else you might use ) finds them in their new location . i just downloaded it a few minutes ago and am testing it . so far so good !
as you said , there is no official ics for galaxy mini . but cyanogenmod 10 and 10.1 work on the galaxy mini . i am using cyanogenmod 10.1 rc5 . it is a jelly bean rom , but it works perfectly with my mini . you can find it on xda-developers .
the ics will not support to the galaxy mini or galaxy pop
the offical ics does not work on galaxy mini . but we can run it by cyanogenmod . i have tried it everything works fine . it has both pros and cons pros 1 . you can feel the ics os very good . 2 . nice graphics cons 1 . battry life will be redused 2 . memory will not be suffician to run apps that support in ics speed of phone will be redused considerably
although the solution by izzy ( above ) is brilliant , it did not work for me on nexus 5 running android 4.4 . i ran into the bug after installing a to-do app . every time i tried to share a page in chrome , it defaults to google keep ! strange , but the problem and the solution is given here : http://www.reddit.com/r/android/comments/1rcnow/did_the_default_behavior_of_share_change_in/ essentially , you just need to go to settings . . . apps , then click the overflow menu in the top right . when it opens , select reset app preferences . other than having to select my default launcher again , it seems to have solved the problem with no side effects . credit to tacomonstrous at reddit for the solution .
there are multiple ways to clear " default actions": walking through the list of apps in settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , looking at each entry whether it has a " clear defaults " button , and hit that ( not very user-friendly -- and in this special case obviously not applyable , as the action seems not bound to a special app ) using a helper app like e.g. default app manager or defaultapp reset ( much more user-friendly -- but not suitable in this case , for the same reason as the previous point ) installing another app which uses the same intent ( in case of a " homescreen launcher " and the " home " key , another launcher , to give an example ) -- not always easy to figure out what app might be fitting for this purpose . this is what lead to success in our case here , by installing andmade share note : you do not need to keep that app installed . it is the installation of the app which " drops " the default . this is also the purpose why the next item works : updating/uninstalling one of the apps currently using this intent ( to take above example : that is why you will be asked again when your launcher received an update ) -- this point just for completeness : )
after a bit of investigation , i found there is people already working on having cyanogenmod on this model : https://github.com/sebastian404/android_device_huawei_u8160
there are two places to look for more information on this . that would be the actual cyanogenmod website and the xda-developers forum . a search of both places shows that there is not anything readily available for the u8160 . this means that you would need to do a significant amount of hacking to get it working .
with the latest update to google+ something changed in the photos app . to ensure you are deleting the right pictures take the following steps : go into the photos app click on the top left corner for the side menu scroll down to folders and click on it you will be presented with the different folders on your phone . delete everything from there and check your storage again .
i am not a big " cloud fan " ( au contraire , i am avoiding it wherever possible ) , so my suggested approach is a little different – though it should work with the cloud as well : for a comparable task , i am using foldersync . it supports a load of protocols ( ftp , ftps , sftp , webdav , samba/windows shares ) and even cloud services ( onedrive , copy.com, dropbox , dump truck , sugarsync , bitcasa , ubuntu one , box .net, livedrive , hidrive , google docs , netdocuments , amazon s3 ) . you can define " folder pairs " , i.e. one local folder and one corresponding remote folder ) to be synchronized . you can have that synchronisation done manually , automatically based on a schedule , or have it triggered by tasker . now for our " special case": you can define how the synchronisation shall be done : local &lt ; -> remote : changes are synchronized both ways local -> remote : only changes on your device are transfered to the remote , not the other way around local &lt ; - remote : the opposite direction folder pairs in foldersync ( source : google play ; click image for larger variant ) plus you can specify what shall be done when a file no longer exists " on the other side " , e.g. leave it untouched in your case . so with a one-way sync " local → remote " and " keep option " , you should have a solution to your problem . only thing missing might be the " immediate backup " whenever a picture has been taken – but if a " delay " seems " impractical " , you still can approach that via tasker .
there is the free and open source tunes viewer which is sadly not available in the play store ( apple probably does not allow it ) : the easiest way is to install the foss market f-droid which hosts such apps and install tunes viewer from there ( search for " tunesviewer" ) . it is also directly available as an . apk installation file here , but i would prefer the f-droid market installation because you get updates . the project 's homepage is on sourceforge . ps : the f-droid repository is an easily-installable catalogue of foss ( free and open source software ) applications for the android platform . the server contains the details of multiple versions of each application , and the android client makes it easy to browse , install them onto your device , and keep track of updates . *
unfortunately , you will have to download itunes . . then drag the downloaded courses over to your mobile device . .
according to the google product forums with google maps for android 6.10 the latitude widget is no longer available . you can view your friends ' locations quickly by touching the latitude icon , or by turning on the latitude layer in google maps .
do not forget dlna using the allshare app , if your tv system supports it .
see this page for the galaxy s 's standard tv-out cable as sold by samsung , this plugs into the 3.5mm headphone port on the phone . it can also output hdmi via an adaptor that plugs into the micro-usb port , though this has the obvious disadvantage that you can not plug it into power to charge at the same time as playing .
according to this blog post , you need a 3.5mm -> rca/phono cable , and it goes in the headphone socket of the phone .
contacts , by default , that are saved on the device , will sync with the google account ( or accounts ) that are signed in on the device . if you have contacts on your sim , you can go in to the contacts application , go in to the menu and select " import/export " , then you select import from sim . this will import your contacts that are on your sim to the account ( s ) that you are logged in to on the device . finally , make sure you have contact sync enabled for your account . go in to the settings -> accounts and sync , select the google account you want to sync the contacts and then make sure " contacts " is checked . in response to your last comment about " you can save contacts to sim " , i guess that would depend on your device . aosp ( stock ) android 2.3.5 does not give you the option for phone the device and sim . below is a screenshot of all of my synced accounts , and the only option for " unsynced " . since you say you see icons next to some of them , i would be willing to guess you have a samsung device that is running touchwiz . there is a setting that you can change to " always add to ' this ' account " . do not bother " linking " multiple contacts together , it is only on the phone side , it does nothing when syncing .
i remember this . when i first got my phone i made the same mistake , setting my contacts to save to my phone instead of google . i believe i ended up using the free version of mybackup to backup my contacts , then restore them as google contacts .
open the contact list on your phone . hit the menu button from your contact list . from the list that appears hit the import/export tab . this will bring up a list of available export and importing options . once you have picked the option that applies to you the list will be backed up . what is left to do is import the contact list on your new phone . one more option , follow the guide : how to backup android contacts to gmail
it is been reported as a known issue on code . google . com . there is a long list of 79 comments which seem to indicate that rooting and adding a program called " autostarts " fixes the problem . this is obviously not something everyone is going to want to do . . . be careful if you go that route .
you can use the headset blocker widget to disable that behavior .
there is a known bug that disallows sorting of wma files by track number . you could try using mediamonkey or something like mp3tag on your pc to rename the file as %track_number% - %Artist% - %Title%.wma or something similar , so it sorts by name . also try meridian player - you can create a playq ( kinda like a playlist and then sort that by track , i believe . and be sure to take a look @ mort player too .
i stopped using the corporate email app that came with my droid because of stability issues and reasons like this . i got touchdown ( appbrain ) for my work ms exchange email and have not looked back . i realize this does not offer a solution to your problem 's symptoms , but it would solve your main problem by avoiding the inferior exchange app all together .
i have the same problem . one possible reason is that the graphics card does not support it . delete graphics , especially pics attached in the phonebook . everytime i am tempted to attach pics to the phonebook , i get this problem . hope it will help .
i have uninstalled taskkiller as i read that these types of applications can cause stability issues on android 2.1 and 2.2 . so far so good . . .
i know its too late to answer the question . but anyway , restart generally occurs when , phone is going out of resources , ( memory ) bad battery contacts , due to frequent pullouts . faulty apps leading to crash and screens of death . i am saying so as android too is an os and these are the basic nature of an os . so if your milestone is rooted , use xda assistant from market and do some tweaks to your phone like see your startup list and remove unwanted services while boot . also download infollc cachecleaner to clean cache on regular intervals . install adblockers to block unwanted ads , sometimes they leads to crash . remove all apps that are not in use . instead of auto cleaning , do manual memory cleanup {ram} using taskkillers . dont use any battery defenders as they too run their own service on the phone 24x7 {in wake phone} and consumes memory . use app2sd and try to move all your apps from phone memory to your sd card . finally i would like to say , keep your os as light ( clean ) as possible .
i use the gemini calendar app , and it seems to sync back to your google account . it does , however , require the stock google calendar app , which based on your question , may pose a problem .
assuming samsung have made the same changes for the captivate as the galaxy , then fully opening an appointment in the calendar app and pressing edit , you should have a line labelled " calendar " that will say " my calendar " ( this is the local calendar on the phone ) , press the arrow beside that and it takes you to a list of your calendars and lets you select your google calendar to move the appointment there . also when you are in the calendar and want to create a new appointment there are two ways to do it . either long pressing on a day/time takes you to the quick appointment creation box , this always goes into your phone 's local calendar and then needs moving out to your gcal . however if you press the menu button and select " create " then it takes you to the same screen as the edit screen , and you can pick which calendar to save to from there .
i was googling for the same product that works for my galaxy tab 2 tablet . i found the irig microphone too , but it was somewhat of an overkill for my purpose since i already have a microphone . so i searched for this "3.5mm 4-pole mic headset adapter " on ebay and found this item . it costs only $4 , and it will allow you to use a standard microphone .
i am unable to answer your question fully , but the part " and i do not know if the lower or middle or upper part is for the microphone " , you can verify it quite easily . what you need to have is a head phone that came with your device or the one that works ( both mic and headphone speaker should work ) , a 1.5v battery cell and a pair of small wire . just wear the headphone and hold the battery in your hand with one wire connecting the battery 's negative terminal to your head phone 's lowest terminal ( ground ) . connect another wire to the positive terminal of the battery and touch the other end of the wire on any other terminal of the headphone connector . you can hear a pop or hiss on one of your ear . if you do not hear anything , then it could be the mic or you have not completed the circuit . by this way you can identify the parts of the head phone connector ( right , mic , left , ground , generally in this order , but varies from device to device ) . if you are ready with believing what you is see , then the following image will explain .
there are professional bluetooth-to-xlr adapters availabe ( google search ) that work just like any bluetooth headset with hfp or a2dp profile . quality ( especially the hfp mode may be subpar ) and latency may vary from wired solutions , though . jkaudio has such a product : daptor 3
i use the irig pre xlr input adapter and headphone output with phantom power on my htc wildfire . it works fine in flight mode . i use the tapemachine pro app .
you will need a ts connector for mic-only or trrs for a headset with a mic , see this wikipedia article . for example , this trs to trrs adapter is supposed to work with the galaxy nexus and includes a mic . i am not sure if you would need to plug in headphones for it to work , but you could certainly plug them in and not use them . you did not mention bluetooth ; you could also potentially use a bluetooth headset or mic . of course , it may be the case that the stock camera app will not record audio from the external mic , in which case you may need to run a separate audio recording app or simply use a different video recording app . this app looks like it can record audio from a headset ; i am sure there are others .
http://www.startech.com/cables/audio-video/audio-cables/35mm-4-position-to-2x-3-position-35mm-headset-splitter-adapter-male-to-female~muyhsmff i think this is what you are looking for .
i originally wrote this article for iphone microphones and audio inputs , but it applies almost equally as well to any android device that has a headset jack ( trrs , as mentioned in other answers ) . the two primary things you need to do are : make sure the physical connection works—thus the need for a trrs to trs adapter like those made by kvconnection . make sure the input signal has the correct impedance . for the iphone , this is about 600ω . not sure what each model android phone uses , but this makes the level of the microphone or audio device match up correctly to the input on your phone . some phones will cut off the audio completely if the impedance is way off , as a safeguard against blowing out the audio circuit . once you can make the physical connection and have the right impedance , you just need a good audio recording app that will use the headset audio input . see my article for some ideas .
today i have made some progress in this question . on iphone you can buy a irig mic which can do the job ( and it should work on android too ) . but since i want to use another external microphone i have decided to make the adapter myself from some different adapters ( which does the same thing as irig mic , but with a female 3.5 mm jack output , so i can use my wireless microphone with it ) i have ordered the parts from an online store in denmark , but you can get it all over the internet , you just need to know what you need : ) the first thing you need is a 3.5 mm male 4 pole conductor jack ( trrs ) to rca adapter . like this one then you need a rca to either female jack or xlr adapter ( either if your mic has a jack or xlr output ) like this one and thats all . then you can plug everything together and use the mic of your choice on your android phone . ( btw some stock camcorder apps can not use external microphones , then just use this camcorder app : https://market.android.com/details?id=rubberbigpepper.lgcamerafeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesinj1ymjlcmjpz3blchblci5sz0nhbwvyysjd ) i am using this app ^^ with this set of wireless microphones and i am just waiting for the last adapter in the mail tomorrow . . so from tomorrow i can record with my galaxy nexus and record the sound via the wireless microphone on a distance up too 30 meters :d and if i need to go around with the phone and the microphone , i will just plug in a wired microphone to the female jack and go around with the phone and microphone in my hand : ) i hope someone in the future can use this information which was very hard to find on the internet : ) when i have some time later today or tomorrow , i will upload a couple pictures to illustrate my setup : )
or this . . . http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/sensitive-tie-clip-lapel-lavalier-microphone-for-samsung-galaxy-smartphones-/280916075048?pt=uk_music_instruments_microphones_mjvar=hash=item4167e72228#ht_2015wt_872
i use documento - office viewer to open xps files .
there is an app called ebookdroid
mupdf supports viewing xps and is free : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.artifex.mupdfdemo
i am looking for an xps reader too . two points . first , google docs viewer supports . xps files ( getting to know the google docs viewer ) but google docs mobile viewer does not , per my experience and this support page ( viewing files from within google docs ) . i spent time trying because this cached page ' s article title is google docs mobile viewer for android , iphone , ipad has been released and has this list of tags that made me think i would found a solution . article tags:xps android , xps viewer android , android xps , xps viewer for android , android xps viewer , android xps reader , xps reader android second , perhaps if enough people show interest there will be an xps viewer available from the android market . i added to the android market xps viewer feature request thread .
unfortunately , it does not look like there is support for reading xps documents on android products as of yet . but there are nice little utilities , like xps to image converter that will allow you to convert them to images or pdf files viewable on your android device .
no idea about other apps but angry birds save data is stored to /data/data/com . rovio . angrybirds/files if you copy over the contents to a separate location , then re-install angry birds and move back the old save data into the same location after re-installing angry birds , you should have the same save state .
-close all apps -open the app by clicking on the shortcut -navigate to multitasking screen -this will show the currently cached/running apps -locate the app name which corresponds to the app opened by the shortcut -you have now found the app .
there is an app called tango it allows video-calling to mobile from a pc . it also supports 3g phones too . its really good and free worldwide .
this article describes the next release of skype for android ( v . 2.1 ) which now supports 17 phones on video chat . the answer before was directing to other services or modified versions of skype , but this is official , so i thought i would post it .
since you are rooted , you could also try the newest version of google talk . it is not officially supported but i use it on my evo just fine ( i run cyanogenmod 7 , though ) . oovoo has a desktop client and a mobile app , enabling mobile to pc video calls ( supports the evo , but have not tried it myself ) . there also appears to be a plugin for the yahoo ! messenger app which enables video chat between mobiles or with the pc client . again , i have not tried this one myself , but it seems to be the least restrictive about what devices it supports . edit : it looks like there is a thread on xda where people are talking about skype with video on the evo . might be something helpful there .
i do not think there is a way short of finding a root enabling exploit . adb backup -apk -shared -all only backs up for user 0 for both /data/user/ and /storage/emulated/ ( for non devices without expandable storage ) . no luck with 4.4 either .
/data/system/dropbox is not part of " dropbox " it is part of the android os dropboxmanager ( not related at all to " dropbox" ) . this puts data from application crashes and kernel logs and such in this log directory . i know the market uses this directory ( see #4 ) as well , probably to report application crashes . you could probably remove the data in this directory , but do not delete the directory and you may see logcat errors from parts of the os/apps looking for specific files in this directory . edit : i deleted everything from this folder and rebooted my device afterwards , i had no issues with any applications , and it actually freed up some space on the device .
if you do not want your users to download a player to show the videos , then you have no other choice but to create videos with the h . 264 baseline profile . this is because the stock android player does not support anything higher . ios on the other hand does support the main and high profile . while not listed in the ios specifications , the iphone 4s and upwards should support it . it could very well be that your samsung 's video app records high profile video and can also play it ( because samsung included a non-stock player* ) . in any case , converting to baseline profile would ensure that the video is playable on all devices . ffmpeg -i input.mp4 -c:v libx264 -profile:v baseline -pix_fmt yuv420p -crf 23 output.mp4  that should do it . you can change the crf parameter to change quality . check the x264 encoding guide for more . * disclaimer : i do not own a samsung android phone . no idea if they have a non-stock player .
seems that the ext sd card is not mounting after a while , it could be a hardware failure
i think the only solution you have there is to reformat your tablet . if there is a way you could connect your tablet to a computer , then try to back up everything like your photos . the apps will really be deleted so you have to manually download them again from the appstore . your problem shows that there is a program with recognizing the sd card . there is also another option which is check if the sd card you used was really okay and not broken or damaged . try to insert it to other device and see if it will be recognized or if you could save anything to it . if yes , then the problem is with your tablet that needs reformatting . if not , then try to replace your sd card and try again . good luck !
the problem is with the kernel . i had also faced this problem before and got out of the boot loop . follow the instructions given below . download the stock firmware from www.sammobile.com download heimdall suite . extract the firmware package and copy the zimage file into the heimdall suite directory . install the driver for the phone . boot the phone into download mode by pressing volume down + home button + power . connect the phone to the computer using the usb cable supplied along with the phone . open command prompt and change the directory to heimdall suite . now type heimdall flash --kernel zImage a blue bar will come on the screen . after the flash is complete , the phone will reboot normally . after the reboot , go to the apps screen to check if the superuser app is installed . if superuser is installed , your phone is rooted . to install cyanogenmod , follow the following instructions : copy the rom to a folder in the sd card . copy the zimage file provided by cyanogenmod into the heimdall suite directory . boot the phone into download mode . connect the phone to the computer . open command prompt . change the directory to heimdall suite and flash the kernel using the following command : heimdall flash --kernel zImage the phone will reboot and go into a bootloop . turn off the phone by removing the battery . boot the phone into recovery mode by holding volume up + home button + power . now flash the rom using the method mentioned here you will now have cyanogenmod installed on your phone .
edit honestly , i am not 100% sure that this was really a problem related to the kernel . i think that the " problem " could be also caused by the fact that pressing the home key in recovery mode results in a reboot . the correct way to select a recovery item is to press the power button . original post i had the same issue two days ago . the problem was the kernel . after switching to the kernel that was mentioned a few wiki changes before it worked like a charm . kernel : http://cmw.22aaf3.com/aries/gt-i9000/root/hardcore-speedmod-i9000.zip md5: afccda1f4efb560398dd5bc107bb7a69 i even ( re- ) added this information but it was again reverted . :- (
you can use these 2 recovery softwares to recover data from a damaged partition table if this is the case : http://www.recovermyfiles.com/data-recovery-software-download.php http://www.piriform.com/recuva
maybe the media device ( mtp ) option is disabled . make sure that this is enabled , you would find this under the menu option " usb computer connection " in settings > device > storage . also make sure that " usb debugging " is disabled in settings > system > developer options .
if you go to settings > security > device administrators do you see the app listed there ? if so uncheck the checkbox and you should be able to un-install the app ( using the play store app or from the application manager )
two devices with similar names , like the sony xperia z and the sony xperia z1 , do not necessarily have the same kind of hardware . sometimes there are even devices sold under one model name , such as the samsung galaxy sii , where the variants available in different countries have completely different systems-on-ship ( socs ) and other different hardware . devices with different hardware need different drivers and c . and a lot of system integration work that can not be shared between the two . testing an unstable release to find the problems with it is very time-intensive , and of course can only be done on the exact hardware being targeted . since cyanogenmod is made by enthusiast developers , rather than by people who are paid to do it , support depends on having an interested community of people with the system integration knowledge needed , and enough such people having that particular phone to run and test the rom images . it may be that there is not much more work required to support your device , but the people who might be able to do that do not happen to have one . or it may be that none of the porters who have your device have enough free time right now to dedicate to testing and fixing roms . lots of volunteer projects like this are stopped when members have children or start new jobs . even if you do not have the necessary knowledge , there are other ways you can help get your device supported . you might be able to help by contributing some money to support the developers , devices so that more enthusiasts can spend time working on it , or by testing and reporting bugs to make the process faster . if you ask the cyanogenmod community how you can get involved and what would help , i am sure they had respond positively to that .
its hard to find such an app . because all other apps will be idle when a call arrives . so while answering a call you can not play a file . also in india 's network we can not use voice message services from an app . it can be possible by carrier itself . before some months , i tried to create such an app . but due to above issue i can not make it happen . lots of similar apps are available in play store but it will not support in india .
stock ics and jelly bean already support this option . go to settings > security and uncheck the power button instantly locks option . now , your phone will lock only after the desired period of inactivity . note , you may have to set the automatically lock option to something other than " instantly " in order to get the delayed lock .
you may need to re-enable syncing of your google contacts . here 's a simple guide on how to do that : http://www.wikihow.com/sync-google-contacts-with-android . also , the contacts may be on your phone , but not set to display . to fix this , go into your contacts list , hit the menu/options button , and open " contacts to display " . make sure that your gmail contact list is enabled in this menu . finally , if those do not work , check this link : https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/gmail/zcwhbp5d9h4
just go to settings - apps - maps and uninstall updates . it may be that the new updates are the reason it crashes . it would be good if you can switch off location setting in google now because every time you use google now it starts locating via network or gps and starts up the map application in the background .
you can move apps that support it to that sd card , as that is the one used by android to install apps to . just go to settings apps and select the app , and then click the move to sd card button . if you want to move them all you must be rooted , and can use this app , which allows you to force apps to the ( internal ) sd card .
the best option you can use open the menu in play store and then go to settings and then mark the notification:notify me about updates to apps or games that i downloaded and then you will get the notification and update them whenever you want to . also unmark the auto-update apps so it will never update them automatically .
if you are asking about updating apps from the google play store , the latest version ( v3.10.9 as of this writing ) does not have an option for that . if you are talking about updating content within apps themselves , this depends on each app . most apps that connect to the internet to refresh their content have controls of some sort that allow you to specify the updating frequency based on time of day , and sometimes based on wifi state . it may be possible to implement refreshing based on charging state ( possibly might need root privileges ) , but that functionality is up to the developers .
there is no way to do this , except to only select to manually update apps , and them update them when you have your charger connected . there is no way to automatically restrict them .
most likely this is a bug in the rom you are using . cyanogenmod nightly builds are unstable and often have missing functionality : they are not recommended for everyday use , only for testing . try updating your rom to a more stable build of cyanogenmod , if one is available .
i was able to untangle the knot of directories by reading the android init scripts . /data/media/0/ is the original . by mounting sshfs ( remember to set allow_other ) to subdirectories of /data/media/0/ i have access to it from android applications .
i found out that there was a bug in the samsung os that corrupted the desktop backup password . one day , my phone bootlooped and , after a reset , i could backup fine with no backup password set .
the files ( if they are considered as such ) to which logs are written by the device are not in /system but in /dev/log . these " files " are reset at every boot , so unless the device you have has a boot-time script that automatically saves logs to a file in , say , /sdcard , there is sadly no way to retrieve the logs you want while in recovery .
if it is a known issue , and it is already fixed in the nightly builds , then you should not have long to wait before the fix reaches the stable version . if you can not wait that long , then the firefox beta offers a middle-ground , and will probably get the fix sooner . if you know enough programming , you could try and make your own firefox build that consists of the stable branch with this one bugfix merged into it . ( if you do not know how you would do this , you should not attempt it . ) but if the fix is non-trivial , your custom build is more likely to have bugs than even the nightly , because your build will not have had even the minimal testing that the nightly gets .
cell standby being high means you have a really weak signal wherever your phone was . the phone cranks its radio up to maximum power to try to maintain a usable signal . there are several ways to stop it - none of them ideal : put the phone somewhere with a better signal ( near a window maybe ) put it in airplane mode to turn off the radio ( but you will not be able to get phone calls/texts ) switch to a carrier that has a better signal near your home/workplace as for why it is doing it now , it could be that you are leaving the phone in a different place in your house most of the time , or weather is affecting the signal strength , or sprint is extra crummy in your area lately .
it could be an application keeping the phone awake . on my htc desire s i can click any application present in the settings battery pane and see the time the application keeps the phone awake .
here are the areas that effect battery life - hope this may help weather widget on front screen . - click to open -> menu -> setting -> auto refresh = every 3 hours then go to " settings " ( the lines in read are the titles seen on the main settings screen most of which you can go in to and change more settings ) wifi - off when not in use bluetooth - off when not in use . data usage mobile data = on more settings flight mode - off s beam = off wifi direct - off near by device -> switched off mobile networks -> use packet date = on data roaming = off sound ( scroll down to system ) keytones = on touch sound = on screen lock sound = on haptic feedback = off autp haptic = off display brightness - open -> set to auto screen time out - after 30 seconds smart stay = on auto rotate = on touch key light duration = 1.5 seconds screen mode = standard auto adjust screen power = ok display battery percentage = on led indicator charging = on low power = off missed event = on motion motion activition = on direct call = on smart alert = on tap to top = off tilt to zoon = off pan to move icon = off pan to browse images = off shake to update = on turn over to mute = on palm swipe to capture = on palm touch to mute = on power saving cpu power saving = on screen power saving = on background colour = on turn off haptic feedback = on accounts and sync general toggle at top - on dropbox - no sync google mail = sync then open the option to display more sync calendar = on sync chrome = on sync contact = on sync gmail = on sync google phot = off sync google play books = on sync google play movies = off sync google + = on sync instant upload = off sync internet = on sync picasa web albums = off facebook - sync samsung account - no sync skype - no sync if you use drop box go in to the setting here and turn upload using = wifi only location services use wireless network = on use gps = on use sensor aiding = off ( wasnt to sure what this was so left it off ) location and google search = on security screen lock = pattern with swipe lock = on lock screen option -> shortcuts = on information ticker = off camera quick access = on ( might as well switch this off as i cant work out how to get by the pattern recognition for the camera to auto start ) clock = on dual clock = off weather = on ripple effect = on help text = on wake up in samsung unlock = off make patterns visable = on lock auto = 5 seconds lock instantly on power key = on vibrate on screen tap = off language and input default = samsung keyboard google voice type = off samsung keyboard = on -> in to settings predictive text = on continuous input = off keyboard swipe = on handwritting = on voice input = grayed out auto caps = on auto punctuation = on character preview = on key tap vibration = on key tap sunbd = on voice commands for apps = off acccessibility auto rotate = on speak passwords = off screen timeout = 30 seconds lock ato = 5 seconds talk back = off install webscript = not alloweed negative colours = off developer mode - everything is off
the usb 2.0 specification define that the usb 2.0 voltage is 5v so if you have the lightning to micro usb adapter you won`t experience any problems . but directly conecting the micro usb from your samsung galaxy nexus wont work .
technically yes , but you need a lightning to micro usb adapter , like this one .
eldarerathis is right . the iphone 5 uses a lightning cable . meanwhile , the galaxy nexus uses a micro usb cable . as you can see , they are quite different .
just a few reasons android uses a lot of power : large , colorful , bright display constant wireless connections background applications application/cloud syncing user input garbageware applications running when no one asked them to poorly written applications using more cpu cycles than needed basically , everything about your phone that makes it " smart " , uses battery power - often a lot . if you were to dim the display to minimum , turn off all wireless communications and have no applications running and syncing , your smartphone would have outstanding battery life ; and be quite useless .
basically android need to be interpreted which takes more cpu cycles . compared to very efficient systems like the symbian and meego android will always use maybe 2 times more power due to most code not being native .
this might sound crazy , and i do not recommend anyone try it , but . . . i had tried cleaning the female charging port on the tablet with alcohol and q-tips and had no luck . i decided to use the tip of a mechanical pencil ( metal tip ) to scrape the contacts to see if they had build up . i put the metal tip in to scuff them up and ( since the tablet was on ) , a huge spark shot out of the tablet and it immediately shut off . i assumed i fried it , but it turned back on . . . . . . and worked perfectly from that point on . it was then recognized by my computer . obviously , this is somewhat crazy and i do not recommend people try this . i had tried every method of connection from the far ends of the internet with no luck . somehow it worked normally after this point . could the spark/firework show have cleaned the contacts ? i know that some pins are for charging ( which it would do fine ) and other pins are for data . my tablet is now working .
i do not think there is one i have not seen one however you might try a third party tablet maker some times they have some
i found this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=infinitegra.trial.usbcamera this is an android application to display and record the video from an usb camera which is connected to a smart phone or a tablet device . for more details please check his website : http://www.infinitegra.co.jp/en/solution/androidapp1-spec.htm
i ran into the problem where /storage/emulated/0 no longer existed and was able to fix it safely . what i did was use the camera app to take a picture . i observed that the pictures details said it was within /storage/emulated/0 , though that directory did not exist from the file explorer . then i rebooted the phone . after reboot the directory was recreated .
you can go to Settings &gt; Display and then un-check auto-rotate . since that is rather inconvenient , i installed an app called power toggles which makes it possible to force lock the screen orientation to landscape or portrait from the notification bar very easily . i particularly liked this app since its very lightweight , only about 248kb . it also makes it possible to add single-click actions for things such as the turning on the flashlight or mobile hotspot .
to lock home screen so it would not rotate , just go to launcher settings and disable " rotate screen " . that is all you need to do . i am referring to nexus 4 with os 4.3 there is nothing is settings that will help . i have been fighting with this for a week not remembering how i did it in the first place . .
tap the red and white diamond icon in the upper left-hand corner of the map screen to change orientation/view setting in navigation . that should get you back to the " behind the wheel " turn-by-turn view you want . ( just a note that the red half of the icon will always point north no matter what mode you are in . ) i was stuck on this one too and there is no option in the " settings " menu to define the orientation view .
clearing the app cache ( and data ) seems to have resolved the issue for me .
answer copied from drake in can i sync firefox bookmarks with android ? xmarks premium allows to synchronize all bookmarks between different pcs ( supports chrome , firefox and more ) and different mobile phones/tablet ( android , iphone , blackberry ) for 12$/year . edit #1: if you are looking for a free alternative , you can try dolphin browser ( it is available for both android and blackberry ) . dolphin lets you sync bookmarks .
i do not think you can do this with your stock player . after some digging i found a good app for you . it is called voice action music player see if this suits for you .
the above mentioned gosms method will work . export them to xml . get a useful xml reader . i have done it with notepad but its a lot harder to read . you need to find all of the old number , and replace all with the new number . save . then delete all conversations on your phone . this will help you get a clean slate for messages to be added . then import to your device . i have done this with " sms backup and restore " app and it works . it is also worth noting that you can export and combine the conversations too . between old and new number . but you will have to change more in the xml such as the total number of sms messages usually in the beginning of the xml .
i have not tried this , but it might work : the go sms pro app has an export and import feature . you could export the conversation to an xml file , do a search and replace of the number , and import it back . i have no idea if it will override the conversation of the new number , so better do a back-up first . or you might as well export both conversations ( old and new numbers ) and merge them . just take note though that the xml file has an sms count ; you might want to update this value . as for the call log , i have no idea . i think call logs are not very useful anyway .
please be specific if you were asked for any security pin when you entered the wrong password 10 times ? and did you log in into any samsung account ? if yes , then try to recover your password by logging in to your samsung account . if you were not asked for any of the above options then factory reset is the only solution !
try the factory reset or the firmware update using samsung kies . note :-doing a factory reset may unlock your phone for sure but u will lose all the data ( applications installed , contacts on the phone memory etc )
i just ran into the same problem . everything works but dns . i found before that my cell provider , bell , blocks udp 53 to anything but their servers . maybe dns is not going through openvpn on android but openvpn is changing the servers . i noticed that some other apps did not go through openvpn , like the play store .
i found now a solution myself : first , cat /etc/resolv.conf is not a valid way to display the used dns servers under android . use getprop net.dns1 instead . in my case the dns server was not the google server as set in /etc/resolv.conf , instead it was one of my isp which accepts only requests from ips in its network but my openvpn server is in another network . to solve this issue i just modified /system/etc/dhcpcd/dhcpcd-hooks/20-dns.conf a bit : that will force the phone to always use the google dns servers for all connections ( e . g . 3g , wifi , openvpn , . . . ) . i have tested that for a few weeks now and it works perfect .
get titanium backup pro before you experiment with kernels and roms . it is a paid app , but the best one for backup/restore of all your apps and settings . you can wait for ics as patchie says , or you can head to xda developers to look for custom roms and kernels .
you might want to wait for the next big android update for sgs2 . its called android 4 or " ice cream sandwich " . for the 15 biggest changes in ics , you can take a look at this website . if you want to backup everything before a upgrade or reinstall , use " mybackup pro " . you can get it here .
the version number come alphabetically , so a xxkh# is newer than xxkg# . if you installed your apps from the market , they will be memorized and even installed back after update . if your update comes through kies , just go ahead . . . but if its more complicated and you are not sure what it brings then why bother ?
these are called dialer codes , so naturally try typing it into your dialer as if it were a phone number . i just did it on my vibrant and got this : WlanTest Engineering Mode Status... Unloading Normal Driver and Loading Mfg Driver Driver loading successful 
i had the same problem on galaxy ace but i dialed *#526# and not # #526# # . i do not know if it is the same thing . have you also tried removing and renewing the wifi connection on your phone ?
i used the same drivers that i installed for my samsung galaxy s ( vibrant ) . 64 bit drivers 32 bit drivers
just download samsung kies and you are good to go ! . all the mobile usb drivers come inbuilt along with Kies .
i use llama to do similar things on a schedule , e.g. put my phone on silent while i am at work during working hours , turn off wi-fi when i leave home , and so on . you can set events to occur based on where you are among other conditions such as time/date , screen on/off , battery level , etc . llama learns locations based on the cell towers that are in range rather than your wi-fi or gps location , so it does not eat into your battery at all . llama does not require root . i find it very easy to use and now that i have it configured the way i want , i do not ever look at it unless i want to change something .
i use tasker to do exactly that , and much ( much ) more . whether or not it can switch between 2g and 3g seems to depend on the handset , which you do not mention . here is an example from the tasker wiki , showing how to set the phone into airplane mode at night . note that the gps only uses power if something uses it , so turning it off is highly unlikely to make any meaningful difference to your battery life .
i use timeriffic ( free ) which will turn on/off wifi , gps , change ringer , brightness etc . based on timed schedules . unfortunately " use only 2g data networks " is not in the options .
if you do not mind paying for an app , then this is very similar to the sort of thing that locale for android does , you can set it to switch stuff on or off , or run apps on your phone when certain conditions like fine/coarse location , etc are met . there are also quite a few locale plugins ( many of them free ) available on the market that give it loads of extra functionality .
also , if you use juicedefender https://market.android.com/details?id=com.latedroid.juicedefenderhl=en that has an option for night mode with everything you were talking about and more , juicedefender is pretty awesome anyway . lastly , if you have rooted your phone , cyanogenmod http://www.cyanogenmod.com/ also has a night mode .
silence can toggle your ringer , wi-fi , bluetooth , and airplane mode settings automatically over scheduled intervals . features : simple , intuitive holo-themed interface schedule events that occur once , or repeat on certain days of the week change your ringer to silent , vibrate , or normal mode turn wi-fi , bluetooth , and airplane mode on and off change your settings back automatically when the scheduled event ends there is also a paid version without ads .
maybe sweetdreams can do the work for you . according to a ruleset it will turn off bluetooth , wifi and select the ringtone configuration of your choice during a determinate time range .
you can certainly do it based on your location : http://www.twofortyfouram.com/product.html i have enquired of their support whether you can use time as one of the switching criteria , i would be surprised if you could not . even if it is not available out of the box , there is a plugin system and scripting that i am sure would do it . i do not own the app so i cannot comment on it is efficacy , but i have seen good references . edit response from developer can locale be made to switch situations based on time alone , such as going silent at night regardless of location ? john - hi john , yes !
to get a lock screen similar to the one available for windows phone , try lock screen 7 . widgetlocker lockscreen is a paid app which promises to give more lock screen options . quick launch social lockscreen is another option . then there is active lockscreen . holo locker plus and its free version .
it may depend on what phone you have but for htc phones you can add a " shortcut " of a person and have the shortcut be the whole contact card or just start an e-mail message ( or any other contract related actions ) long press on the home screen to bring up the " add to home " menu , select " shortcut " then select " person " . here you can select the person you want to be able to contact and it will provide you a list of actions to perform on that contact . select " send mail " . when you click on the new shortcut it may prompt you to choose an e-mail client but you can either choose a default or not and be able to choose which client you use each time . edit - i just tried this on my hero with a aosp custom rom and the only option i could find on the " shortcut " menu was to add a contact . this would provide you with a two-click method - once to select the contact and a second click to select the " email " action . edit2 - i just found mail widget free in the android market , which looks like exactly what you wanted . you can add widgets either 2x1 or 3x1 which will have the contact 's photo and e-mail address . one click and your default e-mail app will open ready to send a message to that contact . there is a " pro " version which allows a 1x1 widget . note : i am not the developer of this app . edit3 - i also just found that htc 's have a " people widget " . with this widget you can select certain people or groups to be displayed and each one can have a different default function when clicked . one of those functions is to send and e-mail . to do this just add the " people widget " ( it should be there by default in your widget list ) then select the group ( or create one ) that you want to be in the widget and then once the widget is up - click on the contact you want to email . this will bring up a selection of functions to apply to that contact and you can then select e-mail and you will see an envelope icon on that contact in the widget . i can not believe i missed this one before : ) . i hope either this one or the previous edit can answer your question .
maybe you should look into this rom , however i cannot guarantee if there is an availability for the nexus 7 . to quote : this rom lets you scale and project every app , every widget , even systemcomponents individually . remember , android is modular , everything is an app : lockscreen , navigationbar , dialogs , popups , keyboards , widgets , and your regular apps of course . apps have the capability to switch into various designs or layouts according to the device they run on . it is hybrid , meaning , that individual apps can change from tablet mode to phone layout mode on the fly . it is open sourced and is available on github . edit : thanks to eldarerathis for supplying the linky to the n7 version found on xda .
make sure you have turned on datasync in settings use https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.andqlimax.pushfixer to set notification heartbeat interval if nothing helps , factory-reset your phone check if the same problem appears on both phones , if yes , try a different telephony company
usually the " status 7" error means that the update is designed for a different phone model ( could be a completely different phone , or just slightly different variant of the same device . ) this check is performed against the existing build.prop file that resides in /system partition . now since the file was missing due to you having formatted the phone , you are stuck in a " catch-22" situation . the work-around is to manually remove the above mentioned check . open the rom 's zip file in your favorite archive program ( winzip , 7-zip , etc . ) within the zip , navigate to META-INF\com\google\android\ folder , and extract only the file named " updater-script" . open this file in a text editor . it is important to use an advanced editor that will not modify the unix line endings on the file when you save it . notepad++ , programmer 's notepad , or ultraedit are good choices , while windows ' built-in notepad or wordpad are not recommended . in the updater-script file , delete the first statement that begins with " assert..." . this statement may span several lines , so delete all of them . e.g. for galaxy s3 it looks like so : assert ( getprop ( "ro . product . device" ) == " m0" || getprop ( "ro . build . product" ) == " m0" || getprop ( "ro . product . device" ) == " i9300" || getprop ( "ro . build . product" ) == " i9300" || getprop ( "ro . product . device" ) == " gt-i9300" || getprop ( "ro . build . product" ) == " gt-i9300" || abort ( "this package is for \"m0 , i9300 , gt-i9300\" devices ; this is a \"" + getprop ( "ro . product . device" ) + "\" . " ) ; ) ; add your edited updater-script file back into the zip file , overwriting the original in the same location . depending on the archiving software you are using , it may be as simple as dragging and dropping it in . now you should be able to flash the modified zip file without it erroring out for model number mismatch . note that these " assert " statements are there for your own protection . you should remove them only if you are absolutely certain that the zip file you downloaded matches your phone 's model number . flashing a rom made for a different phone ( even if it is just a slightly different variant such as at and t galaxy s3 vs . verizon galaxy s3 ) may render your phone inoperable .
the problem that i have faced was caused by trying to install update of android 4.4.2 for my galaxy s3 while the update requires the previous version which is mk3 ( android 4.3 ) . as i mentioned in the question , i have formatted and deleted the whole system that is why status 7 error showed up because "system/build.prop" was already deleted . the only possible solution i made was downloading and flashing the stock rom from the official site using od3n software .
it is samsung software , built into the system in certain samsung phones . like the dropbox app , it is a service to automatically upload photos you take on your phone ; it connects to your " samsung account " if you create one . it also integrates with dropbox to sync photos to the device gallery ; if you have " camera upload " turned on in dropbox as well , this probably results in your phone having two copies of each photo : the usual one , and one in cloudagent 's storage . you can change its settings by going into the main settings app and choosing cloud from the applications manager list ( in the device section ) . you can clear its data and disable it , or " freeze " the app if your device is rooted , and the only consequence is that photos from dropbox will not show up in gallery . if you have the dropbox app installed as well , dropbox can still sync ( and automatically upload photos ) without cloudagent running .
according to the mcc/mnc table for uk , your mnc code should be 20 , not 15 . also this page suggests that you need to enter default,supl,mms ( without spaces after commas ) in the “apn type” field . if this still will not work , try omitting all mms-related settings ( mmsc , mms proxy , mms port ) and entering default,supl in the “apn type” field , then , if you get your 3g internet connection working this way , add another apn just for mms with all settings and mms in the “apn type” field .
armv6 and armv7 are two different versions of cpu architecture developed by arm . armv6 is older and armv7 is newer . armv6 was used in arm11 and arm cortex-m cpu families . armv7 is used in arm cortex-a , arm cortex-m ( newer ) , arm cortex-r cpu families . there are many feature differences which are off-topic on this website , but you can check this . the main difference is armv7 requires high memory but gives high performance which is opposite for armv6 .
the best option would be to tweak the low memory killer 's minfree parameters . some background : the low memory killer is the mainstay of android memory management . it is a more elegant approach than the linux oomkiller and it works proactively to maintain the free pool rather than only kicking in when you are completely out of free memory . it separates apps into several categories for killing if the free memory pool gets below certain points . they are generally in the following order , from first-to-die to last : empty_app - these are apps that are not doing anything , nor waiting to do anything . they are just sitting around in memory . content_provider - these are background apps that content to active apps ( e . g . the play store uses one to check for updates periodically . htc facebook sync is another common example ) . hidden_app - these are sitting in the background , not doing anything , but are still alive and possibly waiting for something . secondary_server - a server running in the background to provide services for a currently running app . visible_app - this is an application that is in the background , but it is presently doing something . foreground_app - this is what is presently running and on-screen . if the free memory pool drops below a certain amount ( e . g . 80mb is the default on my gs3 ) , the system will first start killing off anything listed as an empty app until the pool is back above that line . if after it kills off all the empty apps the memory is still below the next line ( e . g . 64mb ) , it'll start on the content providers , and so on , until eventually if only the foreground app is taking up all the memory ( on my gs3 , if everything except the foreground app has been killed and there is still less than 32mb of memory free ) and threatening the system , it'll get killed off eventually . coming back to your actual question , what we want to do is adjust these values down , so the killer will kick in later and hopefully not kill the browser when you are still wanting it open . the app minfreemanager will allow you to adjust these values . alternatively , they can be edited directly in /sys/module/lowmemorykiller/parameters/minfree where the parameters are in pages ( 4 kilobytes , so a value of 8192 means 32mb as ( ( 8192*4 ) /1024=32mb ) , and listed in reverse order from what i listed above . both of these will require root . if you do not have root , there is basically nothing we can do to help . in your case , the hidden_app parameter ( 4th item in the minfree file ) is probably what we need to change . for example , this parameter is by default 56mb on my gs3 . cutting this in half to 28m or using the mild preset in minfreemanager would be a good starting point for tweaking .
presumably , the device is using wifi to access the internet - it might be worth a shot to try this : settings > wifi hit on menu to bring up advanced tap on that menu option keep wifi on during sleep , check that , make sure its set to never in that way when the device goes to sleep , wifi is still active and running and the web app should still work and when a new job arrives we are notified with an audible alert edit the above answer is not the correct answer , rather from the comments below , this is definitely the one , in which i quote , . maybe , the approach to managing the jobs is done the wrong way , especially in context of android - a custom app that has a service using a partial wake-lock to " ping " checking on jobs , send an event to the app and the app wakes up . imho , a browser is not the right tool for the requirements in your case . in short , there is nothing that can be done to keep the web-browser " alive " while the device is sleeping , as android , behind the scenes , when the kernel is not in sleep state , is tracking what apps are running , and depending on power and memory constraints , especially in the case of a web-browser page , ( if it has a lot of styles , the more elaborate the page , the more resources hogged up as a result , especially if it has a lot of javascript behind the page ) this could be the job for the kernel to shoot it down and eject it from memory hence not reliable route to take . tl ; dr : a proper application instead of just web-browser will resolve the op 's problem . off-topic : there was a piece covered by the technology section under the bbc news in respect to mobile web browsing and how it can affect the battery due to the way web pages are designed , rather , they were designed incorrectly for the mobile platform , too much styles , too much scripting , not to mention flash as well , they all had adverse affect on how android displays/renders the page which in turn meant a lot of cpu cycles consumed to do just that .
use android-vnc-viewer to mirror the desktop pc screen , and control the desktop i had another question on android[dot]stackexchange.com: ( in using a vnc to control a computer , is it possible to have the cursor go to where you touch ? - android [ dot ] stackexchange [ dot ] com/questions/34668/in-using-a-vnc-to-control-a-computer-is-it-possible-to-have-the-cursor-go-to-wh ) in the question , i included a video : remote control of ubuntu with android-vnc-viewer - www.youtube.com/watch?v=stkx6qmbgck#t=0m30s android-vnc-viewer “see and control your computer 's desktop from your phone , from anywhere . androidvnc is the open source ( gpl ) remote desktop program for android devices . connects to most vnc servers : incl tightvnc , realvnc on win and linux , x11vnc , and apple remote desktop on os/x . ” . in the video , i do not know the input mode that is being demonstrated at 0:30 , but it looks like the mouse cursor goes to where he touches . http://code.google.com/p/android-vnc-viewer/ i am guessing that the input mode in the video was either : touch mouse pan and zoom this is the default input mode and is designed to work like the android browser . you can both pan the display and control the mouse using the touchscreen and gestures . you pan by dragging or flicking on the touchscreen ; you click the mouse by tapping on it . you right-click by double-tapping ( or by holding down the camera button while tapping ) . you drag the mouse by doing a long press on the display , and then dragging . in this mode the trackball or dpad ( if your phone has one ) can also be used to control the mouse ; this may give you finer control . you can zoom the screen size with the +/- buttons , or , if your device supports multi-touch and has android 2.0+ , you can pinch to zoom out and spread to zoom in . or : mouse control mode in this mode , use the touchscreen to control the mouse . touching the screen generates a mouse click at that point ; dragging on the screen creates a mouse drag . keyboard events are sent as normal . the trackball is used to send arrow-key events to the vnc server . pressing the trackball toggles between mouse pointer control and desktop panning modes . port forwarding if the pc you are connecting to accesses the internet through a router , this will be the wan address assigned to the router by your isp ; you will also need to forward the vnc port ( 5900 ) from the router to your pc ( exactly how you do this depends on the details of your router , so i can not give more explicit instructions here ) . hacker 's keyboard - use a full soft keyboard on android from what i have read , the stock android keyboard does not have buttons such as ctrl , alt , esc , arrow keys , home , end , and delete . you can use the free , open source , app call hacker 's keyboard to gain access to the buttons of a full keyboard : “are you missing the key layout you are used to from your computer ? this keyboard has separate number keys , punctuation in the usual places , and arrow keys . it is based on the aosp gingerbread soft keyboard , so it supports multitouch for the modifier keys . this keyboard is especially useful if you use connectbot for ssh access . it provides working tab/ctrl/esc keys , and the arrow keys are essential for devices such as the xoom tablet or nexus s that do not have a trackball or d-pad . ” http://code[dot]google[dot]com/p/hackerskeyboard/ a patch that allows android-vnc-viewer to recognize all the keys of hacker 's keyboard in “frequently asked questions” of hacker 's keyboard , there is a section called “android vnc viewer does not recognize the extra keys” . it directs you to an issue called “issue 238: support additional keys , fix modifier handling” ( code [ dot ] google [ dot ] com/p/android-vnc-viewer/issues/detail ? id=238 ) . the patch there will make it so that android vnc viewer recognizes buttons of a full keyboard . update : bvnc bvnc is a secure , open source vnc client . tested with hackerskeyboard . using it is recommended ( get hackers keyboard from google play ) . play [ dot ] google [ dot ] com/store/apps/details ? id=com . iiordanov . freebvnc and hl=en github [ dot ] com/iiordanov/bvnc update 2: jump desktop vnc i currently and personally use jump desktop vnc because the “bring-out-the-keyboard” is close , and easily reachable . with bvnc , i have to tap near the middle of the screen , and then i press a keyboard button on the right to bring out the keyboard . jump desktop vnc also lets you use a google account , so you don’t have to deal with addresses .
there are some options . they all most likely start with making some room first by moving the pictures/videos already present on internal storage/internal sd to the external sd . then : use a 3 rd party camera app supporting to save on external sd . most of them do . my personal recommendation ( very subjective of course ) would be procapture free ( and if you like it , go pro ) . try some " advanced app2sd " app from the playstore , which might be able to move ( more ) apps to the external card . this might require rooting . for some devices , there are hacks to " switch " storage locations , i.e. making the device think the external sd card is the internal , and vice versa . they for sure require root . i would go with the first option . it is the most easy to realize , does not require root , and for sure does not have that much potential to " mess things up " . you even can make the " new camera app " the default one , or switch back to the stock one anytime .
these days , the google play store ( renamed android marketplace ) does in fact have review filtering based on the rating . just click on " user reviews " and the "5 stars " , "4 stars " titles for the bar graphic are now clickable , and clicking them displays only reviews with that rating . thanks , google !
the comments are not searchable from the market app , nor are they searchable from the site , but you can search google using site:market.android.com my search terms here and it does include the comments when searching . all the comments are also visible on the market site under the " user comments " tab for the application .
as dan insisted in his comment , here as separate answer : narayanan already mentioned in his answer that each cell tower can be identified via its " cid " ( cell id ) , and there are several apps available at google play which make use of this . a few examples include : opensignal and rf signal tracker ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant ) opensignal ( first image ) . here the compass gives you the direction to the cell tower . the app has additional features as well , e.g. it can plot cell towers and wifi aps . my favorite in this area however is rf signal tracker , which has comparable features . it can show you on a map in live-mode cell towers you have been recently connected to ( including those you are connected to currently ) and their coverage ( measured while you have been connected to them ) . you can import your own cell data in csv format , or export existing ones to edit them and re-import ) . if you were in logging mode , you can even export a nice kml to see results in google maps or google earth , or simply re-play the recording . another nice feature is the list of " neighbors " , where this app logs when a connection was handed over from one cell to another . there are several more apps having comparable features , so you might want to check the " related " sections on their playstore pages to find the app best fitting for your purpose .
every cell phone transmission tower has a location area code and cell id . there are many apps in google play store that can report these two parameters of the tower that the phone is presently connected to . this is likely to be the nearest ( on the same network ) , but is not necessarily . with these data , you can visit cell2gps and find its latitude and longitude and locate in a map . there are also apps that can do this as well .
you cannot do this on the phone . any contacts created on the phone that were added to one gmail account , cannot easily be " copied " to the other gmail account , especially not in-bulk . you can however , do this quite easily on gmail 's web site : on your computer log into your gmail account that has your latest contacts , and click on " contacts " link . on the upper-right side click the " export " link , select " everyone ( all contacts ) " and " google csv format " options , and click the " export " button . when prompted , save the " google . csv " file somewhere on your computer ( e . g . c:\ drive . ) log off your gmail account , and log into your second gmail account . go to contacts , click on the " import " link , click on " choose file " button , browse to your c:\ drive ( or wherever you saved the file in step 3 , ) select the " google . csv " file , click open , and finally click the " import " button . you may also choose to add these new contacts to an existing group , or create a new one . after a few minutes , these contacts should sync to your phone under the 2nd gmail account .
rooting your phone will not in itself make it unstable . it just gives you the opportunity to make it unstable later , by installing apps that interfere with normal system operations , or changing settings that are not available to end users . if you trust yourself to use root access sensibly , then rooting will not interfere with your development .
if they are the apps came originally with your device ( and are not available for download in the play store ) , you can back up your phone and go for a factory reset . restore everything afterwards . this option would be fine since your device is still new . if the apps are available for download at google play store , simply go there and install them . this option will save some trouble for you .
you probably have not actually deleted the app , as that would have to be done via the play store or settings menu . remove from list should only remove an app from the multi-tasking list , or at most close the background process . check the list of apps in your task launcher and you should still find it available .
try this rom i , my tablet is nuclear_evb-eng4.1.1jro03c 20130628 , link : https://www.dropbox.com/s/6jtialhe1r4th0g/8064-%e5%8f%8c309-ph_a13-4.1-auto-mxc622x-20130628.img i hope it works for you . it worked with my tablet . ; )
open your rockchip tool click switch . after your computer recognize it install rockchip driver . then recover it .
  originally submitted by member ' cyberrmate-123' ( based in kolkata ) in xda forum on 4th june 2013 . all i have done is correct spelling and “flesh out” the explanation . this is not a “step by step for dummies” guide . it presumes you know about adb and where to find it . similarly it presumes you are already familiar with a unpack/repack utility in your favourite os ( windows or linux ) . but , if like me , you have reasonable skills and have spent an inordinate amount of time simply trying to recover from the situation where the uberizer does not recover your backup and you already took a ' dd'/'cat ' backup of every damn ' nand ' partition you could find . . . . . . . . . . . then you may find the following useful . note for user2247823 u said u can adb . so stick a usd card in and adb shell mount the usd change to the mounted folder n cat /dev/block/nanda > nanda .    ( this is bootloader with script . bin , etc ) cat /dev/block/nandb > nandb .     ( this is env for uboot , save fir completeness ) cat /dev/block/nandc > nandc .    ( this is boot partition with kernel and init . sun ? . rc files ) cat /dev/block/nandd > nandd .    ( this is system with vendor specific driver modules ) cat /dev/block/nandg > nandg .    ( this is recovery ) unmount the sd card and clone those files . with them you will be able to recreate an identical working copy of the stock rom that your supplier never gave you . davemusic . hi all , some allwinner device users find themselves having a clone /backup of their tablet but without the manufacturers stock rom image ( or can not find a download ) in case a custom rom fails . here is how to save yourself . download any clones stock rom . ( there are some limitations here – common sense prevails – if you have an a10 tablet then it has to be an a10 rom if you are on ics – then it has to be an ics rom . must be a livesuit image ( most are ) save original rom ** now install and setup adb and pull your whole tablets internals out . by using commands like ' adb pull system system ' . it will make a directory called system and pull your system partition into it . now for the bootloader and bootable kernel ( and it is ramdisk ) we use ' cat ' to read nand partitions ' nandc ' and ' nanda ' . su -c " cat dev/block/nanda > sdcard/bootloader . img " su -c " cat dev/block/nandc > sdcard/boot . img " . * now we change the vanilla rom to your version * now with any rom un/packing utility ( i use image repacker xda forum ) unpack the clone image . replace the boot and bootloader files inside the unpacked livesuit img and change extension to . fex ( if your packing program has an ' iso ' folder change there as well ) ( davemusic prefers to copy nandd to system . fex and nandg to recovery . fex plus the boot and bootloader as specified above ) now repack and flash . if it works immediately then that is cool . else use adb to push modules from your system folder to the rom your running . also push the ' etc ' folder to ' system/etc ' and push the ' hw ' folder in ' lib/hw ' to ' system/lib/hw ' . now reboot . it will work . ( davemusic had problems with the following because the tool " repack-bootimage . pl " was incorrect . the line that does the mkbootimage should read system ( "mkbootimg --cmdline ' console=ttys0 , 115200 rw init=/init loglevel=5' --base 0x40000000 --kernel $argv [ 0 ] --ramdisk ramdisk-repack . cpio . gz -o $argv [ 2 ] " ) ;        it is one long line . . . . that wraps in this post . but , after modding that command i was able to use it and create my livesuit image . ) * next is only if you want to create your own modified image * now for a permanent solution . use sunxi tools in ubuntu or any linux to 1st make the system . fex of the clone rom to a system . fex file using sim2img . now mount it by using ' sudo mount -o loop system . img ' now in linux you should type ' sudo nautilus ' to open the gui file browser in superuser mode . ( it makes changing files a bit easier ) . now from your backed up system folder , copy the contents of ' vendor/modules ' , ' lib/hw ' and ' etc ' to the mounted directory . ( if this seems a little strange – remember that the target directory is /system . but , your backup is relative to that . ie the '/system ' prefix disappears . so ; '/system/etc ' became simply ' etc ' and '/system/lib/hw ' became ' lib/hw' ) then use ' make_ext4fs ' to make a sparse fex file like this ; ' make_ext4fs -s -l 500m -a system system newsystem . fex ' . it will create newsystem . fex . copy it back to your unpacked rom . replace it . pack . flash . now you have “almost” got your stock rom running . ( not identical yet because you havent changed the apps , do it if you want ) . if you want you can make the ext4fs directly into your backed up system folder . ( change the target path of ' newsystem . fex'in the make_ext4fs command to include your system backup folder ) copy the new fex file back . repack . flash . it will bring your true stock rom back . on some livesuit images it corrupts the the “disk fileystem” so the internal sd doesnt mount . ( like in eken t01a 's rom ) if so - then do the following . open adb shell . then list /dev/block/nand ? the last nand partition is your sdcard . there are either 9,10 or 11 nand partitions named nanda through nandi ( or nandj or nandk ) whichever is the last - format it by using the appropriate one of the following commands ; busybox mkfs . vat /dev/block/nandi void ' or busybox mkfs . vat /dev/block/nandj void ' or ' busybox mkfs . vat /dev/block/nandk void ' reboot . then you will be able to get it mounted . now u can hav peace of mind while flashing custom roms . enjoy . caveat - it may be that you have no entries at all for ' nand ' in /dev/block . this can occur if you have the wrong version of the nand . ko module in the root directory . sorry but , fixing that issue is beyond the scope of this tutorial .
gtalksms is worth a look ( not http but does also what you want , even easier accessible ) . it is an open source xmpp bot ( google code project ) that you can add to your google talk friends list or communicate to with any xmpp client . you need to find a suitable commandline/scriptable xmpp client for your solution yourself however ( as the ' curl ' replacement in your question ) , not sure what you like to use . here 's an excerpt from the feature wiki on its google code project page : further commands send and receive files to/from the phone : " send " , " ls " enable disable bluetooth : " bluetooth " [ . . . ] take a photo and send it via xmpp : " photo " [ . . . ] geolocalize your phone - it will send you google maps links : " where " [ . . . ] get help , using " help:all "
the best solution if you are willing to write code is sl4a . this will give you the most flexibility . you could use the python module with a lightweight web framework ( like : bottle . py ) or your favorite scripting language . as a side note , get requests should not change state . also make sure you implement some sort of security as this would make it possible for anyone to control your phone remotely .
if you are rooted , you may try getting the camera apk from the 9000 onto your 9003 , but a safer and easier way would be to use alternate apps from the market . what features precisely are you missing out on in the 9003 from the 9000 ? you can try using other camera apps like camera zoom fx or fxcamera . loads more in the market , have a look-see .
cyanogenmod 6 , which is 2.2 is reported to work for the t-mobile g1 .
cyanogenmod 7.1 has been unofficially ported to the dream/sapphire platform . this is an android 2.3.5 based rom with some of the heavy weight bits stripped out . it seems to run just fine on my adp1 .
cos-ds is an android 2.3 based rom that i have been running for months on my adp1 ( identical to g1 ) . it runs quite well although applications are starting to struggle with the limited ram . there are other 2.3 based roms but when i first wanted to switch to 2.3 this was the most stable and i have stuck with it since .
i remember this being asked before this should do
the verizon network uses a technology called cdma2000 , or cdma for short . there are different types of cdma2000 connections . the first is 1x , or 1xrtt , which has a potential throughput of 153kbps , but will likely be lower depending on signal strength . when '1x ' is displayed in the status bar , this is the connection type your device has . cdma2000 1xev-do , or ev-do for short , uses multiplexing to increase throughput . the rev . a version of the ev-do standard has a potential throughput of around 3.1mbps . this is the connection type when 3g is displayed in the status bar . verizon is in the process of rolling out a technology called lte which the carrier will market as their 4g service . this new technology will allow much higher throughput ( estimated 12mbps at launch with the specification capable of delivering rates as high as 50-100mbps ) .
currently this functionality does not seem to be possible using voice search . there is a free app in the market called navigationpro which is a little funky to figure out at first . it allows you to save locations and name them in the app . you can then enable the feature in the preferences for the app so that whenever you run the app it automatically prompts you for a name you can speak . once it recognizes the name it automatically goes to google maps and starts navigation for the address .
try starring a place in google maps . sometimes when you say the name of a starred place it will work . however , it can be a bit patchy at times .
this is one of the reasons mtp was introduced for : independency of the file system format used " behind it " . you can compare it to using " standard sql " to retrieve data from a database via an odbc driver : your application does not need to know whether there is a mysql , oracle , postgresql , or whatever database behind it . as long as it sticks to standard sql commands , it simply works . similar issue with mtp . other than with using ums , your computer does not access the file-system directly , but uses a kind of " command layer " . on the android device , mtp then plays the role of our above odbc driver , translating everything to the underlying file system . so as long as your computer knows how to deal with mtp , you do not have to even think about what file system is used . it should simply work . but on the other hand , mtp has proven tricky sometimes : it requires extra drivers on windows , and does not work out of the box on macos or linux systems ( also extra installs and adjustments required here ) . so there are alternatives you might wish to take a look at for file transfer , such as using apps like airdroid , ftpserver , davdrive , or similar .
people who designed mtp and those file formats had in mind that in the future , it woudnt be cheapsakes like me with a android device . i mean windows xp and no sd card im a cheapsake indeed . answer to my question is using the wifi transfer app from the playstore . then using this method refered here do you know an app that can split files on the computer and then assemble them on android device ? . now i will be able to transfer whatever i want on my android kocaso tablet .
apparently the problem is with apps installing to the sd card . running the following command in the terminal fixed the problem for me : su rm /mnt/secure/asec/smdl2tmp1.asec 
removing smdl2tmp1.asec is the solution , but because " su " will lead to " permission denied " if you do not have a rooted phone , and because the /mnt/secure/ appears to be empty , removing the file can be hard . alternatively you can do the following : connect the phone to a computer with usb mount the sd card as a disk drive remove .android_secure/smdl2tmp1.asec
i have this same problem , intermittently , with my n1/froyo/cm6 . i do not know why it happens , but it is been happening since the froyo update afair . i have noticed it happens less often if i stay in one place . this led me to the theory that , since i live at a university , the fact that networks will pop in and out of range even as i enter my dorm and walk up to my room will make my n1 think that the network 's unstable and thus disable it . toggling definitely fixes the issue .
i have had a similar problem , though intermittent , on my adp2 ( =mytouch 3g ) running froyo ( via cm6 ) . i believe that networks become disabled when a connection attempt fails . i suspect something like the first connection attempt occurring when you are only barely in range , and once that fails , the network is " disabled " until you explicitly choose it and successfully connect .
you could kill two birds with one stone . . . y5 is a little app that automatically toggles the wifi connection when you enter/leave cells with known wifi access points . i would bet that toggling wifi might help it connect when it detects a network it knows .
i have the same issue with my dell xcd35 ( froyo 2.2 ) i am guessing the issue is with the os and not the instrument . using all the possible techniques do not work . the only way the connection lasts is if the phone does not sleep - and since that is not an option . only solution is to downgrade ( i have no issues on my eclair 2.1 galaxy 3 ) or upgrade to gingerbread . if anyone has solved the matter without either of the above issues , please let me know too . i am stuck !
it might be worthwhile to invest in a charge only cable . i use one for my tablet at home and in my car . the quality of the usb cable will also make a difference . cables do go bad . it sounds like you have ruled out all the other options so this might be worth trying .
i just checked charging details of my phone through this app : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.playfulgeeks.chargingreport
take a tooth brush and clean off the battery connector points in the battery casing of your phone .
charging is a simple process and can be represented by the below ( simplified ) equation : rate of charge = rate of electricity flow - rate of depletion to maximize the rate at which your phone charges at , you want to reduce the rate it is using up your battery as far as possible , and increase the speed at which current is flowing into your phone as much as possible . reducing battery usage this is pretty standard stuff , turn off all unnecessary toggles and apps . disable wifi , bluetooth , gps , and any constantly running apps . if you happen to be charging your phone in an area with poor or no cellular signal , the constant searching for mobile networks could be a significant contributing factor . go to settings-> battery usage ( or something similar , i do not own a samsung device so i can not be sure ) , and look at what is using up your battery . if possible , consider turning on airplane mode , or even turning your phone off completely to minimise battery usage . increasing speed of current flow look at the thing you are plugging your usb cable into . if you are charging it via your computer , chances are the current flow is around 1a or lower . that is okay , but not great . look around your house , or see if you can get your hands on a tablet charger . those often provide current at 1.5a or even 2a at times . that is twice the speed of a 1a charger . also , look at where you are plugging your charger into . if the socket is already heavily overloaded , consider plugging it in somewhere else , for safety 's sake at least still very slow . . . if at this stage , it is still charging very slowly , your battery may be the issue . since it seems to work fine in your friend 's phone , it may simply be your phone providing inaccurate information . try calibrating your phone 's battery and see if that helps .
using a 5v-2a charger will reduce the charging time . it works for me .
the issue is most likely caused by a wrong apn configuration . though customer care told you their card is " self configurable " , this may well be relative : many roms ( especially custom roms like cyanogenmod ) come with a built-in list of apns , which are matched against the provider as specified by the sim card , and used correspondingly . while those matches usually are fine , there might be exceptions – e.g. when the provider made changes to his configuration after the rom was released . or did not provide all details : apns might need different parameters for e.g. 3g than for lte . as you have got a second android device where the card is working fine , put the sim into that device go to settings ( usually network → telephony or similarly ; different roms might place it slightly different ) tap the apn and select to adjust it do not adjust anything , just write down its parameters in a second step , put the same sim to your n7 go to the same settings page compare your values and , if something differs , adjust it i bet your device then will connect fine . if not ( or if there are no differences ) , it is probably a hardware issue , and you need to send your n7 for service .
for applications installed from market , you can go to Market &gt; Downloads for application name and developer info ; however built-in applications ( e . g . phone , calendar , other applications installed by default ) often are not shown in market list ( neither will they show in manage application either ) .
first , try to contact google and/or lg . if they determine that warranty does not cover this , their own repair service might not be as expensive , compared to buying the parts and swapping the screen on your own . if you are not comfortable with taking apart and putting back together small electronics , i would advise against doing it yourself , as you may end up accidentally damaging the replacement parts , thus wasting your money . see if there are any local electronics repair shops that can do it for you instead . they may cost slightly more , but at least they will have more experience with phones . if you do decide to go the do-it-yourself route , there are many guides and walk-through videos available with a simple google search . the parts themselves are also easily found using google . keep in mind that depending on the damage , you may need to buy the lcd with digitizer combination , as opposed to only the glass panel .
why not use the built-in wi-fi , and use a network monitor tool like fing ?
search the logcats for stack traceback . try uninstalling apps one at a time , to see if the problem disappears when you uninstalled a certain app . if the issue come from an installed application , then you should uninstall that app and/or contact the developer to fix the crash . if the issue is system level , then there is not much you can do . you can either downgrade to a version that crashes less , or try upgrading to custom rom , although with custom roms the crashes could also get worse . it should be noted that newer android versions have better application management than older versions . i recalled that there is an improvement that comes either in 2.1 or 2.2 or 2.3 that significantly improves the way the out-of-memory killer works .
i figured out why this is happening . the problem is due too a bug that most other android users are having running 2.3.5 and higher . it happens when more than 50 apps are installed on the sd card . to which it seems there is no work around for as of yet . so we are stuck atm .
actually this feature does exist , but it is disabled by default , so to enable it in a vanilla android jelly bean 4.3 you must follow the steps below : open your phone app , tap the dialer tab ( first one at the left ) . tap the action overflow icon ( at bottom right corner ) and tap settings scroll down to section other call settings . you will see the option dial pad autocomplete is unchecked by default . check the dial pad autocomplete checkbox go back to the dialer , now you will see there is a slightly different layout than previously : the top area is now split in two different areas , shown in the picture as double arrows . the area with red arrow will show the phone number you are currently dialing as normally happens , but now the area with green arrow will show the autocomplete suggestions ( contact name and their phone number ) showing up to 3 contacts at the same time . start dialing a phone number and it will autocomplete both by contact name and by phone number as you touch each key . in the example it shows 3 suggestions : two by numbers 3-5-3 and one by letters corresponding to keys 3-5-3 ( e-l-e ) if you do not feel comfortable with dial pad autocomplete , you can turn off this feature whenever you want by going again to settings menu of the phone app .
https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/3422734?hl=en can only be used to purchase or rent content sold in local currency . if you purchase a google play gift card or redeem a promotional code in australia and then travel to germany , you won’t be able to redeem your google play balance since paid content is sold in euros .
download the gapps from here : http://goo.im/gapps/gapps-jb-20121011-signed.zip ( latest ) download the zip . check the md5 and flash it from recovery . wipe data and cache . reboot .
as of version 4.3.10 , the google play store now has a " recently updated " section under " my apps " , which is ultimately what i wanted .
you could try elixir 2 . if you go to applications , you could sort it by update time . elixier screenshot ( click image for larger variant )
also es file explorer has this feature . open the fast access menu from the top left corner , and select Tools -&gt; App manager . this will open a list of your installed apps . after this , you can sort the list from the bottom of the screen , and select the desired sort .
list my apps does this . though you might need some script-fu to sort the output by date .
you can try apk edit . launch apk edit . exe and load the apk file you need to change icon the exe will display the app icon and name under general tab you can change the icon and load the apk back to the phone note : this process will cause problem on update of the app . when google play notifies the update , you can uninstall the app , install the app again and change the icon .
most third-party launchers ( home screen apps ) let you replace an app 's icon with one of your choose , and they feature downloadable icon packs : often with co-ordinated icons for common apps , so you can have all your app icons matching , or just change one you do not like . the exact method depends on which launcher you choose , so check out that launcher 's help , or post a new question with the launcher you are using . if you are mainly interested in changing the icon of a shortcut ( not the icon in the app drawer ) , then you do not need to go to the hassle of installing and setting up a new launcher . some apps let you create a home screen shortcut using any picture or icon of your choice , and choose what app to launch from this icon . for example , my app showr ( free download from google play ) is a home screen widget with this feature . you can use a fixed icon that you pick from your phone or download , or you can even have the picture update from the web at set intervals ( e . g . create a shortcut to the facebook app with the latest photo from your timeline ) . if you choose to do it this way , the steps are as follows . install showr from google play add the widget to your home screen : from the app drawer , go to the list of widgets , find showr ( there might be several pages ) , and drag it to the right place on your screen . choose the image , icon , or photo you want from the gallery or another app , or if you want to download an image or rss feed , choose web address and paste the address . now the widget 's created , click on it and choose settings from the menu . in the widget settings , change when you click the widget to launch an app , and then click app to launch to choose which app . do not forget to rate/review showr , to help other android users find it . you can change the size of the shortcut in the usual way , by long-tapping it and then dragging the handles that appear .
you could try clicking the bottom right " repeat " icon , i.e. , if you have not tried that already .
it is a stupid setting of galaxy s sms ' app . to resolve this you have to replace the mms . apk into /system/app with that attached in this thread of xda forum http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=891667highlight=mod+sms if you look all the thread , you can also find the complete installation guide !
there is an app called sms timestamper that appends the received time to incoming text messages . worth mentioning for those not comfortable with fiddling with the os 's internals , or those unsure if it would work on their version of the firmware . i am on jpo so i did not want to chance it .
well i solved the problem . documenting the solution here for future references . using any sqlite manager ( i used firefox plugin- sqlite manager ) , export the database to xml format ( generally any db manager has options to export the database in csv , xls and xml formats ) . if your sqlite was generated by nokia pc-suite sync , you would get an xml like : then you can use the following php script to do the conversion to the generate the xml format script required by the sms backup and restore app . one point to be noted : you have to manually write the count attribute in the smses tag . just check the number of lines in your generated xml file and subtract 4 from it or just write the last echoed integer by the script now just send this to your android and restore using the sms backup and restore app . bingo ! you are done !
it is not as simple as to copy the sqlite database to your new android device , as the internal structures will differ ( they even do between android versions ) . there are a lot of apps in the play store to backup/restore your sms on android , using defined api -calls to extract / restore messages from/to your android device . but unfortunately i saw none capable of converting from other formats . as some of them store the sms-backup in xml format , you might be able to manually produce such a xml file for import ( though i would think that being to much overhead ) .
root permissions means that you have full permissions to all the items of the kernel . i do not see how you can use an app that requires root permissions to work when the user shell you are operating does not have it . as far as the in 's and out 's of manipulating a shell for root permissions i have no idea .
the short answer is no you can not share your iphone 's 3g connection with your galaxy tab 2 over usb .
there is a big chapter on that in andrew hoog 's android forensics book on that ( see this amazon list for available copies ) . unfortunately , that book does not come for free ( but from elsevier ; so prices range from ~usd 20 for the kindle edition to ~usd 50 for the print , with some crazy offers for ~usd 170+ as well ) , but it explains a lot of background not only interesting for forensik specialists . a german version of this book now is available for eur 35 , published by franzis ( which can be found e.g. on its german amazon page as well as on the publishers site , see this link ) . while the link to androiduserland given in a comment on the question contains a very rudimentary list , a better ( though also incomplete ) documentation can be found at robotz.com. as said , this is far from being complete , but better for understanding . i remember having seen another documentation at android . com -- some hints can be found there e.g. in the storage options ( check " internal storage " and " external storage " here ) . but a complete documentation of the file system hierarchy is missing here as well . so again , the most complete documentation known to me is hoog 's forensics book . german speakers might also be interested in taking a look into the chapter dateisysteme und datenstrukturen of my book " die androiden-toolbox " , which ( in this community edition ) is freely available in html , mobipocket and pdf versions here on my ebook server ( if you prefer a printed copy with a few more details , the ( extended ) franzis edition das inoffizielle android-systemhandbuch will be available end of this month , i.e. starting around the 26.11.2012 ) . disclosure : as said , i am the author of the second book mentioned . and , not yet mentioned , the translator for the german version of andrew hoog 's book . but that does not mean i hold back other sources here , of course .
based on this forum post , i would say yes . it would not make sense for it to support external harddrives without supporting simpler usb keys . as for specs , google returns many results . endgadget has an overview , with a link to more details .
notes : rooting allows you to install a custom recovery ( clockwork mod or amonra ) to install roms s-off allows you to change the hboot to rearrange your internal partitions i rooted with unrevoked before i used alpharev 's s-off some months later nowadays it is easier apparently . you can get s-off with unrevoked forever too but i am not sure your phone is supported . and unrevoked/alpharev teamed up for revolutionary finally , there are many roms out there , some are better then others . i use oxygen personally with the oxygen hboot for 330mb internal data space . i would use devnull ( same developers ) but it does not have long press to kill
for rooting htc desire 2.3.3 official update you have to use revolutionary . io beta app . its very simple process . you have to download the program on your computer ( windows/linux ) , get the beta key from the website and follow the steps the program asks you to do . i have written a detailed blog here if you want .
when you create a new event , you should be able to select which calendar to add the event to . if you select an exchange-based calendar , the event will be synced to the server . by default the events are created in the phone 's local calendar .
perhaps some contact information got corrupted . try re-syncing the contacts on the phone . Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All , scroll down to " contacts " app and tap on it , select " clear data " . do the same for the " contacts storage " app . this should clear all contacts data . now go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync , go into every account you have and toggle the " sync contacts " option off and back on . this should force an immediate re-sync .
my experience with this has been with non-mobile type numbers . if you happen to have multiple numbers for a contact , and for some reason it happens to select the Home or Work number rather than the Mobile , it will disallow you to send text messages to these numbers . have you checked to make sure the number you are sending it to is classified as mobile ?
i do not know why this is happening but you may be able to fix it by clearing the data from your messaging app . from the home screen you go to settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage Applications then choose the messaging app ( or whatever your sms app is called ) . if the option to clear the cache is there try that first but most likely you will have to choose to " clear data " . i believe this will delete all the messages you have saved so keep this in mind .
this is a problem i face with few contacts on my p500 too ! try merging contacts with their fb account or twitter account or just create a buffer account and join them . it works after that . not a great solution but been working that way now !
it may because the messaging app " only mobile numbers " setting enabled , try to disable it . on messaging app : Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Extra Settings &gt; Only Mobile Numbers 
are you absolutely sure you are using the stock messaging app of android 2.2 ? ( maybe you could be using a modified version by your manufacturer which may be buggy ) . anyways try the following ( which is for froyo 's default messaging app ) go to text message settings > " manage sim card messages " ( check if any messages are there and try to move it back from it ) . go to your conversation , long press the " menu options " softkey on your android to get the keyboards and start typing to see if the field pops back .
try solcalendar . it worked for my droid phone .
use jorte calendar on your android . it will sync with yahoo calendar . play store links : jorte calendar jorte sync
there are several ways you could use to sync your yahoo ! calendar with your android device . using a CSV file . you can export your yahoo calendar to a csv file and import it into your google calendar . this method is somewhat manual and you will have to do this each time you create an event in your yahoo calendar . more details use yahoo ! app for android you can use the official app for android developed by yahoo inc . to access your yahoo calendar as well as your mail , news , im , videos and more . download from the play store use third party apps to calendar syncing there are many apps in tur play store which can be used to do this . calcsync is an app which syncs yahoo caoendar with the stock calendar .
i just downloaded caldav-sync beta and it took some fooling around , but seems to be working now .
i had the same issue , however , i use yahoos webhosting for my own domain . you can not sync , nor view domains the mobile site or app . i actually had to move to googles calendar . bad thing is reminders only show up in your google email . so i had to set a email filter in gmail that will forward all google calendar email reminders to my other domain . this is working but a pain to set up .
i use a calendar app called acalendar and sync it to my yahoo calendar with another app called smoothsync . you have to set up both apps once , but then smoothsync runs in the background and syncs acalendar ( or the native calendar app ) with yahoo . it has worked very well for me .
routers from mikrotik with routeros has problems with 4.0.4 androids as well . you have to upgrade to 5.22rc1 . contact support@mikrotik . com to get this test version ( in case if you are reading this the 5.22 is not already released officialy = )
easy fix . do not use your wi-fi password . use the wireless key # . i have been trying over and over with my personal password and kept getting the same authentication errors everyone has been discussing with u-verse . i pulled the paperwork that the installation guy gave me and just taking a last resort shot at it , i tried the wireless key # written on the paperwork . it connected immediatley . . . this reportedly also works with the verizon branded samsung galaxy s iii . their 2nd level support only suggests factory resetting which will not help . only the above mentioned technique does
i have at and t u-verse at home . my s3 connected to the gateway with no issues . did you try to remove the saved network from the phone , factory reset the gateway and then try adding it . if that fails , try to manually add the ssid and key after you remove the network from the phone settings . worst case ask them to send you a new gateway . if you changed the ssid at any point or added static ips you might need to factory reset , add the phone and then add the statics to the gateway again .
i went around in circles with this by trying open and wpa security but nothing worked . the phone was not even listed on the router 's device list . the mac address filter was the problem . i fixed the issue by adding the phones mac address to the routers " white list " and now everything works well . check you router mac filters or turn them off .
not going to happen . sorry . while msm8655 supports gsm - play verizon 's version of radio software makes no use of it . you can not reflash the radio software because the bootloader is locked . and even if you could - the gsm bands are not " phased " in your phone . " phasing " is a process of calibrating the phone during manufacturing - without it you would get no 3g , at best you could probably get very poor 2g performance if any at all .
so i flashed the twrp recovery instead of clockworkrom , and this was able to activate mass storage mode . the rest was history - copied the rom zip file and installed it as usual . sadly , my internal 32 gb storage was totally wiped out , so i have lost my titaniumbackup folder , a bunch of songs ( that i can copy again anyway ) and some photos .
the reason for the bluetooth icon being disabled is that you have not paired the phone with a device that supports the headset profile . bluetooth uses profiles to categorize which services a device supports , and macs do not support acting as a headset , only connecting to a headset ( see list of supported profiles ) . to use this functionality , you had need additional software which enables the mac to act as a headset and connect to a headset gateway ( which your phone most likely supports ) .
you can do either way . the safe method is to update and then root the phone . but you can also root and then install the ota update . but ota will fail if you have custom recovery modified any part of the system like removed bloat , xposed , etc still there is a post in xda to update ota with custom twrp recovery .
most likely this is a problem with the android-x86 image you have downloaded , or else that the virtual hardware you have set up in virtualbox does not match the configuration the image is expecting . check which image file you have downloaded , and make sure the configuration matches what is described in the setup instructions .
just reboot the phone , restart kies and try again .
in most cases , yes . you should try it at least .
offline browser app sounds exactly like what you are looking for . you can specify a list of web pages to download for offline reading , along with a per-page configurable link depth ( so that it does not just pull down the home page . )
its too late , but might help somebody landing on this page . i using android paperspan app for this and it downloads original whole page ( no article/pdf ) . so can click on a link from offline page if internet is back . to read them on computer , i copy from phone to computer , then can read as any saved web page . hope this helps .
here is a site that has the specs for the g510 , and it does say that it supports gps . maybe there is a problem with the hardware on the device that the gps chip does not work or something , and the software does not see the chip so it does not show the option . you can try using the " power control " widget if you have it ( i think its part of stock android ) . it has a toggle for gps , and you can see if it lets you turn it on/off .
you can use a vpn application , which usually works with no root access but approaches what you are looking for . in addition , you can use hideman vpn . also , one of your question tags are tor . you can use tor , but only the orweb browser will stay anoynmous . without root , it is not your device that is anonymous .
if you are running a stock rom , i suggest you root the phone ( the warranty 's way gone ) and upgrade it to cyanogenmod 4 ( android 1.6 ) or cyanogenmod 6 ( android 2.2 ) . battery life is very good on 4 ; 6 is more recent version of android -- however there are some additional hoops to jump through to get it installed . the first step in most dream rooting instructions is to downgrade it to a vulnerable version , so you will lose data stored on the phone . you might have luck with one of the " one-click root " programs but if you can not kill the " power options " dialog every few seconds , you may just need to flash it with the rc29 dreaimg . nbh .
disabling fast boot may resolv the problem as it did for my brotrher
root is only required if you are installing a system app within the confines of the android os . if you can flash your own rom , you can bypass any restrictions that the os has , because you are able to do anything you want with a custom bootloader before the os has a chance to load and restrict things . if you are creating a custom rom ( off-topic for this site ) , you can edit the rom on a desktop and flash it to the phone . you could simply flash a file using a custom recovery ( such as twrp or clockworkmod ) . if you are on a stock phone with a locked bootloader , you could always root your phone temporarily , remount system as read-write , add the application , then remove root . as far as updates go , as long as the application in the system directory is signed by your key , you should be able to update it ( root not required ) . you will need a way to get updates out , though . you could post in the google play store , use a 3rd party store ( such as amazon app store or f-droid ) , or have the user download the app and side-load it . if you also wrote the app in question , you could probably program a way to self-update as well ( also off-topic for this site ) .
without root you only have the control the app developers give you : if an app allows you to configure this behaviour , you can do so -- otherwise you can not . if your device were rooted , on the other hand , you'ld have several possibilities : use droidwall to define which apps may use 3g , which wifi , which both , and which none ( 1st pic below ) use lbe privacy guard to do the same , and more ( 2nd pic ) use autorun manager to disable certain listeners of apps , so they no longer get informed about network changes ( 3rd pic ; experienced users only ! ) this is just a selection , and thus the list is very incomplete . as you already wrote your device is not rooted , it does not make sense to put all those details here ; it is just to give you an idea what would be possible with root , not to elaborate all options ; )
automatic call recorder works great on s3 , but it is not free . if you have rooted device , custom omega rom has this feature on board already ( just enable in the settings ) .
yes , it is . there is no specific need to flash a custom firmware but you can get the job done with a mod which you can flash from recovery preferably clockworkmod . it is always advised to backup data before flashing . here 's the link for the mod at xda . but i am not sure if two-way call recording is supported in this . you can record the other person 's voice but not your voice .
i used to use auto call recorder as well ( before my s3 ) , and i was highly unsatisfied when it stopped working ( when i switched to s3 ) . just yesterday i found out this another great app that just works . and seems like much better than acr : record my call - the solution ! no idea how that is even free ( even if it does have ads ) . and , i do have root , but i think this does not even need it .
smart call recorder mp3 is a fantastic free call recorder . it offers extensive call recording features and it is neatly integrated with google drive for automatic backup of your mp3 voice/call recordings .
if you do not want to root your phone or flash a custom rom , the only solution is boldbeast call recorder for android . just install the app and go . no need to root . no need to " set speaker on " during call recording . both sides sound in the recorded call are clear and loud . the developer said " optimized for galaxy phones " . take a look at what their users said ; they all said " great " .
different wallpapers drain the battery differently . it really depends on how many different factors the wallpaper is paying attention to . is it just being pretty or is it altering itself based on every movement of your phone ? the best way to find out is to simply test it yourself . spend one charge of your phone running a live wallpaper . when you get near the end of the battery charge , open up your phone 's settings . go to " about phone " -> " battery " -> " battery use " . this screen will show you all services that have used up more than 2% of your battery 's charge . your first reaction will probably be that it is taking up a lot when you see " display " draining the most but that is not taking into account wallpaper . the live wallpaper , if it has used more than 2% ( some do not ) , will show up as it is own service . they will pull more than a normal wallpaper ( that is a given ) but some will not effect it the battery charge nearly as much as say your widgets or the brightness of the display . turn down the brightness and you could probably offset the difference in battery charge of running a live wallpaper .
assuming lookout just used the standard " owner info " and your device uses the same . . . Settings &gt; Security &gt; Owner info  then uncheck " show owner info on lock screen " or edit the text to be what you want .
do i just have something disabled that is preventing it from waking up ? there is no user-visible setting in android for disabling alarms . that would kind of defeat their purpose ! the only way you can have disabled alarms is if you have rooted the device and gone around uninstalling system apps or poking at the internals . if you have , we had need to know a lot more detail on what you have done to know if that is the cause , and the fix would probably be to flash a new rom . this does sound like the kind of system integration error you might find on an incredibly cheap tablet . not quite a hardware issue , but a bug in the device 's software . if it is , the only way to fix it would be to try to get an update from the manufacturer , but if you do not even know who they are , you might be out of luck .
ah , this is because it is listed as an unknown piece by an unknown artist as the only piece in my library . the ubuntu rhythmbox program i used to make the ogg vorbis file did not tag automatically for this particular piece , while it did for others . the solution is to tag the file with for instance the " audio tag tool " , then it is searchable in the android music player . understandable , but not obvious to me , i think it would make sense if the player app would search by file names as a last resort if no other matches were found .
going by your description , you are referring to the object circled in this screenshot that thing indicates that the city the time is being shown for is currently running on daylight savings time . in this screenshot , we see that new york is observing daylight savings time , and phoenix is not .
changing to summer time/daylight saving time ? i have it too and wondering what it is . . . it looks like a little sun with two pointers of a clock inside of it
it is impossible to tell , the effect of overclocking varies depending on the specific software and hardware . however it likely will not make any notable difference if you are only getting 7fps in a game . overclocking is highly unlikely to make an unplayable game improved to the point where the game becomes playable , except in very rare circumstances such as with games that have a speed budget to decide whether to frame skip and your phone is just barely below the budget which causes it to consistently frame skips and the extra processing power manages to push it to be consistently below the budget . some argue that raising clock speed alone does not really guarantee better performance , since microarchitecture and bus speeds are what determines ultimate performance . performance is a complex thing , but one thing for sure is that cpu is rarely the bottleneck in many applications . booting , for example , is io bound , the bottleneck of booting is how fast it can marshal data from the persistent storage to ram . in short , you will have to try it yourself .
re-installing the ' google play services ' updates solved the problem for me . simply go to Manage Apps &rarr ; Google Play Services and press Uninstall Updates . now if you start google hangouts again it will ask you to update google play services . if you do so , it will bring up google play where you can install the update . after this , google hangouts started without any problems on my tablet .
you could try android bot maker which can automate taps at particular co-ordinates . . swipes etc . . but root access is needed for this app . . .
cyanogenmod nightly builds are development snapshots . anything can be broken in them from one night to the next . you should not try to use a nightly for your " everyday " phone as problems like the one you describe are common . report the bug to the developers and switch to a stable release ( or , if you are feeling brave ) a release candidate or milestone release .
only apps that are coded to use the google service will back-up and restore data . see this post for more information . does the built-in google app data backup work ?
beats audio is anadvertised as an outstanding feature of top htc phones . why should htc remove an advertised feature with a software update ? of course will it continue to work . i fail to see why one may question this .
i have not tried this myself but the following supposedly helps in getting a faster lock for samsung 's galaxy range of android devices . make sure gps satellite and wireless networks has been activated . then try with google maps . if you want to go back to the default setting : see if that helps . other users have also reported issues with the galaxy range of not receiving sms messages immediately after returning out of airplane mode . seems a touch buggy . . .
on my google nexus s , the only way i have found is to use browser access to my gmail contacts , or to log the birthday as a note then transfer later . my htc incredible s can capture birthdays natively in the htc people application , but overall i prefer the " native " google look and feel to htc 's . as far as i could tell looking at a galaxy nexus in a shop on release day , this is still true for ice cream sandwich ( ics ) , at least in the native google application . not good - hope it is fixed soon .
on my phone , i can not enter contact 's birthdays , but if i have previously entered their birthday on gmail then it does appear in their contacts entry on the phone , and i can edit it there . not that useful , as the birthday field is something you are likely to add to someone , and then its not very likely to ever change after that ! one workaround that i use if i am entering this on the phone is to add their birthday into the notes field , and then later on when i am at a pc i can go into gmail and put the birthday in properly . this is using the contacts app on a galaxy s using their stock froyo ( 2.2.1 ) .
i can edit the birthdays in the " people " app on my htc desire just fine ( running android 2.2 ) . so maybe it is a phone-dependent thing ?
no , at this point in time , the only way is to go to the contacts section in gmail and edit a contact 's birthday afaik .
[ this is probably not the complete answer you are looking for , i can not comment though ] i am running a nexus 4 with 4.4.2 and it supports tethering of the wifi connection out of the box . i think it was already able to do that when i got it , meaning this should work at least with > = 4.2 .
since you do not have a dialer app in the tablet , ali kabiri 's answer can not be directly used . but there is a way to get into a mode where you can enter these " service codes " . see this blog post for images . open the contacts app exit the initial setup if it pops up go to menu -> settings long-press the blank space in the bottom of the screen , in the middle ( see images in link ) a button called " enter service code " should appear tap the button to get a " dialer " enter the code *#*#73556673#*#* demo mode should now be deactivated !
you can dial <code> *#*#sellmore#*#* or *#*#73556673#*#* </code> and you will not see the demo mode anymore , but a normal retail phone does not have demo mode activated . . . and you have to consider that demo-activated phones does not have warranty . edit : as onik said , if your tablet does not have dialer application installed , so you have to access the service menu for inserting service commands , so you can do the following as described in the link : xperia tablet z : how to access the service menu
there are apk 's out there . i use it on my desire and it is a great keyboard alternative .
answering your questions : the beta is still running http://beta.swype.com/ the beta is currently closed
there is no mention of physical zoom on the htc dream specification page . ( to my knowledge no android camera has that . )
eventually i resorted to restoring my phone to factory settings , and now this works again .
by menu , i am assuming you are referring to the app drawer . i do not know if the stock samsung launcher gives you the ability to hide apps , but several 3rd party launchers offer that functionality . apex and nova both give you the ability to hide and create custom app groups in the drawer . there are free versions of both in the market with each offering a paid version with expanded functionality .
try this link for huawei ascend i how to edit own sms photo
if you use google+ and have your google account connected to your phone , your profile picture will be used as your " me " picture .
first of all try booting it into recovery mode . to enter recovery mode turn the device off and hold vol up , vol down , home and power . when the phone vibrates let go of the buttons and it should boot into recovery mode . now using the volume keys to move up and down the list and the power button to select , go to wipe data/factory reset . select yes . wait for it to reset . now select reboot system now . if you still get stuck on the splash screen you will probably have to re-flash the firmware using odin . there are plenty of guides on youtube and xda for using odin to re-flash firmware , just watch any tutorial but use the firmware for your device , which you can get here http://www.sammobile.com/firmwares/ . simply search for your device ( s7562 ) and download the firmware for your country . i would tell you how to use odin but i have not used it for quite a while but it is pretty simple , all you really do is press a button , good luck .
a backup never is a bad idea , so right after you get root access , you should : do a full nandroid backup ( which creates images of your partitions , so you always can revert to this state by simply restoring them ) use titanium backup to make a full backup of all your apps and their settings ( so you can re-install a selection when needed ) freezing does not remove anything , and it is fully revertible . i always recommend to first freeze a single app , then check for potential side-effects , and only remove it if there were none . titanium backup even offers to create a homescreen shortcut to freeze/unfreeze an app ( like a toggle : if frozen , the app gets unfrozen and vice-versa ) , which is nice for apps you rarely use but which always annoy you ( for me , this is google maps , which i need maybe 2-3 times a year but is running permanently in background -- so i freeze it when not needed , and simply unfreeze it when i need it ) . basically , freezing an app simply hides it away from all activities . i am not sure how that works technically , but i compare it with the " execution flag " of a unix/linux binary : if not set , the binary does not get executed . so no background services or any other activities from this app , though it is still installed . in short : freezing is the safe variant , as it easily can be undone . it also does not touch the apps data . removing an app is final : without a backup available , it is simply gone , including its data . additional ressources you might want to look up for this topic : unistall a system app without root ? how can i uninstall applications that are locked by phone vendor ? how to remove / disable the bloatware apps in the htc one x bye-bye , bloatware : disable system apps in android ice cream sandwich
assuming you are using the aosp browser , you can opt to sync your bookmarks with your google account by enabling bookmarks in the sync menu for google ( in settings app ) .
probably you need this app : import/export browser bookmark . as mentioned in google play , this app backups your bookmarks from your android browser ( stock browser , firefox , etc ) and restore them in your browser in pc . . hope it helps you .
no , you do not have to reload or delete anything . however do make sure you take a nandroid backup before you install one of those kernels . you can potentially get into a reboot-loop that can only be broken by flashing another ( lower mhz ) kernel or restoring to a previous nandroid backup . i went from stock kernel to now running the ultra low voltage 800mhz chevyno1 kernel . i could not get it go any faster with ultra low voltage without a reboot-loop . basically you will start with the lowest processor speed kernel at a certain voltage and work your way up . so try ulv 800mhz , if it runs stable at 800mhz , try the 1ghz , then the 1.1ghz , etc . if you are wanting to conserve battery , then try the ulv kernel . if you are wanting processor speed , the lv kernel should be just fine . your mileage will vary because no two droid processors are made exactly a like ( because these kernels are going outside of the processor 's design specifications ) .
meridian media player has support for lyrics - i believe , embedded as well as . lrc files , but you might need the payware pro version for that functionality to be enabled . update : you are right ! turns out i had . lrc files in my music folder which is why i was seeing lyrics .
i have not actually researched this answer , so take it with a grain of salt . basing it off of other development work i have done with mp3s in the past . i do not think there would be any reason that android would limit an application from reading the embedded lyrics ( or , rather lyrics from the id3 tag ) . because the tag supports this , really all you would need is a java library that you can bring into your android app that will read the lyrics . with that said , the lyrics tag tends to be a little more in the " advanced support " for many applications . everybody reads the title and artist tags . most people will even display the album art ( which is also part of the id3 ) . i have not researched any recent libraries , but if you are curious about the id3 tag in general , read this id3 easy article . so , the short answer is : no , nothing is stopping anybody from supporting it other than library support . either a library does not exist , or nobody cares to utilize that feature within an android media player . hope that helps !
is there something in the android architecture that prevents people from creating mp3 players that read embedded lyrics ? apparently the answer is " yes . " there is an open issue in android 's issue tracker on this very problem . only users with commit permission may comment , but you can star and follow the issue and perhaps help it get more attention .
you can grab the latest . apk on a pc from mozilla 's ftp server and sideload it , as noted on mozilla 's wiki . if you are unsure of how to sideload an app , you can find a variety of methods in how can i install an app given only its apk file ? ( some require internet connectivity , many do not ) .
try app 2 sd , it should be able to move at least some of the apps . to set it to automatic , you will need the android sdk ( to use adb ) . from here , those commands should work ( worked for me on my samsung galaxy ace ) : adb devices probes android devices connected to the pc . do this first to assure that the phone is being detected . adb shell pm getinstalllocation this results in a numerical value to state where the default install location is ( 0: phone , 2: external ) . adb shell pm setinstalllocation 2 this sets the default install location to the external storage .
the dialog you mention is nothing to do with usb debugging : it is because the device 's storage is mounted ( via mtp or usb mass storage ) , and some app has a file open from that storage . it could be that you have a file manager window looking at the device 's storage , or that your music player software is automatically indexing files on it , or something else . to avoid the dialog , you need to find and close whatever software on your desktop computer has files from the phone open . on linux you can use the lsof tool to help ; on windows you just have to guess .
from command prompt you can enter the following command adb kill-server  and then try ejecting .
this just happened to me too , and a simple Power off then Power on solved the problem . ( if one could avoid clearing data , this is even better )
you can create a launcher app shortcut on the desktop ( long press on the desktop then shortcuts ; or something like that , can not remember the exact menu ) , then drag the launcher to the middle button . i have also often had this as well , accidentally removing the launcher shortcut every time i want to delete the shortcut , it is part of the reason i no longer uses adw .
you should be able to go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , find the launcher , and clear data for it . hopefully that will restore it to default .
unfortunately currently there is no way to make a pure voip outbound call via google voice on android . previously , you could initiate a free call from gmail on your pc , then press the * key on the keypad which would transfer the call to all other numbers connected to your gv account , and then you had pick up the " call " on your cell phone and continue the conversation on your mobile which was still voip . once google wised up to this feature being used too widely , they changed this functionality to only allow this transfer for incoming calls only .
this is a hardware problem , but there is an app called toggleheadset2 that has a widget that allows you to override the hardware switch , toggling headset output off/on .
i wrote an app named soundabout that fixes this . find it here .
sounds like a hardware issue to me . you should return the phone to wherever you bought it .
it appears that i can solve the problem by jacking in the headphone , turning off the phone , turning on the phone again , and jacking out/in the headphone a few times slowly . and yes , it is a hardware problem solved by a hardware solution .
the easiest way is through rom manager ( you can find it in the market ) . after installing it , open it and select the . zip file for the rom you want to install . the phone will reboot into recovery mode . hit " reinstall packages " or something similar to replace this recovery with clockworkmod recovery from rom manager ( may have to do this twice ) . then your phone will go into this new recovery and install the rom . note you can also use a windows tool call odin , but you must have a rom specifically designed for odin . you might need to flash a " clockwork compatible " rom through odin before rom manager will work .
some file systems are pretty robust , if you used ext3/4 and yaffs2 , the chance of getting caught in situation where the filesystem cannot recover is scarcer than winning a lottery . these file system utilizes logging to revert inconsistencies ; at every startup , android will check the filesystem 's log , if the log is not empty that means the file system is not unmounted cleanly and it will automatically perform a quick recovery ( you usually will not notice anything , just a 3-5 seconds longer startup ) . there is small chance that the last data that have not been " committed " may be lost , but it is -- for all practical purpose -- impossible to lose the whole file system . unfortunately , some filesystems commonly used in certain android devices are not so robust , many manufacturers partition their sd cards as fat , and with fat every time your device crashes , you are playing a game of russian roulette . samsung phones had a proprietary variant of fat , which they called rfs ( robust file system ) , they claim rfs is compatible with fat but is robust in the event of crash ; so far , i had not observed any data corruption on my samsung phone , though it is still better to be wary since samsung is bad at writing software .
there is always a risk with not cleanly unmounting a file system . by pulling the battery , you are not allowing the system to finish up what it is doing on the sd card , and if you catch it at the right time , it can sadly screw things up pretty badly . with some luck , you may be able to run a diagnostic on the file system and recover some of the data , but it all depends on the specifics .
since your phone is rooted you can use wanam xposed note that the framework itself does not add any functionality , but once installed you can download ( via the framework itself ) modules that have custom functionality . wanam xposed module has many tweaks for stock samsung touchwiz roms , gravitybox has many for morer ' stock ' type roms . you can change the sms limit through either , in the default sms application . please read the xda thread on this module as it has a lot of detail , and clarifications . xda thread
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vmlite.vncserverhl=en our vmlite vnc server does exactly what you asked . remotely view and control any android devices from desktop or another phone/tablet , rooting is not required . you can use vnc viewer or html browser to control the remote phone .
if you have a samsung phone you can check out teamviewer quicksupport which lets you fully control your phone . there are also ways to use it with other roms and phones . see : quicksupport mod
you can hae a look at airdroid for desktop sms . it works as a kind of web server on your phone , which means you have to access it from a secure web page ( downside : works only inside the same wifi network ) . but next to smses you can do a lot more with it , but i recommend you have a look at it yourself .
yes , there is . the first one coming to mind ( forgive me , it looks like this is one of my standard answers here meanwhile ) is tasker , the most complete automation tool for android . it lets you define actions based on events ; so for your case , you could let the event hardware -> camera button pressed trigger the action " display off " . you want to turn it on again the same way -- so simply make it two " profiles " , and combine two events : " camera button pressed " and " state -> display : on " ( with the " task " to turn the display off ) , and with " display : off " the other way round . remark : there is a 7 day trial version available on the developers website , so you do not need to buy tasker straight away without being able to test it . as soon as you have got everything configured , export your configuration . so if after those 7 days you still cannot decide whether to buy , simply uninstall tasker , install it again , and import your configuration . before you hit me : that is what the developer himself wrote , so nothing illegal .
reset to current date , and i can definitely say a secure website will open .
did you guys checkout the updated amazon 's official help documentation ? how can i delete an app from the my apps list ? visit your apps from a web browser . select " delete this app " from the " actions . . . " drop down menu to the right of the app you had like to delete . confirm you had like to delete the app and your app will be removed from the my apps list on all android devices registered to your account . if the app has been downloaded to a device , it will have to be manually uninstalled .
just fyi , they have instructions posted on their site under the " your apps and device " section of amazon.com/apps , support should have been able to respond to that very quickly . uninstall is definitely lacking in the app itself . note : if you uninstall the amazon appstore itself , some apps downloaded through it may no longer function , this was confirmed with angry birds rio by droid-life .
from the homescreen hit the menu button and select Settings . then select Applications , and then Manage applications . find the app you want to uninstall and select it , then clear the data associated with it by tapping Clear data and then tap Uninstall . voila ! edit : i actually just noticed this in amazon 's official help documentation for their appstore ( from june 14th , 2011 ) : . . . amazon tested to ensure the highest quality apps in our catalog , we take all submissions through a series of tests . in this process we screen the apps for known viruses and malware , test the app to check that it actually does what it claims to do , and test whether the app affects the stability of the other functions of your phone . these tests include ( but are not limited to ) : installation : the application installs and opens , upgrades can be installed and the application can be uninstalled by following the phone 's regular uninstall method . . . . ( italics added by me . ) clearly they intentionally left out an amazon appstore-native method of removing apps you have downloaded and installed from them .
you can turn off all internet data over the mobile network using settings-> wireless and networks-> mobile networks-> data enabled personally , i connect to wifi at home and with reasonably heavy use of email , chat and web browsing when away from home , i only use about 200m of data a month .
depends entirely on how many contacts you have , how often they change , how often you set it to sync , etc . paying for data as you go is generally a bad idea with an android phone , they use a lot . you should be able to shut off 3g though ( probably dependent on the phone ) and just use wifi . although , it might be more difficult to prevent it from using 2g data . some phones let you use wifi while the phone is in airplane mode , which would shut off both 3g and 2g . android has the ability to store wifi credentials and connect automatically .
you can definitely connect to wpa protected wireless and your phone will connect automatically when you are within range of a known wireless network . you can use apndroid to cut off your 3g altogether . take a look at : how can i prevent my google g-1 from using any kind of internet ? if you have got wireless at home and you are there every night , your phone will be able to sync your contacts , etc . over night .
you need root access for it , so if you are not root you can manually move the apps to the sd card ( when it is possible ) in the config> applications ( i dont have my phone here ) menu and go one by one ; or you can use another app for it like app2sd or similar .
if you are able to connect an external bluetooth dongle to the android device , it ought to work for you , even with an intrnal bluetooth present . android devices with os v3.1 and above shall support usb host capabilities . so , it is advisable to experiment with devices with the above operating systems . however , it will be on your end to make the dongle work for you ; i.e. by creating a separate application for the same .
i guess these issues are solved as i have never encountered such on my desire hd .
there are solutions if you encounter problems ( which i did myself ) . one thing to try if you get " laggy " or " jagged " video is to disable usb debugging or uninstall the flash updates from market . i would imagine this issue does not occur on the latest batch of devices ; my friend 's just got the dhd and it is working fine .
i can not tell what it will look like ( as i do not know all the details , e.g. your bt devices mac ) , but i can show you the way to create such a profile : condition : state → bluetooth connected ( parameter : bt mac of the ant+ device ) task : launch app ( select endomo ) worth reading : tasker user guide ( easy to look up things here ; )
multiple approaches here , none tried myself as i never had that issue : first , before manually altering the symlinks , you might need to re-mount the root file system read-write . still , even if you succeed this way , you might have to repeat the actions after each reboot – so let 's check for other alternatives . there are several apps availabe which care for this kind of problem , some of them even specific to samsung devices . a good candidate is probably root external 2 internal sd , which " swaps " the two cards just the way you want to do it . no manual fiddling with init.rc or vold.fstab required .
as far as i know , you can change this by editing /system/etc/vold.fstab , but if it does not have what you need , you might have to tamper with init.rc inside boot.img . i am not sure if what you are aiming to do is safe though , what with the recent switch to fuse sdcards .
if you turn on the " auto backup " feature of google+ , your photos will automatically be uploaded and will only be viewable by you ( until you share them , of course ) . if you want to do it manually , simply share with g+ and choose yourself as the only person you share with . i like to keep a circle around with no one in it that i can share things to and so i am the only one who can see them ( kind of a " read it later " thing ) . you might prefer to do that , since it is quicker to choose a circle to share to than a person .
i have found meridian player transcend and it is what i needed . i can play all the mp3 files from a folder ( all songs in an album )
if the phone is on the charger , a lot of the lock screens will show the battery percentage or " charged " if at 100% .
try this app battery minder . it alerts the user if the battery is low or fully charged .
"100%" is not as straightforward a concept as you might think on android . have a read of this : http://phandroid.com/2010/12/25/your-smartphones-battery-gauge-is-lying-to-you-and-its-not-such-a-bad-thing/
since google voice just comes in as a normal carrier call , there is no simple way to separate those calls . it does not pass any identifying information that the phone could use to identify it is a google voice call versus a carrier call . you can , however , change your google voice settings ( on the website , not the app ) so that it always shows your google voice number as the caller id on incoming calls . this means you could just whitelist your google voice number and block everything else . then you will receive only gv calls , but you will lose the ability to see who is calling since all calls coming to gv will just display as your gv number . you could then use the call screening features of gv to identify unknown callers . it really is not an elegant solution and the loss of caller id is a big inconvenience , but if you absolutely have to do this , it is about your only option .
if you do not mind transferring files wireless-ly , you can always go for an option like wifi file transfer as explained in this answer . you can try updating the mtp drivers of your pc and installing device drivers if any .
i have been tearing my hair out with this one as well . the one thing i wanted most , and it did not work . i found the missing info at whirlpool forums . you actually have to turn usb storage on , not merely enable it in the settings . also , what you really want is for the phone to autoplay . here 's the process i went through ; do not know which step actually fixed the issue : go into settings and check usb debugging and usb tethering . when you connect the phone by usb and the two dive icons appear , right click on them , go to properties and select autoplay , change the drop down menu from music to mixed content and check the prompt me each time to choose an action . this is for win xp , mind you . when you next connect the phone to usb , tap the top of the screen where the battery and usb icon is . slide down to reveal your options , and a message saying connect as usb storage will appear with the android robot icon holding his arm up as a usb connector . press turn on USB storage when it connects . autoplay will automatically open a removable disk drive box asking you what you want to do . click open folder to explore files and voila - cut and paste what you want . i only got this far after i put in the micro sd card . before that , i never saw the android robot appear with turn usb storage on/off after sliding the screen down , only the connect as USB storage setting . the checkbox would be there , but it would not connect and merely charge even though there is another selection for that . hope it works for you . good luck .
an easy low brow way to do this that i find the best for investment/reward ratio is . . . . . drum roll , flourish of hands , magical passes over sequined leotard clad assistant 's body , . . . . . copy the mp3s onto a microsd card that is plugged into a usb port on the pc . and then disconnect the microsd card from the pc and insert it into the microsd slot next to the sim slots of the phone .
i could not get usb transfer to work either ( windows 8 , nexus 4 and nexus 7 ) . as a workaround i am using airdroid ( google play ) .
german wikipedia notes that windows xp supports mtp only with media player 10 installed , so this is one thing your could try . a second pointer is provided by how do i install the mtp drivers for windows xp ? in the ms help center , which points you to download and install the media transfer protocol porting kit from their website . number 3 advice : you wrote you tried connection as a usb storage . that should do without any specific drivers even on windows , as the device then poses as " usb disk " . it should present you at least the sd card this way . you wrote it shows with a "0 byte size": if that should mean how much data is in there , that could be normal ( card still empty ) . last one : if all other fails , take a look at apps like e.g. airdroid , which lets you remotely administrate and manage your android device , and also includes a file browser with drag-and-drop support . you start this app on your android device , and it will show you an url to type into your browser on the pc . then you can handle everything else from within your web browser .
try wiping it from recovery . warning , it removes all data from phone .
press and hold volume up and home ( center ) button press power until the phone vibrate wait until you see the android logo then release all the buttons . select wipe data/factory reset with volume down , press power ( right hand-side ) select yes -- delete all user data with volume down and then press power after format , press power again to reboot phone . ( select reboot system now )
i think i can guess what is happening . when i first started using free hotspots i was connecting with no problem and often they will have a logon screen to insert the locale password . some places however like hotels seem to give free access for a limited time or for first use without logging in and then later they will expect you to register . when i have returned to these places a second time i find that the phone finds the network and claims to be connected but every use returns a network error or appears to connect and get cut off . in fact i am getting rerouted to their logon page , only it seems to often only open in background in gingerbread so you do not know it is happening . after fiddling around you can sometimes get the logon page to show and then register . often i can only do this by attempting a google search . google somehow seems to know to route via the logon pages whereas other apps play ignorant .
try changing adding either of the following to your user name and try the captcha again . @googlemail . com @gmail . com
create another account and try logging in with the second account . perhaps the error is because you are already logged in in another phone .
set yor language by clicking on ' einstellungen ' or navigate directly to the english localized version : http://www.google.com/preferences?hl=en to set it there ( you can switch the ' hl=en ' for english to hl=hu for hungarian or any other you want in the link ) . setting your start page is not what you want : this will not affect searches from the widget or from the omnibox ( the auto completion , aka instant search ) . edit : seems like the keyboard language sets the default . . . switched from en to german and back .
i figured it out , the problem was originating from nanopc-t1 config which used the usart port for output debug . it was over-writing the gps output . i used android serial port api , and rooted my device . because accessing ttysac0 port , needs root access . i wrote my own nmea parser to receive gps fixes .
the only solution is to download another dialer app
i know that android 4.1 , 4.2 and 4.3 do not allow that by default ( i.e. , there is no setting for it . ) you could , however , get another dialer or locker app . go locker is both a great locker and dialer , but it can get annoying , as it sometimes needs you to answer the android os dialer screen as well .
the information comes from the misc partition . . /dev/block/platform/sdhci-tegra . 3/by-name/misc if you dd if= . . . . of=/sdcard/misc . img then do an adb pull /sdcard/misc . img you will see . . i stuffed up a root and had cdma crap in there from one of the updates . . now no 3g either : ) but that is where it queries the information from . . doens't do an mdm_ctrl commands to extract it or anything .
make sure you downloaded the google apis corresponding to your api level in the sdk manager and that you set your avd 's target on google apis . this version of the api is needed for the calendarprovider ( for sync functions with google i imagine ) .
from the email app , press the menu key , then choose settings . pick account settings , then click the account you want to change on the next screen . after that , you have to scroll to the bottom to get more settings , and to the bottom again to change the incoming settings and outgoing settings . samsung appears to have taken lessons from microsoft on hiding important settings behind " advanced " buttons !
might be because of static charge accumulated during charging . use the stock charger if currently not using also there are many tips to remove that static charge off your screen . try those and tell us .
ivcode , this maybe a solution for your problem . first of all , try to upgrade your android . second , go to settings> my device> display . there must be an option at bottom named ' increase touch sensitivity ' . tick it and you are done ! if it helped then please reply , if not then let me know what happened .
that depends on multiple things : if you remove your account from the device , the paid apps most likely will stop working ( if they use google license services to verify their validity ) . so concerning this it was a bad idea to buy those apps specifically for your parents using your account if the device is running at least android 4.2 , you can create separate accounts for your parents , with your own account staying the " owner " ( which means , you would administrate the device for them -- certain actions as e.g. factory reset are limited to the " owner account" ) . in this case you would need to re-install all apps with the new account -- but it would be a " fake-reinstall " ( they will not be doenloaded another time ) . still , above mentioned license issue will remain : each user must pay for the app separateley . no issue for free apps , however -- though if changing the account they might no longer update , as they are " registered " with the old account . this update issue could be fixed using the appbrain app market , which lets you sync the list of apps you have installed with your account ( just one example , there might be other solutions i am currently unaware of , or which might require root ) i know it is possible to have multiple accounts on a device ( see e.g. multiple google accounts and the market ) . but never having tried this , i do not know how that works out . i think it is your parents , so you probably trust them enough to keep your account on the device , just adding a new one for them to use . this might solve the issue with the license stuff for the apps you already bought for them . but keep in mind that , depending on to which account the playstore app defaults then , they might still ending up buying apps with your account . and , of course , they can read your mail -- not only those mails you explicitly send them , but all mail on the bound gmail account : ) however : transfering payed apps between accounts is ( currently ? ) not possible . update : if your tablet is rooted , take a look at multi-user app share . this app permits the " owner " ( first user of the device ) to share apps with other accounts without having them re-download those from google 's playstore . as for now , it is not tested thoroughly with paid apps , but should ( at least partly ) work . check the app 's description and comments for details .
you can that following these steps : select the image ( s ) you want to upload click on " copy " , it is in the lower bar , at left in another tab , open the folder where you want to upload your image ( s ) click on the clipoard icon at left click on " paste all "
instead of selecting the pictures folder , you have to select the corresponding dcim folder select the images instead of copy , select the other options menu in the right corner select copy to from that menu a different browser dialog will appear where you can select the cloud storages as well
if you have tried to clear it from the apps settings for dropbox and google drive , you will find there are no defaults set , because the default is set with the app that opens the file , not the app you open it from . from apps in the device settings , go to office suite pro 's settings , and click clear defaults there .
there is a modified version of the play store that removes device restrictions . see this xda thread for more info and the download link to your version of android . it also disables self-updating of the play store so your modified version wont be replaced by a newer official one . cheers
i have not used it but a quick search on the play store suggests this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.birdapi.android.dpipro it specifies that : this is the only lcd density app that can fix the " this device is not supported " error message in the android market when using an unsupported dpi ! note : i am not affiliated with this product
actually there is plenty android anti-malware solutions . here 's a list ordered by the best results according to av-test - the independent it-security institute and the latest test results performed during february and march 2012 , where were reviewed 41 different solutions . detection rates of 90% and above : avast ! free mobile security dr . web anti-virus light f-secure mobile security ikarus mobile . security lite kaspersky mobile security lookout security and antivirus mcafee mobile security myandroid protection nq mobile security zoner antivirus free to quote : the best products in our tests ( with detection rates of 90% and above ) come from the following top 10 companies , listed in alphabetic order : avast , dr . web , f-secure , ikarus , kaspersky , lookout , mcafee , myandroid protection , nq mobile and zoner . users of products made by these companies can be assured that they are protected against malware .
the droid 2 does not have fastboot mode ; its bootloader is locked . fastboot mode is really just the bootloader mode in other phones , like nexus phones . out of curiosity , where exactly did you hear that the d2 had a fastboot mode , and why do you want to access it ?
according to the gingerbread user guide , under settings -> wireless and networks , you should have an nfc option that you can remove the tick from to turn this on or off .
i do not know if archos have modified the music player at all , but on most android devices and players , the most reliable way to ensure that all your music shows its album art in the player is to embed the album art directly in the mp3 file , rather than relying on a " folder.jpg " or a " albumart.jpg " being in the folder . as far as i know most music selling websites embed the album art directly in the file , and a lot of popular cd ripping software does too these days , so it is probably only your older files , or ones you have got from elsewhere that do not have the art embedded in the file . i use a windows program called mp3tag to embed the album art directly into the file amongst other things , but there is lots of other software that will do this , see these answers on our superuser sister site for some suggestions : what is the easiest way to update album art ? , or bulk fix album artwork in itunes library for display
if your froyo is rooted , the hotspot works great-my wife uses her macbook with no problem .
the only tethering methods currently supported on blackberry services are via usb and bluetooth , and even then the only supported method relies on the blackberry desktop software . they do not currently support any wifi tethering or wifi hotspot functionality . i am not aware of any third party software for wifi tethering either , unfortunately . now if you had a froyo android phone you had have no problem :- )
yes , google is in charge of the android market .
you could create a tasker profile that sets the ringer volume when a bluetooth headset is connected . i am not sure how to handle the case when you disconnect the headset , though . you would only want to set the volume back to zero if it was zero when it was connected . edit : tasker gives access to current ringer volume via variable %volr in a profile with condition bluetooth connected : set a variable %savevol to %volr set ringer volume to desired level , if %volr = 0 exit task : set ringer volume to 0 , if % savevol = 0
i have followed this guide and my phone is now unlocked . i would not recommend it for a beginner user , because it involves pretty advanced commands and procedures , and uses roms and tools from untrusted sources . proceed at your own risk ! the performed steps were basically : create a complete nandroid backup on the sd card . google for a stock rom for the specific phone model i owned , and the specific carrier that it is locked to . i found one on a random forum . this is not recommended for obvious security reasons , but i was desperate . if your carrier provides an official stock rom , i definitely recommend you prefer using it . googled for the adb drivers for my phone model . in this case , the motorola drivers worked fine . connected the phone to my computer and flashed the stock rom . in my case , this actually downgraded my phone from android 4.0.4 to 2.3.3 and unrooted it . performed the unlock procedure using the unlock code i had . rooted my phone again , and installed a new recovery menu applied the nandroid backup from the recovery menu . result : phone is back as it was before , but unlocked .
obviously you have network locked phone and correct unlock code . the problem is somebody typed wrong code too many times and therefor the phone will not accept the unlock code . the solution is to hard reset the phone - search google for hard reset instructions . once the hard reset is done the phone will accept your unlock code ! best regards , gsmwong
there is a sim lock and network lock - both distinctively different ! sim lock is to prevent phone from starting up unless a user 's pin is entered . network lock is what it is , tied to the carrier and requires the unlock code which can be bought for a fee . by the sound of it , a confusion arose , when it asked for the sim 's pin code that requires to be entered - which is not the network lock code ! it is selected and decided by the user . in short , sim lock has a maximum count of three times to enter the pin code and if unsuccessful and the maximum retry count has reached , the puk ( personal unblocking code ) code needs to be entered ! the puk code can be found on the original sim card plastic accompaniment as obtained by the original carrier . if this cannot be found , the only way is to take it back to the place of origin , where the sim card was bought and explain to the sales rep about it and may be charged ! ( now , they could easily be suspicious as in " handling a stolen handset " . . . get the original proof of purchase from the owner , documentation etc to back yourself up just-in-case ! ) edit ok , after clarifying with the op , who kindly showed the screenshot in their edited question , the message is slightly ambiguous which lead to my not being 100% sure if that message when fed into google ' translator is saying " pin unlock the sim network . " do not know if that is saying sim unlock pin or network lock hence the ambiguity . but further investigation lead to this thread , specifically post #3 which does back-up the op 's statement , despite the thread discussing about samsung , i would guess the same thing may apply to the motorola handset : i have also been told to remove cm9 and reinstall the stock rom in order for the unlock to work , but ( 1 ) i have no idea if this would actually help , and ( 2 ) i have never changed a rom before and , althouh i used cm9 to create a nandroid backup , i have no idea how to reinstall cm9 and then restore the backup . that makes perfect sense , as the stock rom would know how to handle the mechanism as its built into it specifically for the handset , so yes , a revert to the stock rom would be required which would obviously mean another op 's question to be posted separately or by per-chance , a quick google-fu to yield on how to revert back to original .
i managed to get my hands on one to test this and wi-fi tethering between the two worked fine , no apps required .
yes , that is how i occasionally browse on my nexus 7 . i use this app called as OpenGarden which has a very clean interface and uses vpn via bluetooth to connect to your internet enabled open . note : you need opengarden on your phone too . do not worry . it is a free app !
you can indeed . disclaimer : rooting may brick your device and invalidate your carrier and manufacturer warranty . i did not write the guide below ( full credit is due to the poster on xda developers , and i have left the words ' my ' in place but it is his work ) , and it is your responsibility to check you are happy to proceed . here be dragons . this guide was written in july of 2013 and i can not say for sure if it will work on android 4.3 and your particular bootloader at all . i have not tested this method . rooting form a pc is easier and has less scope for human errors and is liklier to work in general . this xda thread is relating to the sprint version but should apply to the s3 general . prerequisites the following files are attached to this post for convenience . download and install the apps , download and extract the zip file somewhere convenient . superuser by koush ( must be this one . you can change it later if you so desire . ) terminal emulator by jack palevich ( must be this one ) zip file , extracted somewhere convenient the goods these generic names will be used : /path/to/motochopperdir - this is the full path to the extracted motochopper-mobile directory or folder . example : /sdcard/motochopper-mobile ( will vary depending on where you extracted the files ) . note : after running the script , motochopper may or may not print " failed " , but the exploit does indeed work regardless of this . make sure you reboot for changes to take effect . download the attached zip file and both apps . install terminal emulator and superuser ( use a file manager , navigate to the downloaded . apk files and click on each file to install them ) . open up terminal emulator and type the following commands . press the enter key after each command . code : from there , my setup . sh script will handle the rest of the process . if you are still unsure , see my sample run below . sample run ( files were extracted to /sdcard/moto ) the links : android term . apk super user motochopper
to my knowledge , there is no computer-less method of rooting the samsung galaxy s3 unfortunately .
after you have deleted the message , sync your google account .
i just did this , and it works . go into Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage applications &gt; All &gt; Market then clear data , and cache . i had to reboot the phone after . but once it reboots , go into the market , and the music section should be there .
i have not tried it but i think it should work just like the app market enabler fakes the sim id .
as far as i know there is no standard for sending coordinates ( such as a uri scheme like gps://[latitude],[longitude] ) , but you could use direct links to google maps . the format is https://maps.google.com/maps?q=[latitude],[longitude] . this enables most phones to create a link from the text , and the coordinates are easily available for copy/pasting to other apps as well .
you can encode your location in message by using locationmanager and smsmanager . check out these questions : stackexchange-url stackexchange-url
easiest way . check your packaging . look for model describtion on the back of the other label . either z520 or z560 , the z520 is s4 , 560 is s3 . from wikipedia : processor and memory one version of the one s uses a qualcomm snapdragon s4 . . . in certain markets the one s uses the older snapdragon s3 . . . the two versions have slightly different packaging , the s4 is model z520e/z520m and states " processor : dual core , 1.5ghz"/"cpu speed 1.5 ghz , dual core , whereas the s3 is model z560e and states " processor : dual core " .
what other apps related to mobile data are you using ? is there any battery saver app that are using ? they can turn your data on or off automatically . whatsapp does not have the permission to enable mobile data . so it must be some other app . still you can use 3g watchdog to check if whatsapp is the culprit .
some phones just can not support call recording because of how the hardware is designed . if you have tried several apps , and none of them work correctly , that is probably the case here .
i have the same problem and also installed many callrecoders , but all gave the same problem . i downloaded the audio files from my phone and loaded them into a sound editor ( i.e. . sony soundforge ) . i played the file 5.5 times slower and noticed that they played well , i could understand the conversation perfectly . so it seems that all is recorded only played back 5.5 times too fast . this is a problem which can not be corrected within the phone . my advice : download all audio files to a computer , convert and save them with the new speed . they will work fine !
if you are not sure if you need root , you do not need root . there are any number of alternative launchers you can install that will give your device a custom look-and-feel and add/adjust functionality from vanilla android . heck , there are launchers that can simulate the look-and-feel of iphone and windows phone . have a look on the play store for " launchers " or " home screen replacements " .
i have noticed that when i connect my phone with high voltage socket for charging it always shows charging percentage , but when i use a low voltage socket ( using extension box , spike or similar things ) it shows only " charging " .
open the phone app . tap the number *#*#4636#*#* before you can hit dial , a screen with some info will pop up , including an option for battery info . tap that and it will list . source : droid incredible
this also works as a solution : market+ .
you will need an app like tasker than can assign actions with activity launches . action com.google.android.finsky.VIEW_MY_DOWNLOADS package com.android.vending class com.google.android.finsky.activities.MainActivity you can use qcustomshortcut to create this shortcut ! i tried several different shortcut creators with no luck , but this one actually works . use the above information and you will be set !
place in every directory , you want to be excluded by the media scanner , an empty file named " . nomedia " . then restart your phone and the ' marked ' directories should not be indexed any more .
just rename the folders with dot in front . eg : newfolder to .newfolder and restart the phone .
try mind map memo . easy to add new branches with a simple swipe but not as powerful as thinking space .
i have been using the app thinking space . certainly not as efficient but good if i want to map a quick idea out .
according to my experience , it does not turn mobile networking on . i have android 2.2 on htc desire hd .
i would recommend installing a custom rom with support for the language you need . i think cyanogenmod might be a good try since it is usually very stable and close to " stock " roms of android . you can find the stable cyanogenmod version for htc desire s here . rooting and flashing roms on your device might require some work on your device if it is not rooted , or if it is rooted it might be quite simple . since you do not offer any information on whether you are rooted or not , here 's some resources for you to look up : installing a custom rom on the htc desire s [ hd ] step-by-step tutorial how to s-off and root the htc desire s , sensation , wildfire , evo , flyer hd - a step-by-step tutorial all of this is of course assuming that your current android version does not support changing the language . you might want to look in your menus just to make sure . if it is not there , you need to get another rom . if you have any questions , please comment on this answer and i will try to expand on it accordingly .
adb sideload command just loads a zip file from the computer to the phone . the creator of the zip controls what it does ( the recovery just uploads it from the computer and looks at a specific file ) . you can do a lot with it , but it is not a full rom , it is cannot replace a rom . here is an example of an update . zip i once wrote and sideloaded it to a phone : mount("yaffs2", "MTD", "userdata", "/data"); delete("/data/system/gesture.key"); delete("/data/system/password.key"); ui_print("Done!"); it deletes a couple of files , and prints a successful result . 2 . the command fastboot flash all can replace an entire rom , because it does a bunch of operations like format a partition and install a new rom . but you can flash other files that do not do those things ( but often this command do exactly that . ) 3 . you can do a lot of things in the adb command line , like delete a partition a flash or just copy something else to it . what exactly do you want to do ? on which partition ? hope this is helpful , and check out the android developers page on adb ( http://developer.android.com/tools/help/adb.html ) .
what is your final goal ? you can try to root it using towelroot ( its an apk that just roots the device ) . or something else . exploit roots are nice , as they are not changing your boot partition and let you clone the original one later on . i never used the command you mentioned , i always used dd . adb shell su dd if=/dev/block/platform/ . . . . /by-name/boot of=/data/local/tmp/oboot . img chmod 777 /data/local/tmp/oboot . img exit exit adb pull /data/local/tmp/oboot . img there is another option : download the official firmware from the net , unzip and untar it and you will have all your partition images ready . this is an example for samsung devices : http://samsung-updates.com/ if you would tell us more about the device you are using , we could help you much better . ( device name , hardware tag/number like gt-i9505 , android and firmware version ) good luck !
there is a checkable/uncheckable option called block offensive words under settings → voice input and output → voice recognizer settings . for samsung phones , the settings are named slightly differently : from the settings app , try language and input → voice search settings → block offensive words . this of course only works with the integrated google voice recognition . for android 4.3 ( and possibly earlier versions ) : settings → language and input → google voice typing ( settings ) → block offensive words
settings , language and input , voice search settings , then uncheck " block offensive words " ( thats for samsung phones )
according to the specs i was looking at , the galaxy spica only supports audio out , not video .
i finally figured out how to fix this . what i did i did a double factory reset : nothing happened . downgraded to android 4.2.2: nothing happened . downgraded to android 4.1.2: nothing happened . upgraded to android 4.3: nothing happened . factory reset : gallery appeared ! upgraded to android 4.4.2: gallery did not disappear !
do you use any custom kernel or do you have stock factory default ? if you do not have stock then there is no recovery . if you have a custom kernel , you should press the vol down button when you see the kernel logo . that is because custom kernels have cwm recovery integrated , because xperia 2011 phones do not have a the recovery partition . for solution to your problem , you should use seus , that is the only way to fix a bootloop with stock kernel . you can download it from here : http://www.sonymobile.com/global-en/tools/update-service/ the software is self-explanatory and will guide you how to enter into flash mode . here 's a tutorial on how to use seus : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_ocgb6asqq
is your boot-loader unlocked via sony unlocking tool ? caveat emptor you will lose data proceeding below ! quoted directly : what phones can be unlocked ? to check if you phone can be unlocked , follow the steps below : first , you should confirm that it is possible to unlock the boot loader of your phone by checking the service menu . in your phone , open the dialler and enter # #7378423# # to access the service menu . in your phone , tap service info > configuration > rooting status . if bootloader unlock allowed says yes , then you can continue with the next step . if it says no , or if the status is missing , your device cannot be unlocked . if the above says it cannot be unlocked , then you cannot unlock it and flash a custom rom , you are out of luck ! follow the answer below by another poster who is 100% correct in usage of sus ( see below further down in my answer ) to reset it . if it says it can , then go ahead and follow the instructions to unlock the boot-loader . you will lose your settings . then go to xda and install legacyxperia which has the custom clockworkmod recovery which can be activated by toggling the volume buttons upon start-up . the quirk about the semc 2011 line of handsets is - there is no actual recovery partition , the custom boot image found within legacyxperia handles the necessary loading of the recovery if the volume keys are pressed , and if not , continues loading android as usual . oh and by the way , you might notice on some websites , where it governs using fastboot , it will say something like this : fastboot flash boot boot.img - that is incorrect ! you must specify fastboot -i 0xfce flash boot boot.img , its the -i 0xfce part that is omitted . it will not work without it . if you wish to use a more powerful tool unlike sus tool ( sony companion tool that checks for firmware updates ) , you can use this tool called flashtool which can do a lot more than the sus software itself , such as re-locking the boot-loader ( if reverting back to stock ) . the above is for the more adventurous kind of person , if not the other answer by the poster is more suited .
on my samsung galaxy s3 , this setting is inside the text messaging app , rather than as a general setting . open the text messaging app , and start the settings menu . about halfway down i have a block of notification settings . first being notifications , second being ringtone , third is vibrate . uncheck and you are done . hope your settings menu is similar since its from the samsung family .
have you tried whoisit ? setup different ringtones and vibration patterns for sms , mms , google talk , google voice , and k-9 for each contact
if you root your phone then you can safely install xposed and this module that should fix the problem .
swipe from left edge to right do not fix the problem but make the menu accesible , and do not require to root the phone . from http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=55005591postcount=2 swype from left edge to right or use xposed module " x3 jelly bean play store fix " if you have rooted your device
i have the same problem on my phone , but luckily i found a way around it . simply swipe in from the left hand side and it brings you the exact same menu you are after .
after moving the app off the sd card to the phone i did not even have to take the sd card out , it updated fine . check with following links 1: http://www.androidpolice.com/2011/04/19/fixing-the-couldnt-install-on-usb-storage-or-sd-card-problem-on-android/ 2: http://www.newbiehelper.net/2011/05/solve-install-on-usb-storage-or-sd-card.html
you can find the file smdl2tmp1.asec in the folder /mnt/secure/asec/ . as dario said erase it : )
a fix i have found and that works is to mount the sd card on a pc , open the * . android_secure* folder and delete a file named smdl2tmp1 . asec . it seems that it is a leftover file from a previous ( failed ? ) installation/update that prevents another update to run correctly .
kindle has a built-in dictionary that you can download . when you highlight a word , it shows the meaning to you . is that not good enough ? screenshot ( click for larger variant )
first of all you should download the stock rom : xda forum - micromax canvas juice a77 [ root , recovery , roms , etc ] [ mtk6572 ] after that , if you only changed that file , you can extract it from stock rom and replace it in your phone ( check to assign the right permissions ) , factory reset and your phone should work again . if it is still not working you can flash the whole rom . btw factory reset only resets your /data partition it does not change /system because that is not supposed to change at all , so factory reset will never restore files in /system . it is always better to backup the original files before you change anything .
boat browser has a floating tab feature that can minimize to the notification bar ( pulldown menu ) . you can also resize this window . it is the closest i can recommend . boat browser ( click for larger image )
android handles battery calibration . your battery life will be better if you keep it between 20% and 80% charged , and only charge it while it is off . this is true for all lithium ion batteries . it may not be realistic to adhere to that 100% , i sure do not . you do not need to charge it overnight .
luckily most phone manufacturers do something pretty intelligent with android , there is hardware built in overcharge protection , basically when the battery gets to 100% it stops routing power from the ac adapter to the battery , and instead uses the ac power to power the phone . but because this is true most ( if not all ) android based devices turn on as soon as they have enough power to , so charging while off becomes impossible . i would agree that you should really only start charging at lower than 20% , as far as calibration goes i would say once a month seems fair , that is if you have a phone that stays off when plugged into ac . but it is likely that there is no built in hardware to prevent overcharge , so you may want to figure out how long it will actually take to charge before just going and plugging it in for 8 hours , as that could take a toll on your battery .
your first request ( ownership ) will not work on sd card , as the file system ( vfat ) does not support that . the second approach however should work : as we are talking about your sd card , you could of course mount it to your pc for easier work . steps i describe here should work for linux systems , and probably macs as well . to execute them directly on your device without the help of a pc , you can use a terminal app ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) . if you expect a longer list of files , redirect the output of the last command to a file , e.g. : find /mnt/sdcard -type f -newer /tmp/start -not -newer /tmp/end &gt; /tmp/myfiles.txt  now you can inspect the generated file . of course you can adapt above statements to your needs , e.g. using a different location for the " timestamp files " . once you are done , you can remove those : rm -f /tmp/start /tmp/end 
not really , no . it is generally up to each individual app to control how often it checks for updates and raises notifications . not all apps allow you to control that ( except , of course , for turning off notifications for that app altogether . )
as odd as it may sound , i found a solution in the net and it worked for me twice already ! ! put the phone in a bright light , strong bulb or direct sun , and do a hard reset ! ! worked twice for me .
as per xda here you can perform force restart by doing this . To reboot the phone without ADB, just hold down the Vol Up and power button for 9 seconds, the phone should shut down.  if this does not power down the phone , you can try this . lot of people has reported success in this method for most of the htc phones . Put your phone under a bright light then hold power+volume down.  if both of them fails , you have to wait till the battery die and let it charge and power on the phone normally . hope this helps you . good luck .
i have had the same problem with my htc one m7 , but the vol down or vol up with power button did not force it to reboot . i was messing around with the phone and a call came in . i was able to answer the call and after the call my phone went back to normal ! so i would suggest trying to call the phone from another phone .
this sounds like your sms settings are wrong . most likely the smsc ( short message service center ) number is not set . check your settings with the one your provider/carrier tells you to set .
i managed to fix the problem myself in the end . the solution : i has to flash the boot . img file . to do this : download the cm update from here that matches the update you installed . make sure you choose the correct device as well . ( htc one x is " endeavoru" ) unzip the file , and copy the boot . img file to c:\android\android-sdk\tools ( or wherever you have the android dev stuff installed ) . boot your phone into the bootloader ( power button + volume down for htc one x ) and choose fastboot from the menu , using the volume buttons to go up and down the list and the power button to choose . connect your phone to your pc via usb . it will install fastboot drivers . open a command prompt window and cd to the \tools directory mentioned above . run the command fastboot devices to make sure your phone is connected . if it shows , run fastboot flash boot boot.img to flash the boot . img file to your phone . finally run fastboot reboot to restart the phone . your phone will go through the " android is upgrading " process and you should be back in business once that finishes . you will also need to flash gapps or any other custom mods/addons you had installed before upgrading . there are plenty of guides online explaining how to do this .
have you tried to wipe data/factory reset and wipe cache partition ? this worked for me when i flashed the rom on my galaxy s3 .
a faster way odo it is download the cm rom to yu micro sd card and istall the update ( by the waythis only works if you have a clowckwokod or teamwin recovery ) then install then go to installupdatefromsdcard1> downloads ( or whatever folder it may be in ) > yes and let it insall , the n re-root the device after update is installed then after root file is complete reboot into recovery and reset device and reboot after that it works
from the question comments , you have not calibrated your battery ( in a long time or ever ) . you need to do a proper calibration : do a full charge of the device 's battery . use the device until it turns off on its own . do a full discharge of the battery . one neat trick is to get some game that has wakelock ( does not let the screen turns off ) and leave it running with the device on a well-ventilated place . after the device dies of low battery , wait for it to cool down and turn it on and use it a bit more . when it refuses to turn on at all , its fully discharged . plug it in and let it charge to max . this will set the flags for full and empty battery , and the meters should be accurate . if the problem persists , your battery may be damaged . if the device 's battery is still under warranty , take it to the service center .
you can always try a different dialer like go contacts ex , and have it replace the stock dialer . it lets you change themes / colors .
you can always hide the exchange contacts if you do not want to see them . in the contacts app :
the command is : adb remount . please try this first however if it does not work , make sure your device is rooted , and try these commands : adb shell su mount -o remount,rw /system those commands will directly remount the system as rw , however you must be rooted .
try this , from the whatsapp faq . to restore from a backup , follow these steps : uninstall whatsapp . decide which backup file you want to restore . rename that file from " msgstore-yyyy-mm-dd . 1 . db . crypt " to " msgstore . db . crypt " install whatsapp when asked to restore , tap [ restore ]
you can back up your sd card to a pc by mounting it from the pc or over the network with a number of different syncing tools . this will not backup each application 's state unless they specifically have exported configuration to the sd card . this will include all your pictures . you cannot back up application state ( to a pc ) without root . see the other " possible duplicates " and " related " questions for how and why this is . there is supposedly a backup api built into android ( developer guide ) but i have yet to see that actually be used , or see any reports by others of it working .
check out this page on the app inventor website on how to use app inventor with an emulator .
there an app developed to deal with that issue , smart timeout keep screen on by guidology available from google play store : smart timeout allows you to specify apps that will keep the screen / display on . once there are no specified apps visible on the screen the normal screen timeout is enabled . works great while reading articles in web browsers , email , or any app you specify . you will no longer need to worry about touching the screen to prevent the screen from sleeping , dimming or timing out . ain't free , costs 0,76€ , but " saves " you from the described annoying situation : )
if you are connected to wifi , then it may be set to turn off when the screen is turned off . you can use the video linked below to explain how to do it , in essense : go to the system settings select wifi press the menu key select advanced change wi-fi sleep policy to ' always ' video
i saw this issue on my moto x . i also had the wifi sleep policy to always and the download would freeze once the phone went to standby . i found that if i put the play store in the background , it will continue to download and install .
though i do not know about any " official way " ( did i miss some option in the playstore app ? ) , i can think of a work-around using tasker ( or a similar automation app ) . as a long-term tasker user , i can best describe it for this app , which is the most feature-filled and complete automation solution for android ( but for sure not the cheapest and easiest one ) . you might be able to adapt that to a different tool . tasker combines " conditions " with " tasks " to so-called " profiles " -- so let 's create a profile " appupdates": condition : app ( select the playstore or whatever market app you use ) task : display ( disable timeout ) that should do it : as long as one of the selected apps ( you can select multiple entries there ) is running in the foreground , the display will be kept alive -- and thus the device from going to sleep . mission accomplished .
for a more complete instruction set of how to get the nexus 4 udev rules on ubuntu configured follow these instructions : how to find your device vendor id you can find a vendor id for usb connected devices with the following linux command : lsusb  this will generate a list of all connected usb devices so make sure your device is connected before you do so . Bus 001 Device 004: ID 18d1:4ee2 Google Inc.  the first part of the field after id is the vendor id ( 18d1 ) and the second part corresponds to the mode in which the device is connected . in this case 4ee2 equals mtp mode with debug on . create udev rule for nexus 4 to be able to detect the nexus 4 phone under ubuntu , first thing is to create the proper udev rules that will allow the system to detect the phone . these udev rules should be able to handle 4 different cases : phone connected in mtp mode ( usb debug on or off ) phone connected in ptp mode ( usb debug on or off ) phone connected in fastboot mode phone connected in recovery mode they will be declared in /etc/udev/rules.d/99-android.rules . if file already exists , just append the content at the end of it . # sudo gedit /etc/udev/rules.d/99-android.rules  below contents has to be added . make sure to replace the your-login field with your proper username your logged in with . restart services once done , udev service has to be restarted . # sudo service udev restart  note that in some cases it is also needed to restart adb with : adb kill-server adb start-server  or completely reboot the system with : sudo reboot -n  reconnecting the usb cable ( instead of a reboot ) might also work . authorize adb connection if you have just enabled the adb debug option on your phone and created this new connection the adb command might list your device as unauthorized . just check the screen of your phone then to authorize the new connection . credits most of this information was found at http://bernaerts.dyndns.org/android/267-android-nexus4-root-twrp-ubuntu . this is a rooting guide for nexus 4 on ubuntu . i only used the first step of this guide .
it is not enough to make the developer options page appear in the settings menu ( by repeatedly tapping the build number ) . on that page , there is an option usb debugging , which defaults to off . when usb debugging is enabled , connecting your device to a pc using usb makes the " usb debugging connected " notification appear , regardless of whether adb is currently running on the pc .
you can download this app ( adbwireless ) and connect to it via wireless , using the wifi without the cable you can connect directly via a address as shown by the widget/app . usually its the following : adb connect 192.168.1.x:5555 
you have to tell adb to use tcpip adb tcpip 5555 adb connect 10.0.0.2  then to go back to usb mode adb usb 
give a try to go backup pro which is completely free . it need root access and backup your apps+data , and when you will restore your backup it will not ask you install app every time . backup contacts , messages , go launcher settings , system setting and apps backup apps data（needs root） hide annoying app installation interface when restore apps（needs root ) cloud backup supported , sync to dropbox .
the best are backup methods that backup and restore app data . titanium backup is excellent for this , and easy to do , especially with the pro version . it allows you to backup the apps , including the relevant app data , which holds the game progress . the pro version lets you restore them seamlessly , while the free version requires manual re-install , like astro . you can also sync these backups to online storage spaces like dropbox or google drive . if you have multiple devices ( i have a tablet and phone that i like to sync progress on , for example ) , datasync is by far the best option . it can sync to dropbox or strictly device-to-device , but can sync all the app data with game progress to another device for subsequent use , or resyncing back to the original device later . let us know what you choose !
another fool-proof method ( no need to worry about having a specific backup app ) is to grab the game 's data directly . the data for all user-installed apps can be found in /data/data/*package name* . this will be all settings , saves , and anything else . just browse into there and copy the relevant directories to somewhere safe and put them back when you are done flashing and have reinstalled the app and run it at least once . yet another way , which will work without root , is you do the same as above , but using adb . turn on usb debugging , connect up to your computer , and run adb pull /data/data/*package name* C:\where\you\want\the\files . then once you are done with your rom flashing and have reinstalled the apps , do adb push C:\where\you\put\the\files /data/data/*package name* , or if you now have root with your custom rom , just copy the directories you pulled to the sd card and put them back in /data/data on the device .
sad to say but most of the time you can not . yeah the mentioned backup apps work with some games but smartphones are not gaming consoles so with a majority of them you are sol .
in order to get a font of the regional language you will first need to root your device . follow this in order to understand what does rooting a device mean and this question on how to root . there is one more site which is providing rooting specific to your device after you have rooted the device then you need a file manager application like es file explorer now download the font file open es file explorer ( give root access open the file explorer> config > give root access ) copy your font file and paste it to ( root ) /system/fonts set permissions as 644 or rw . reebot/restart your device . now if you want to give gujrati as the input font download the keyboard app from the play store . rooting your device will void your warranty and you will be doing on your own risk . please understand the risk 's or data loss involved and go ahead only when you have the complete knowledge of it .
root the mobile first . then install the app " font installer " from play store . download some gujarathi font , keep it in sdcard and install through font installer app .
i am in a very similar situation where i want to install a new rom but i do not want to have to re-install everything . fortunately , we are not alone . seems wartickler from from xda-developers have done the hard work for us . he has posted the very detailed solution at http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1994705 it actually recovers your partition as a raw file , coverts it to vhd and then recovers the data from it ( using magic i presume ) it is not a 5 minute exercise and not recommended for beginners , but seems to solve the problem . ps . i have not tried it myself , so results may vary .
let me starting answering the title question , about backups : honestly , titanium backup is overrated . ( unless you have a lot of non-market app , or apps that have weird local data storage --i , like most people , do not have either ) second , depending on rom compatibility , your apps will be untouched . but do not count on it . i count on it when i update the nightly cyranogen rom on my device , but that is the only case when i do that . for a new rom , you would not even want the same apps to being with . for example , most of my apps before i flashed cyanogen mod were to give me lame solutions for what i was missing without cyanogen . after i got cyanogen , i think i reinstalled only 1/3 of the apps i had before . also , very few apps will store anything exclusively locally nowadays . just go over your list of app , see the ones that install data locally , export it one way or another , just wipe , reinstall and restore . now it is even easier than before as the market will save your previous installs . now to the particular phone issue : there is something wrong . i never had a phone sans sd-card , even the touchpad has a fake sd partition . . . i assumed every install of android required a /data partition to begin with . but even if your phone does not have one , i think it is possible to create , as the guys from cyanogen mod created on the touchpad . now , if by full wipe you really mean full wipe ( factory reset something ) than you are wiping the /data partition as well as the system and the dalvik cache , and everything is normal . you just have to stop doing it : )
you can use adb backup command to back-up everything to your pc . use this manual on xda for correct parameters .
a combination of titanium backup ★ root and foldersync might do . you need to set it up once , then have tb taking care to backup your apps and apps data -- while foldersync automatically transfers those backups plus additional selected folders ( "sd contents" ) to your computer when connected to your local wifi network .
i tried galaxy nexus toolkit to take backup when i updated my galaxy nexus to android 4.2.1 . it worked very well and i was able to restore my apps with data . but for the games like need for speed , i lost the downloaded data . so if your app downloads extra data from servers , you may need to take /android/data/ [ app package directory ] to avoid extensive data download after installation . there is an option in this tool to take entire internal sd card image as virtual sd card . just explore more about this tool and decide if it really can work for you .
how to find out what is going on as this problem can have many causes , it is important to first figure out the real culprit . without knowing that , attempted solutions are nothing but guesswork , and the process nothing but try-and-err . so here are a few steps : is it a hardware error on the card ? put the card in a different device . it the same problems occur there , we can rule out your problem is with the device , and it is rather the card . is the card corrupted ? you can put the card in a card reader , attach it to your computer , and have it checked there . with a terminal app , you could try the same from within your device , using the /sbin/fsck.vfat tool – but on your computer , graphical tools might assist you . check the android logs for related errors : our logging tag-wiki gives you some hints on how to do this . especially useful might be our question on how can i view and examine the android log ? the third step lead directly to the cultprit ( s ) in your case : corrupted files . deleting those made the card usable again . so next , let 's check a few possible causes : what could be possible culprits ? the card could be physically corrupted . in this case , the same errors should occur on other devices , and as well on your computer when using a card reader . only solution for this is to replace the card with a new one , as a " physical repair " is not possible . there might be problems with the contacts . here a few things could be tried , like cleaning the contacts of the card . if the same problem occurs with any card you put in your device , it is rather the device itself – in which case you had have to send it in for service . logical corruption of the cards file-system : the file system can get corrupted . this e.g. happens when you disconnect the card without cleanly unmounting it first . while in such a case the same problems should show up in any device using the card , some might be " more tolerant " on errors than others . so it does not hurt to check the file-system for errors – see step 2 in " how to find out " for checking . if there are errors found , the same tools usually can solve them . re-formatting the card would be a last resort for this as well . corrupted files on the card : the card might be physically perfect , and have no issues in the file-system . but in some cases , corrupted files might led to problems as well – especially if occuring on " central files " android is always looking for on the card when it is mounted ( in the /Android subdirectory , or while scanning for media ) . if you can read the card using a card-reader on your pc , you can make a backup there and then format the card – copying the files back one-by-one until the error occurs again , and then skip those corrupted files . easier approach is the one you have taken on my recommendation in the comments : check androids logs ( see step 3 on " how to find out" ) , and simply delete the culprits ( again , via a card reader – as you cannot do so on the device itself , which does not correctly mount the card anymore ) . possible solutions have already be mentioned along the lines , together with the related causes : cleaning the contacts of the card checking the card for file-system errors and , if there are any , have them repaired formatting the card 1 checking the android logs for other hints ( e . g . corrupted files , which then should be removed ) 1: remark : switching to an alternative file-system type does not affect whether formatting helps , but rather might lead to additional issues – as not all file-system types are supported by android . which are , differs from device to device , and depends on the rom used : vfat is the default shipping with most cards , and hence always supported . extfs is mostly supported as android uses it internally ( but might not be automatically detected , as it is not expected here ) . other types such as ntfs or hfs are very unlikely to be supported
try your sdcard with other mobile or a card reader . make sure its properly working .
first , please make the question match your description ( in description you wrote s3 , in question s4 ) . to your question : i think it can be disabled in wifi menu . press the hardware " menu " button , then go to settings .
my tablet was connected to my home wifi and then stopped . sitting in the same room as my router it reports the connection as out of range . i am using an old router set as an access point and everything else ( android phones and laptops ) connect to it just fine . to correct the problem i went in and reset the channel on the ap from 13 to 11 and voila instant connection .
it is not easy to know , but : 2 posibilities : check that the ip address configuration is correct . dhcp is properly configured , if needed . if you can not connect , try to change the security of your wi-fi . . . check if the mac access is enabled . good luck !
this is a quite old d-link wifi router . it likely needs to be either replaced or a firmware update . it may need to be re-configured to use different channels , to be compatible with the samsung galaxy ace .
i have not tried it , but circlealarm mentions : handling an alarm that rings during a call .
i believe i have one of these device ( mine is branded as something else but the us brand is the viewsonic gtablet ) . i cannot recall if i have tried to do a screenshot with ddms or not . i do not know why the forums you read would say adb would work becuase adb uses the same method as ddms . i will try my device when i get home from work today , in the mean time , i have read that these apps should work with the device . all of these are paid apps , they may have a free/lite version but i dont know if they will work for your issue . screenshot er - requires root screen shot it - requires root no root screen shot it - no root required ( but i am not sure if this works )
have you made sure that your " music volume " is actually turned up ? only then you will be able to hear the talk-back . to make sure it is , go to the stock music app , hit the " volume up " key on your phone a few times , then go back to google voice search and try again .
create a dummy apn and select that as default . with this , even if you enable data accidentally via toggles , it would still not connect . ps : added as an answer as suggested by op
boot into recovery mode , and connect your device to your computer ; then mount your device 's internal memory/sd card and download the corresponding firmware for your device ( ensuring that you have the correct firmware , or you will brick your device ! ) . after this , flash the firmware via the recovery , bearing in mind that it will wipe the current version of android from the device . samsung devices are usually very good , as they keep personal data such as music and photos separate from the system partition , and so your personal data should remain intact . with this in mind , attempt to back-up your device first ( your recovery function may have the ability to do this ) . try and establish a connection with adb using the ramdump mode ( usually volume down+power+home ) , and it may work . otherwise , adb requires a fully functioning device to work ( for security reasons ) . before installing something that modifies the way your device works ( such as chainfire 's mods , beats ' sound driver , etc ) , always back-up your device first ! only you can be blamed for not taking a backup before you installed the mod .
no , i suspect that there is not any app that can do the job . you could write it yourself , it should not be too hard . it seems that the best way to do it is using the ndk but it should be possible even in java .
how long have you used the feature ? on my gnex , it took roughly 2 work weeks for the feature to adapt to my work hours , which are 8:00-16:00 , so not that complicated . if you are working in shifts or by some other schedule , it might take longer for the feature to learn when to show which destination .
nfc task launcher can do exactly what you want , i think . it can set alarms , change volume and notification sound .
llama will let you launch a custom INTENT when it receives an nfc signal . i have not used this part of llama , as i do not have nfc on my phone , but i have used it to create a custom INTENT . this raises the question of whether you can set a specific timer and start it with an intent . i do not know if this is possible with the built-in app ; you had have to do your own research on that end . but you could use llama instead for the timer as well ( if you can live with only whole minutes for the timer ) . add a delay to the event , so that it will do something after x minutes of receiving the nfc scan . you can have the phone play a song , vibrate , launch another app , or basically anything supported .
summing up the solution from the comments and expanding : this process basically includes two steps : create a backup transfer it to the windows pc wirelessly a further pre-condition for the following is that the device is rooted , which is the case here . create the backup depending on what you need to backup , there are different good solutions available ( you can see the backup tag-wiki for more information ) : with a custom recovery such as clockworkmod , you can create a nandroid backup helium - app sync and backup can be used to create an adb style backup of all your apps including their settings titanium backup does backups of all your apps , data , settings , etc . , and has proven well over all the years all three options store their backups on the sdcard . so if your device features a microsd slot , you could even simply take out the card , and attach it to your pc using a card reader . this generally works without a cable , and such could also count as " wireless " : ) one thing you might need to care for manually are the media files , and other downloaded/manually created stuff . usually , this is stored on the sdcard as well – but that could be the internal one , so in case of the " card-reader option " you might need to copy stuff to the external card manually , which can be done with a good file manager such as es file explorer . transfer via wifi now for the wifi transfer . this can be done with the just mentioned es file explorer , which includes a " samba client " to access windows shares : just share a drive from your computer , and then copy all files over . this also can be done " the other way round " , pulling the files : with e.g. airdroid you can access your device from any web browser . airdroid includes a file manager , and lets you upload and download files . another more elegant variant , especially if you want to automate things , is to use a sync tool . here you might want to take a look at foldersync : as the name suggests , this app lets you synchronizes files and folders . like with es file explorer , you can use samba/cifs here to access a windows share . elegant permanent solution : set up scheduled backups with titanium backup , and set up a matching sync interval for tibu 's backup directory with foldersync . that way you always have an up-to-date backup off-board your device , in case of brick/loss/whatever .
i too have the problem with wifi sometimes . wifi fixer seems to do the job of fixing it in most cases . except from that , as said before , this is a bug , so you may use that temporary fix until they hopefully fix that bug .
this bug report seems to describe a similar issue . the thread is a mixed bag of reports of various versions/apps/phones/networks either fixing or causing the issue , so you may need to dig through it and try some things to diagnose . fyi , i do not have the problem on my nexus one ( o2 uk ) .
it seems you have lost your folder structure ( "albums" ) due to the bluetooth transfer . a possible solution would be to copy not over bluetooth but rather with a computer ( usb ) or over wifi and a network share , to retain the folder structure . there are many file managers available in the play store which can use network shares . you may also consider using dropbox or that kind of service .
if both the devices have nfc then try that or else as @markus has said you can only do is transfer only through the usb cable . usb cable is a better option for faster data transfer and the best part it retains the file structure in the way it was stored on another device . for that first you need to store the file as it is on the system later connect your xperia and transfer the same file . usb transfer is best for moving files > 10mb ( more then 5-6 photos ) to reduce time whereas nfc is best for single or couple of photos
according to this discussion on modaco , the ram throughput of an acer liquid is 1.3 gb/s . even if the ace 's ram is slower ( unlikely ) it is got to be way faster than the class 10 sd card speed ( 10 mb/s write ) . so yes , your theoretical basis is invalid given that class 10 is the highest rating . even uhs-ii cards with a " theoretical " max speed of over 300 mb/s are slow compared to ram , and few phones support sdxc cards anyways .
assuming you have the app available as an apk file , you can use the app nfc transfer to share it . it uses android beam to share any file ( nfc is used to set up a bluetooth connection to transfer the actual file ) .
you have to write the mount command using -t nfs ... nfsvers=4
i can tell you that is is not the mount command , it is the nfs . ko module that probably does not support nfs4 . when you call mount -t nfs ... the mount command is going to look for the filesystem type of nfs . if it does not find it , then you get the no such device error . if it does find it , it basically hands off the " mount " to the module . for the mount manager issue , if you do not have a cifs module , cifs will not work with mount manager . andsmb uses its own cifs/samaba implementation , and that is fine , but in order to accomplish something that allows any application to access the mounted share , it has to be cifs . ko module . i have to do some more looking in to the nfs issue you are still having .
might not be what you want but i do this busybox mount -o rw , intr , soft , nolock , nfsvers=2 192.168.0.7:/mnt/hd/hd_a2 /mnt/sdcard/nfs
what you are looking for is http://code.google.com/p/market-enabler/ " market-enabler is an application to fake the phone 's location and access markets from other countries . android market is separated into regions ( country and carrier specific ) and some apps are just enabled for a specific country and not available to the other countries . "
i think slideme is the best android alternative market available right now . there is an app that you need to install in order to buy apps directly via your phone . there is also getjar - a number of devs are releasing their products on getjar before or along with releasing them on the android market .
the amazon appstore for android lets you buy apps via amazon , but apparently you can only do so if you have an american account ( i have not tested that ) . there is also pdassi . it does not have all apps ( for example autodesk 's sketchbook ) , but you can buy some apps with paypal .
android market is not a free service , it requires the tablet to be licensed by google . usually the cheap tablets do not have the license , and can not access the market . there are ways to install it afterwards , but i think that they are usually model specific .
if you are looking for an updated os , you should contact the device manufacturer and ask them about it . generally for cheap tablets the installed stock rom is all you ever get . your best bet is to root and unlock your tablet and install a rom that has google apps available for it . since you do not list your tablet model , that is the most specific advice on that score i can give . failing that , there are lots of third party sites around that you let download the apks ( installation files ) for apps independently of the market place . you can install them so long as you have Unknown Sources checked in Settings-&gt;Applications you can either visit those sites directly on your tablet or visit them on your pc and transfer the download apks to your tablet via your home network . you should be able to install them just by navigating to them in a file explorer and clicking on them ( "sideloading" ) . i like android community myself . caution : you run a much higher risk of getting malware installed on your device this way . i would advise installing an anti-malware app like prey on your device .
if you have ' rooted ' your device , and installed recovery onto it , then you can use a gapps package located here to install the android market onto it : gapps download
go to your wifi settings and hit the menu button and click the advanced menu item . check the wifi sleep policy , and if it is not set to never , try setting it to never to see if this resolves the issue .
i had the same problem and solved it on a samsung captivate ( galaxy s - sgh-i896 ) with rogers in canada . the problem was an annoyance at first ( disconnecting every 10-20min ) but got worse one day when it stopped allowing tethering altogether with a message " this account is not configured for tethering . please contact rogers customer care . " calling rogers solved nothing as the problem is not at their end . the problem stemmed from a bad version/copy of a file /system/app/tetheringmanagerroger1126 . apk i first rooted the phone using superoneclick : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=803682 ( had to turn off my antivirus to unzip the files and they contain linux exploit code . ) after ensuring i had successfully rooted my phone , i got the app : " es file explorer " from the market . in that app , i had to go to menu-> settings and turn on " root explorer " which required superuser permission . and turned on " mount file system " as writable . once that was done i could browse to the : /system/app/tetheringmanagerroger1126 . apk file and just rename it to . bak that solved both the error message and the constant disconnecting and i can tether indefinitely on the phone now . i assume that if you are on at and t , there is a similar tetheringmanagerapp file that is the cause of these problems and renaming it should fix it . hope that helps .
it is probably not possible with stock firmware . you definitely have to have encryption enabled beforehand , as switching it on takes around an hour and cannot be intercepted . and encryption forces you to have a secured lock-screen normally ( stock firmwares ) . cyanogenmod7/9/10 has a unique profiles feature ; i was able to set up one with a disabled lock-screen . you can switch between profiles rather quickly ( long-pressing the power-button brings up the power menu where one can switch profiles ) . cyanogenmod users can read more here : what are cyanogenmod&#39 ; s profiles good for ? certificate install without mandatory pin lockscreen android “fake having a locked phone” - galaxy sii
opposing ce4 , i see a possibility using e.g. tasker . in case you do not know it : tasker is the most complex automation tool available on android . you connect " events " ( as e.g. phone rings , incoming sms , a given time ( clock ) , a location , . . . ) with " tasks " ( actions to be taken , as e.g. switching mobile data on/off , enabling/disabling airplane mode , adjust volume , and much more ) to so-called " profiles " . so here comes an example profile for your problem : event : event-> hardware-> camera button pressed event-> sensor-> shake-> [ configure details ] task : keyguard on so with that profile , if you hold down the camera key and shake your device , the configured keyguard ( pattern lock , pin , password ) will be activated . obviously you need the opposite action as well : use the above again with a different " shake pattern " and , of course , " keyguard off " in the task . so initially , you configure your pattern/pin/password to be set on , as usual on android ( so the system knows which one to use ) . after that , use your configured hold-shake-pattern to activate and deactivate it . pretty simple . though i did not test it -- but i like that idea , so i certainly will test it soon myself : )
i figured it out . my network was configured to use the network address as the router address . windows is able to handle this just fine , i guess , but android systems can not . so i changed the addressing settings to set the router to end in . 161 instead of . 160 ( the network address ) and it is all good :d
take a look at network discovery -- it lists all devices within the same network , together with some details on them , as e.g. ip , mac address , available services : network discovery ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) other port scanners will do as well .
works in 2.3.6 i have 2.3.6 version ( galaxy y ) . i am not sure if this works in 2.3 alone but this answer could help others as this ( text forwarding ) is tricky in android which you will not find any menu options directly . even i had trouble forwarding initially but i found the actual answer from hedgeterimmer 's answer . long tap the message text ( message options menu appears ) scroll down the menu and look for forward option ( button ) and that is what you wanted
you could long-tap the message , select " copy message text " , then paste that into the input field of a thread with the new recipient .
i do not know what your app did , but i find it strange that it is no longer booting . i would suggest trying to get your device in to recovery mode . i have never done this on a non-rooted device so i am not 100% sure you can do a factory reset from the " stock recovery " . but i know you can do it on a rooted device . i found these steps , but again , i am not sure if this pertains to only rooted devices . turn your desire off , now hold the volume down and power button in to boot into hboot . now use the volume button to navigate to boot recovery and select it by pressing the trackpad button .
it is just an updated version of the music app ( new , fancy ui ) , supposedly ready for full google music cloud , for when it comes to the uk . i was unable to view the details in the market like yourself , but i could actually do the update . nexus s on 2.3.4 too . did you by any chance get an update notification for google books too ?
updating is sufficient . i think clear is for cases where you are offline and can not update .
i use pocketcloud and it always seems to do well for me . although , i have not tried it a lot with an external mouse .
i am not sure what you mean by " hdmi support " , but i myself use teamviewer . i have tested lots of programs like this for my android , and my experience tells me that this is the best app for me . i hope you get the same impression .
yes . they are called wireless emergency alerts , part of the emergency alerts system . there was a thing in california earlier this year over the first use of the system giving utterly irreverent information ( sending the alert to people hundreds of miles from the event ) , presumably due to poor implementation .
i updated avatarrom with the 4.0.10 nightly update . that fixed the problem . the keyboard crashes are history .
your os is supported . your phone should be as well . do not know about your country . i hate to speculate without know exactly what is going on , but honestly i have never seen anyone have all the trouble that rovio is having getting their app visible to anyone in the market . since the beta its been randomly blocked from rather unusual groups ( like samsung vibrant owners in the us ) -- and all rovio does is blame geographic restrictions in the market . anyway , all that explanation aside -- here 's an alternative download for an ad-supported version : http://www.getjar.com/adp/angry-birds mobile version : http://m.getjar.com/adp/angry-birds
getjar is where they first posted it and it got hammered . they got it on the android market pretty quickly , but rovio 's complaint ( and why they went with an alternate market in the first place ) is that a lot of people complained they could not find the beta in the android market . a few people who were able to get it set up mirrors , including a torrent . a quick web search should find an alternative download location for you , if you have not already got it .
this is what i have : http://www.appbrain.com/app/angry-birds/com.rovio.angrybirds
on a uk galaxy s , i know that i could not find the beta version in the market for ages , then samsung released "2.1 update 1" and straight after i upgraded i could see angry birds in the market , now the full versions there i can see that too . have your network released 2.1-update1 ( aka build jm x ) for you yet , try checking with the samsung kies software .
shockingly , you can not block calls with xperia phones . unfortunately it is not possible to do this without installing any 3rd party software . i know that truecaller has this function if you want to use a 3rd party app . source : official sony forum you need to download 3rd party softwares that are mentioned earlier : truecaller calls blacklist
there is an app called ' truecaller ' i think to do this job . search it in google play . here - truecaller
well , let us try doing this again , 1 ) pickup your sony xperia j , 2 ) open the contact page 3 ) select number from the list ( i.e. . the number you want to blacklist ) 4 ) press menu key 5 ) add to reject list . all done i think you are going somewhere wrong , it has to be there ! let me know if you find it out !
well , that may be happening because of bugs . i would say why do not you try testing your battery . you need to remove your battery and put it over the flat surface and then try spinning it , if the battery spins freely then the battery is swollen and needs replacement . i think you should first try checking your battery out .
this seems to be a known bug in the play store app from v4.8.20 . try uninstalling the updates to the play store app . this could be a temporary fix until the bug if fixed in a future version of the app .
after a while trying , i try to check the ' accept all certification in step 7 , and it works .
the version the op is running should not be a test build . 6.0 is their stable , but checking out their forums is not a bad idea . changing the launcher is a good troubleshooting step , but should not make a difference in this case since cm roms do not have sense running . so if a widget works with lp it should work with the default launcher of cm and vice versa . the op should follow gathrawn 's advice and make sure the official widgets from the marketplace are being used . since the op has a hero it is possible they might have a sense version of one of those apps installed and sense anything will not work on a cm rom .
i am not able to reproduce that . on my g1 , with actual cyanogen mod 6.0 i am able to add the facebook and also the twitter widgets ( both , big and small ) .
can you download another home launcher like launcherpro ( i highly recommend it ) and see if the widgets also do not work there ? it could be a problem with the launcher you are using ( adw or launcher2 ) . or you could re-flash cm6 with the other launcher than the one you chose . if these are the official twitter/facebook app widgets , then i doubt it is because of htc sense no longer being available . additionally it sounds like you are running a test build of cm6 , so it may be a bug . check out their forums to see if anyone else has your problem or to report the issue .
not exactly what you asked , but mapsaurus beta comes close to it . you can also use the corresponding website : mapsaurus : just enter the app you look for " alikes " , and it shows you related apps : click on one of them , and the tree continues . a separate frame ( not shown in my picture ) gives you the playstore link to the centered app . the screenshot was made from the website .
the authentication on some android phones occurs at a screen where you type in fastboot oem unlock and unlock the phone allowing you to change what your phone will boot into when you load . the authentication your referring to is not seen much anymore . one example would be in the earlier days i had a htc legend with a signed boot load , this meant that i had to get htc to sign a rom if i wanted to load it onto my phone . so to bypass this authentication we would load up the htc update tool on our pc 's stop on the screen just before the rom would be loaded onto the phone , go into the temp folder in windows and change the data to the data we wanted to load into our phones and let the htc software load our content rather then there own . these days the exploits to bypass authentication are rarely needed as most phones are not locked . edit got away from myself there and missed the main point in the title q : how android custom recovery roots the phone ? a : it does not
recovery is not actually booting into linux , its running before linux runs and modifying how linux runs . [ i note that " locked boot loaders " prevent you from changing the kernel , luckily you do not have one ! ] i am not sure on the specifics , but if you can get access to the linux kernel bootup parameters it is always possible to " get root access " - because the linux kernel is what defines and controls root access ! ! !
as davidgo explains , the recovery is like a separate , very simple operating system that your device boots into . when you boot into recovery mode , android itself is not running , so none of the os-level protections like users and file permissions make any difference . however , the recovery mode does have access to the main filesystem of your phone . it is normal for a recovery to mount that filesystem to apply updates , but when you are rooting your phone , the update you supply just writes a suitable su binary to the correct place with the necessary permissions ( i.e. . with the suid bit set ) . then , when you reboot into android , the su binary is there and available to use . if you want to think of it like a pc , it is like booting from a live cd , mounting the root filesystem of the pc , and editing /etc/sudoers or /etc/passwd to give yourself root access . of course you can do this from a live cd , because the ' real ' operating system on the pc is not running .
sure . . . you just have to choose between hacking the phone or hacking the pc . via hacking the pc : enable usb debugging on the phone . install the sdk and get adb working . set up an adb port forward to the phone . write an apk which listens on a local network port and upon connection opens the microphone and pushes samples through the forwarded ' network ' socket . the hard part : on the pc , write a " microphone driver " which gets its data by connecting to the program on the android through the adb port forward . you could also do the same thing substituting a wifi network for the adb-usb . via hacking the phone : compile a new usb kernel driver which presents the expected interface for a usb microphone , and have it gets its data from the microphone . if going to this much trouble , you might as well make it into a usb webcam . root and serious coding required .
wo virtual mic 1.39€ + you need to install a client
there are all sorts of apps that enable you to use your phone 's camera and mic on your pc over wi-fi or usb . here are some examples : droidcam ip webcam
the app microphone allows this . just do it by 3.5mm cord ; it is way easier .
senstic pocketaudio microphone , plus you need to install the pocketcontrol software on your pc ( or mac )
the answer is " no " - at least not without a dedicated app ( if such exists ) . btw , i can understand wanting to do this via bluetooth , but via usb ? why ?
i had the same issue . you will have to change your phone notification settings . go to " settings , " then " call " , then " phone settings " under " other call settings . " scroll all the way to the bottom of the call setting screen and select " phone notification preview " ( to show caller id for missed calls and voicemails on locked screen and status bar ) . most likely , you downloaded an app on your phone that adjusted your phone settings . i hope this helps .
this is probably because you do not have a good reception when the phone call happens . if you have a good reception but is still not getting the call , contact your operator ; standard voice mail is managed by your operator not the phone ( that is why you can still get a voice mail even when the phone is turned-off/out-of-service-area , but it will not show in missed calls , which is managed by the phone itself ) .
go to settings > developer options and change window animation and transition animation to 1x for the default or 0 for the speediest ui response
disabling the default action for an intent is easy enough to do on ics . from the launcher , press the menu button , and choose Manage apps . select the app that you chose as the default for the action . scroll down and touch Clear defaults .
if you can not find an appropriate setting on your device , you may have another app take care for that . there are some on the playstore addressing exactly your problem , e.g. : defaultapp reset 1 explicitly states this will work on android 1.5-2.3.3+ and 3.0-3.2+ and 4.0-4.0.3+ and 4.1+ , default app manager 2 does not explicitly state ( but is free , so you could check ) . to your second question : it is rather system-wide for the same action . for example , if you open an audio file from the file manager , and select the player for " always " -- this will also be used if you select an audio file from , say , the browser . a second screenshot 3 from the default app manager app may be helpful to understand this part :
on the kindle fire ( gingerbread ) , i go into settings > applications > third party applications and select dolphin browser , my usual default browser . there is a clear defaults button on dolphin 's page . that button un-defaults my browser and restores the question . i would expect you had have to do something similar - use system-settings for a given application - to undo it is default-ness .
do not know if you found an answer or not but here is what i did . it requires desktop visualizer . open chrome on your mobile device and search for " google now add reminder " . this will initiate a reminder card through through chrome . in chrome menu select " share . . . " then select " dvr save to clipboard " . then create the shortcut on your home screen using the desktop visualizer app . found an easier way . . . lol . . . bookmark it and add a shortcut to your home screen .
there is the activity Google Search &gt; com.google.android.voicesearch.fragments.reminders.EditReminderActivity which does exactly what you want .
i do not think it is possible to add a shortcut to the " add reminder " card at the moment . i have had a look through the activities as well and none of them appear to do what you want . there is a " set reminder " option in the menu within google now which may help ? click the three dots at the bottom right ( you might need to scroll down ) and you should see the " set reminder " option .
there are known issues with certain sd cards causing some read/write errors which prevent your phone from entering the deep sleep state . this causes your phone to drain battery fairly quickly as compared to a phone which goes into deep sleep when not in use . you should update your phone as certain kernels have also been known to fix battery drain issues . if it does not help , consider changing to another sd card from another manufacturer .
mostly likely the update over the air downloaded the wrong archive , which failed to automatically install . in addition to that i found on several forums that the phone had many broken stuff after such update . therefore i have decided to update it manually . i have downloaded the zip archive with latest official firmware , put it on my sdcard , rebooted the phone into recover console . it automatically found my zip archive and the phone was updated . everything works fine now . the complete instructions together with latest firmware can be found here ( russian language ) : http://www.youhtc.ru/forum/showthread.php?p=304305posted=1#post304305 i have translated them in short below : download the zip archive with ruu_saga_s_htc_europe_2.10.401.8_radio_20.4801.30 . 0822u_3822.10.08.04_m_release_225161_signed . exe from here rename the zip archive to pg88img . zip and put it in the root directory on sd card power off the phone press volume-down button and then power button . the recovery console will pop up . the phone will automatically find the zip file and check it . it will ask you to confirm the update . if you are ok with that , the phone will be updated .
i believe your downloaded update file is broken somehow . further notice : ! ! manual operations always have the risk to brick your phone . so be careful , and remember i take no responsibility . you can manually update with rom update utility ( ruu ) . ruu is a pc program that updates your phone through usb connection . you should backup all your information first . and you can find the released ruu list here http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1002506 as of know , latest seems to be ruu_saga_s_htc_europe_2.10.401.8
xda has nothing except for some attempts at getting gingerbread on it . i would expect you are out of luck since honeycomb was not open-source , and porting was therefore very difficult . it is possible that someone will mod cm9 ( android 4.0 ) to run on it , so i would wait and see .
there is a provision in whatsapp to change numbers . in the old phone ( assuming you still has it with functional whatsapp ) in whatsapp app goto Settings &gt; Account &gt; Change number and enter both the numbers ( old and new ) and confirm . it should be able to migrate the numbers . then you can register whatsapp with the new number in the new device . good luck . disclaimer : i have not tried it , i am providing solution only from one of my friend 's experience .
if you are concerned about the contacts and not the chat history then backup the contact in your old phone and import in your new phone . sign in whatsapp with your new number and it will read all the contacts in your new phone and your contact will be updated . only downside is you need to send a whatsapp message to all the contacts saying that you changed your number
try this : backup your whatsapp from old phone using helium backup . follow the instructions for backing up whatsapp ( or any other application for that matter ) . once the backup is complete , you will find a folder named " carbon " on your phone storage . install helium on the new phone and get this backed up folder on your new phone and place on the same location on the storage . start helium and backup whatsapp using the " restore and sync " tab available in the app . note that , unless rooted , you need to connect your phone to pc using usb cable to start the backup . follow the instructions given on play store page .
by " project " , do you mean " play video " ? because that might be a bit of a challenge , depending on your network and ( phone ) cpu . to just get screens/presentations , you could connect a laptop to your tv and a vnc server on your phone . if you do want to play media files , and you have a dlna client ( xbox 360 , ps3 , one of the million media boxes like roku ) connected , you can install a dlna server on your android ( search market - there are plenty ) and stream media . plenty of the latest tvs even have a dlna client built in .
uncheckinge the " use home time zone " option also fixed it for me , although i am at a loss to know why this is so , especially since i did not travel outside of home . now , if i could only figure out how to keep google calendar and contacts in synch with ms outlook , i would be a happy camper .
i just figured out the fix and i am no techie . after reading several of these posts i noticed someone said to uncheck a setting under calendars . i unchecked the box that said " use home time zone " after setting time to my zone . it worked even though i can not tell you why . i have only had my android for a week and have not traveled out of this time zone . i probably just checked the box not realizing what havoc it would cause !
i had a problem with a secondary calendar which sounds similar . on edit the time zone changed . i went into the calendar and made sure all of them were set to my time zone . each calendar has changeable time zone on google calendars .
i would suggest clearing the calendar data and re-syncing the events from your gmail account ( s ) . go into Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All then scroll down to calendar , tap on it , and tap on the " clear data " button . do the same for the " calendar storage " app . now go back twice ( exit to the main settings menu ) and go into the Accounts &amp; sync section . for each account you added , go in and toggle the " sync calendar " option off and then back on again . after the calendar data finishes synchronizing , try editing an existing event again and see if the issue persists . p.s. you might need to re-enable the visibility of one or more calendars in the calendar app by going to Menu -&gt; More -&gt; Calendars and ensuring the ones you want are set as " synced , visible " .
great answers are posted already . if your device is rooted , you can look for a custom rom such as cyanogenmod , aosp rom etc . these roms do not have google apps by default . you have to flash them separately . if available , you can install a custom rom compatible with your device , then install a micro gapps package ( also known as minimal google apps ) . the micro gapps package basically just include play store and core services without all the extras such as hangout , google+ , maps , etc . a good resource for custom rom is xda forums .
i am not 100% sure for all apps involved , but for most the " general rule of thumbs " applies : go to settings→apps select the " all " tab ( to also show pre-installed apps ) walk the apps one-by-one , open their entries , and select " clear cache " plus " delete data " especially exclude things like " google play services " , but include the " calendar provider " and " contacts provider " ( or similar named entries ) . it is a good idea to first make a backup ( just in case ) , and also to keep log of what you cleared . the former in case you hit one app too much , the latter in case you need to perform a factory-reset one day – as after that , sync would be automatically enabled by default , and you can only disable it after having finished the wizard and re-created your account – so all calendars , contacts , etc . would be back .
as always do a backup of your device before removing anything if you do not understand something that is stated please ask , before continuing 1 ) go into settings and turn off all syncs . goto settings/apps/ locate the google apps you do not want running . clear data and disable each , one at a time . [ leave playstore , play services , services framework , and accounts manager intact ; i am not sure about partner setup and one time init , try those and if not working properly re-enable ] or 2 ) assuming you are rooted : you can manually uninstall most of the google apps . if you know which ones to remove ! ! ! [ leave playstore , play services , services framework , and accounts manager intact ; i am not sure about partner setup and one time init ] . i use /system/app-mover [ https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.j4velin.systemappmoverhl=en ] to switch apps from system to user space , then delete from there . or 3 ) assuming you are rooted : the easiest way of slimming down on the google apps would be to flash a minimal gapps to your device , that have the core requirements necessary for your apps from playstore to function properly . you can add-on any of the other features after that as needed . like i stated at the top , make sure you make a backup/nandroid so any issues can be easily corrected . good luck
it is not possible to get it in english . you will always get the text as it is " locally " . it is also a known annoyance .
try installing morelocale 2 and setting the locale to one of the english speaking countries or yet better define a new locale with language en and locale jp .
after checking this on a samsung galaxy s 3 , a nexus 7 , and a nexus 10 , with several different keyboard apps , i could not see a similar issue , so i suspect this problem is specific to that model of phone . perhaps htc skimped on the touchscreen for this device , or did a poor job with the touchscreen integration . if that is it , there is probably nothing you can do but hope that a software update will fix the problem . alternatively , it could be a problem with that particular phone . try giving the touchscreen a wipe with a damp cloth . try to get access to another phone of the same model and check if it has the same problem : if it is only your phone , you should take it back to the shop and have them fix it .
you can install the diskusage app toy our phone to see what is consuming the most disk usage and if you can free it up . it is a free app , and is only 155kb in size . i would also recommend es file manager , but it is a few mb in size . but it allows you to view all the directories on your sd card . finally , get dropbox or google+ , they will backup your photos over wifi , so you can delete them from your phone to save space .
i was in trouble getting my 3g to work , and i did these steps , that solved my problem : go to the dialer and type *#*#4636#*#* tap " phone info " scroll down , you will see gsm selected ; open the list and select wcdma only ; turn the radio off and turn it on again ( there is a button for that on the screen ) press home button , not back button if you still can not get 3g , reboot your phone and that is it ; ) enjoy ! : )
the one best solution i have found after a long research is ' pansi sms ' . it gives 2 options basically : 1 . the default way of sms in ' conversation mode ' and 2 . the ' folders mode ' . in ' folders mode ' , which is the answer for your query , you have folders like : inbox - all the messages you receive . outbox - the messages which you have sent but still have not left your mobile . sent - the messages you have sent successfully . drafts - the messages you started to send but din't complete . add new folder - so , you can add your own customized folder like ' bills ' , ' payments ' , ' reference ' , ' actions ' etc . the very reason this works best ( atleast for me ! ) is that i clear my inbox ' then and there ' , and i do not want my ' sent ' messages visible until unless i wanted it to . . . which is not the case in ' conversation mode ' . hope that clears !
i think stock messaging app does not support this . however , you can try a 3rd-party app like sms folders . creating multiple folders for different types of messages
a permanently unlocked boot loader ( bl ) on a nexus device is a big security risk . it is only recommended for a pure developer phone . an insecure bl enables all sorts of fastboot commands that can be used for e.g. doing the following : conduct a cold boot attack to recover the key for android 's full disk encryption make a copy of the device e.g. by booting a custom image ( adb boot boot . img ) , then copying partition dumps erase data using fastboot erase flash arbitrary android firmware , recovery images or radio firmware fastboot flash radio|recovery|boot| . . . install a root kit ( boot custom recovery , then modify system files ) steal google/facebook/whatever accounts stored on the phone etc . in case someone has their device encrypted , full access is not immediately possible . however there exists cracking software to brute force the used encryption pin/passphrase . altering the firmware is always possible ( i.e. . an evil maid attack , aka . installing a rootkit/password logger/etc . ) this is the normal process of modding a nexus device : unlock the bootloader ( fastboot oem unlock ) boot/install insecure/open custom recovery install custom firmware to secure your modded device you should do this afterwards : install a safe recovery image again ( custom recoveries like twrp/cwm are unsafe ) use the extracted recovery . img from google 's factory firmware file , available here relock the bootloader ( fastboot oem lock ) this breaks the usual update mechanisms like rommanager . in case you need to upgrade , you can run flash_image recovery recovery . img ( as root on the regular android os , it bypasses the bl lock ) to install a temporary custom recovery again and use this once to upgrade the firmware and then remove the custom recovery again by doing a flash_image recovery stock . img . i know , this is not very user friendly right now , but let 's hope the situation improves at the custom recovery front . some background on what is possible : http://hak5.org/episodes/hak5-1205 and http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=um2_cpuzq0o
unfortunately , this is not something that can be done natively ( as far as my research has turned up ) . the next best thing i found were car dock apps , like car home ultra , which force everything to rotate into landscape and/or display a driver-friendly ui . i am not sure if it will work for all versions of android and what other limitations there are but it is worth a try , i guess . if all else fails , try rotation control .
this may be solved by clearing the cache and data of the dialler app . to do this , go to Settings › Apps › swipe to All › select the dialler application from the list › clear Cache and Data .
the following answer is supplemental . i recommend using the phone settings menu to disable sns . if it is already running the phone will handle that automatically by force-closing it . go to Settings &gt; More &gt; Application manager &gt; All . if you ever want to enable sns again , you can do so by going to Settings &gt; More &gt; Application manager &gt; Turned Off . you will find it listed here . tap on it and then tap the turn on button to enable . following screenshots are taken from a samsung galaxy s4 plus ( gt-i9506 ) . i hope these can serve as a reference for future visitors . one of the apps that are clearly affected by disabling sns is the gallery app . the sns app has the following special permissions . com . sec . android . app . gallery3d . read_sns com . sec . android . app . gallery3d . write_sns if i am right ( which i may not be , but which i certainly should be ! ; ) and i am mostly right anyway ! ) this menas that you will not be able to share things like photos and videos directly through the gallery or the camer/gallery app ( camera switches to gallery when previewing photos ) . you will have to start the facebook app and then pick your photos and videos for upload . as can be seen from the screenshots above , the icon of sns does not look like a facebook icon . it is a plain simple android robot icon with a package on his belly . it may indicate he is pregnant ! hihi = ) a baby droid is on the way !
using titanium backup , freeze the SNS x.x.x app with a facebook icon . you can also disable this through the phone 's Settings &gt; More &gt; Application manager . sources : xda androidcentral
you could open drive-app , select the file you want to send , long-press on it and choose " send " . there you can choose gmail and it automatically creates a new mail with the file attached .
in the end , it turned out it was working for the original usb cable , while the generic usb cable did not allow data connection , only charging . for the original cable , the problem disappeared on its own , and i do not know what caused it , or what caused it to disappear .
in short , the ota upgrade clobbered your root settings , am afraid to say you will have to run either superoneclick or zergrush to get root again . [ technical ] the ota reverted the original default.prop when on froyo from this ro.secure=0  to this after the upgrade ro.secure=1  thus you may still have the su binary etc , but it is the above line that is preventing you from trying to switch user to id of 0 ( that is what su stands for ! - s witch u ser )
that very much depends on the update . the manufacturer/vendor might have made only " bug fixes " with this update -- but he might as well have decided to replace the entire system . in neither case you end up with an " empty shell " ( i wish that would be the case ! ) , as manufacturers/vendors are rather known to add stuff nobody really wants ( see : bloatware ) rather than to remove apps that ship with android by default -- but it might very well be that some apps got replaced or will simply be removed . what surely will be gone , according to the description you gave , are all your data and the apps you have installed yourself , as obviously the update implies a factory-reset . if your device is already running android 4.0 or higher , you might wish to take a look at full backup of non-rooted devices for how to make a good backup . at least apps+data should be restorable to a newer version of android then ; for other things ( sms , call logs , etc . ) you might rather prefer some dedicated tool -- or rely on your google-cloud-synced data and pray they will restore automatically ( if they start to , do not interrupt them : you cannot re-start the restore , which is one thing making it so unreliable ) . see also the backup tag and especially its tag-wiki for details on available backup methods plus hints for recommended readings on this topic .
you can leave this group only , you can not delete it for everyone . go to the group -> group info . on the very bottom of the user list , you can see the button delete and exit group you will exit this group and the group will be deleted on your phone . you will not recieve new messages ( as you are no longer in the group ) and the messages you already have will be removed .
from http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1227352 : i successfully merged sms threads by creating a backup using sms backup and restore . just open the created . xml file in e.g. notepad++ , then replace your contact 's old number in the " address " field with the new one . now load the altered backup file back onto your phone , delete your messages from within the app , and restore your newly created backup file . although it worked fine for me on the first try , i recommend keeping your initial backup file , and save your editing to a copy - just in case . using this method , i also fixed some splitted threads , where one contact with one number got split up in several threads , because of an incorrect number restore from backups when switching phones . hope this helps . : ) here 's sms backup and restore
as far as i know this is not possible in the current messages app for any of the android releases . maybe you can consider third party sms apps which handle multi-messages different .
i successfully merged sms threads by creating a backup using sms backup and restore . just open the created . xml file in e.g. notepad++ , then replace your contact 's number in the " address " field according to the number you want to merge with . now load the altered backup file back onto your phone , delete your messages from within the app , and restore your newly created backup file . although it worked fine for me on the first try , i recommend keeping your initial backup file , and save your editing to a copy - just in case . using this method , i also fixed some splitted threads , where one contact with one number got split up in several threads , because of an incorrect number restore from backups when switching phones . hope this helps . : )
try to call the phone with a landline . if the problem persists try a factory reset , if that do not fix the problem i am afraid you have a hardware issue .
if you are ok with restoring your phone to factory settings , then i would try that . note that you will lose all internal data on the phone . your apps , contacts , mail , calendar , etc . will sync back from the cloud . everything on your sd card will be fine . but any application data and settings stored on the internal memory will be lost . see here for more information on how to reset your sanyo zio
do a factory reset ( here are instructions ) . grab the update from here ( dead link ) and re-flash it . you may need to put it in the /sdcard folder and name it update . zip , or use fastboot through adb ( you need to install the android sdk on your pc ) .
i will consider not possible to tell phoenixsuit resize android partitions . so i will give up .
you must say yes when phoenixsuite ask if you want to format the flash , else it do not change the partition size , even if you changed the sys_partition . fex .
afaik the temperature sensor that measures the battery is built-in ( in the battery ) . in your case either the battery is defective , because it get 's to hot immediately when charging or the sensor is defective . either way , i think you have to replace the battery with a new one . before you replace the battery you should rule out a software error by doing a factory reset to see if the problem persists .
i know this is an old post but , i just had this problem and found a good solution so thought i would post the answer here in case someone else is looking for the same help . power down the phone . take the battery out for 20+ seconds . plug in the charger . put the battery back in . turn the phone back on .
i left my phone in the car on a cold night , and it said it could not charge because the temperature was too high or too low . all i did was let it warm up in my house for 15 minutes . then , i plugged it in , and everything was fine .
if you have an ( w ) lan network connected to an adsl modem at your home , a mobile access point is like that adsl modem ; a mobile access point ( ap ) translates between the protocol of the mobile network to the protocol of the wider internet . imagine the mobile network as a lan , and access points are the nodes in the lan that have direct access to the internet , all communication between the inner network and the outer network must go through an access point . access points can have rules about what data can pass through it , how it works is similar to how a firewall works . at a minimum , the firewall will have rules on which ports that applications can connect to . by default , http uses port 80 and https uses port 443 , but any protocol can use any port number as long as both the client and the server agrees on which one to use . a more aggressive firewall will also inspect the destination of a data packet , and an even more aggressive one could inspect the actual content of the packets , as long as they are not encrypted . the job of a proxy is to tunnel a data transmission through a remote server ; so if you configured your phone to use proxy 123.123.123.123 at port 80 or 443 , the firewall will have no way of distinguishing between this and normal http/https connection , especially with https proxy as the data is encrypted from the client to the proxy . the remote proxy server , which is ideally located in an unrestricted network , will then relay the data to their true destination . the network operator can block a proxy by blacklisting their ip address and configuring their firewall to block any access to the ip address of a known proxy , but since there are 4 billion ipv4 addresses and the ip addresses used by some proxies change all the time , it is difficult if not impossible task to blacklist every proxy in existence . anyone can also create their own proxy server using their own home connection or purchase a server that they use for proxying , this makes it impossible to filter all proxies . most networks that blocks only for browser connections does that to limit usage of bandwidth sucking applications , like torrents ; so , as long as your proxy usage does not burden the network too much and you are not using it to access illegal materials , they usually would not hunt you down for it .
i would gues that access point is sending you pac - proxy auto configuration . if you ignore this you can browse freely .
on most devices shipping with ics and up , you can simply open the notification area , and tap the corresponding quick-setting : quick settings in the notification bar ( click image for larger variant ) make your pick . hint : a2 : ) ps : not sure how far this is customizable on which android version . even items available might depend on the device used . so i am not sure your device has a 2g/3g toggle in here , but you might check .
you can add widgets to your home screen if your phone supports . you can also try widgets from play store like 2g-3g switch data on or off
you need to unlock the bootloader to flash a custom recovery . search over at xda to see how and to choose the best custom recovery for your device . some popular ones are twrp and cwm .
no , it does not require root . although we talk about rooting the device , all you are actually doing is getting root access within the android os . flashing a new rom or recovery happens before android is running - it is a lower-level part of the firmware - so you can do it regardless of how android is set up or what permissions you have within android .
i have an " all calls " option on my galaxy s vibrant running 2.2 ( the nero v5 rom specifically ) . i am not sure if it was there on stock .
is not all logs equivalent to all calls ? edit : oh no i see now , it also shows the messages ( i do not have many messages on my phone , so for me this seemed to be the solution ) . sorry , i have not found an answer here .
there is an " all calls " option in " call history " on my phone . ( running 2.2 but on a htc with their ui , which may be different , as pointed out below . ) when i hit " view " , the option buttons are : all calls incoming calls outgoing calls missed calls is this what you are after , or have i mis-interpreted your question ?
i do this sort of thing all the time . in fact i wrote an app to help me out with this . i uninstall and re-install applications for testing a development all the time . i need to easily be able to make copies and move " . apk " files all the time . please take a look at the free app : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=burrows.apps.appmanager . simple install the app , " backup " your application of choice and then share/send the application ( . apk ) to another phone . regards ,
did you register the devices with amazon ? you can install amazon store purchases on multiple devices , but they must be authorized . when you are in the app store , looking at an app , there should be a list of your devices , under the purchase button , with a notation on which devices the app will work with .
you could try to extract the app 's .apk file using a helper app like appmonster , which would store it on your sdcard . following this step , copy the .apk to the other device , and " side-load " it there ( i.e. . try to " start " the .apk on the second device , which would install the app ) . you might need to enable " unknown sources " for app installation in your settings for this to work .
if you type/paste the url with the time behind #t= into your browser on android ( i use chrome , but others would presumably work the same way ) you should get a popup asking you if you want to open the link in youtube . this will open the video in the youtube app and jump straight to the time defined . matt cutts explains how to do this with the youtube url on his blog . try copy/pasting http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjDw3azfZWI#t=31m08s into your browser as an example .
youtube now has updated their player and to jump to small area , there is now a popup slider for us to pick the point .
well , you can not do that in the youtube app . i tried some third party apps as well and nothing came up . in addition , the youtube app 's website also tells you to . . . slide the scrubber below the video to jump to a different part of the video . . . so i guess the only option for you is to use your browser to view videos . hope this helps .
settings storage , technically speaking , is actually an internal app that manages the content provider framework for settings itself . it also registers itself upon android boot-up . the settings storage backing data store handler , really , uses an sqlite database , which is in the public domain and free to use . this database is required to hold the settings for updating and retrieval via the setting 's internal content provider , which is integrated through-out the rom in itself , so everything that is seen through menu > settings , " talk " to the content provider " and that in itself , handles the backing store . also , that settings own content provider is actually global through-out the rom , irrespective of android version , so that the system apps and user apps can use that to check on it by querying it and act accordingly . hence the " seeing of two settings apps " . . . .
wow has to be set every time you go in suspend mode . after it wakes up the first time your wow configuration will not be set unless you set it again .
you can make or buy a usb jig for samsung galaxy s2 i9100 . it’s a really simple circuit that involves putting 300k ohms of resistors between pin 4 and 5 of the microusb connector . with a usb jig you can reset the custom binary counter to zero and also remove the yellow triangle on start up if you have rooted your device . turn off your phone completely and remove the battery for 10-15 seconds put the battery back but do not switch on the device plug the usb jig into micro usb port of your phone wait for around 2-3 seconds you phone screen will show " erasing download information succeeded " in odin mode and custom binary download : no now you can remove the battery and restart the phone . you will also notice that the yellow triangle which comes at start-up is gone now .
a little information for people that may not be aware . the counter in the sgs2 is there for samsung to tell if you have flashed custom kernel / rom on your sgs2 . samsung ships these devices with unlocked bootloaders , but being a company and need to protect themselves , if your counter is not 0 and you try to return your device under warranty , they will not honor the warranty . even if you can not flash without increasing the counter , there are ways that the counter can be reset . with that said , there is no guarantee that you will be able to reset the counter . samsung may identify the way that people are using to reset it , and they may " change " it .
given android phones just run as usb drive mode for syncing : just for music : doubletwist media monkey all media : winamp * will also sync outlook contacts , files etc . missing sync for android * *syncs over wi-fi
unless the lock screen is some kind of 3rd party app ( like go locker ) , then i believe you would have to modify the rom yourself , and port the lock screen over manually , into your ' new ' rom . - in which case you might be better off asking for advice over at xda , or another developer forum . if it is some kind of 3rd party app , chances are you can download and install it from the play store , or download the apk online from the developer 's website . edit : rereading your question it is occured to me you might actually be asking how to port over the lock screen ( ie : which files to modify in the rom ) - in which case , you should probably go to xda ( see above link ) and ask for advice .
got same problem . here 's a fix . go to the advanced settings by typing " about:config " in the url string , filter settings by " font " substring and change the values of font names corresponding to your codepage from " sans . . . " ( not mono ) to " roboto " . restart firefox
lots of apps use this connection to do their work . as well as google 's own apps such as gmail and hangouts , third-party apps that use any of the following features via the google play services library need such a connection to work fully : license verification or in-app purchases push notifications using google cloud messaging signing in with your google account or syncing or backing up your data to google 's servers most google play games services features ( e . g . online multiplayer and leaderboards ) even so , the indicator is not really meant as an indicator about google 's servers . since google 's servers are always there , android checks if it can reach them as a way of knowing whether it can reach the internet in general . that way , it is easier for you to know what is wrong if you are on a captive wi-fi network ; that is , the kind that redirects you to a login or terms and conditions page .
how the webpage is displayed depends on your choice of brower and your settings . chrome on my devices by default displays webpages by width in desktop mode , so i see the same content horizontally on my phone and nexus 7 . but i would say the web browsing experience on nexus 7 is much better than on a phone due to the large screen , you can definitely see more on the nexus 7 ( vertically ) . source : i have an original note ( larger screen than nexus 4 ) and nexus 7 .
for now , the only solution i have come up with is to use the really old 2.3.6 version of the market app . this is the only one that does not auto-update itself . in order to install it , you have to uninstall the play store , install it , and convert it to a system app . if you wish , you can use titanium backup to backup the old version for later use .
you can try to found out the play store update ip address and have it blocked using the iptables tool ( using busybox )
here is how you do it : open play store tap the top left corner to open the menu select " settings " under " general " there is an " auto-update " with 3 options
to remove any icon from the home screen , be it a widget or an app shortcut:- tap and hold to pick it up a bin/trashcan icon will appear drag the icon onto the bin drop it
i solved ! i flashed a hacked chinese sbf . this sbf let me use z4root . apk to get root access . sorry about do not put the file name , that is because it does not have a meaningful name , it is just firmware . zip , i found it in xda-developers forum . be careful using the files above , you can easily brick you cell phone . the chinese hacked firmware is this : firmware part 1 and firmware part 2 . the application who enables rooting is this z4root . apk . *sorry , i do not know how much time the links will be available .
i tried all those ways ( superoneclick , unlockroot ) you have a simple way you did not try download framaroot . apk move it to your defy+ install it open the app shoose ( install superuser ) press ( gimli ) and reboot your defy+ it will works 100% it is very effective
try changing the channel that the wireless is hosted on . i have had this recently with two different devices ( one android ) where my wireless did not appear in list of available ssid 's . in both cases it was in the 5 ghz spectrum and moving my n to a different channel fixed the problem . apparently certain driver do not implement the full spectrum properly .
i think you should contact your home wifi broadband for assistance . if you already did this , i think the problem is in your own tablet
there is an article that discusses the semi-technical reasons/issues that have lead to the differences in smoothness of android and iphone devices . but after gathering some key points from the article one can conclude : from the very start , ios had been built around a multi-touch screen ( meaning ios had been built from the gound up to be very responsive as opposed to most other oss that adopted full screen multi-touch displays ) yes , it is not always hardware ( processing power ) dependent it is merely a result of ios operating system giving more priority to ui rendering , etc where as android distributes the processing power equaly ( this may be an advantage or drawback as with a faster ui everything from download speeds to loading content will slow down ) ui rendering occurs on the main thread of an app ui rendering has normal priority android is very popularly known to be highly customization and it is simply a matter of tweaking kernel parameters like ' lowmemkiller ' that can make ui : amazingly smooth -- easily as smooth as the iphone or wp7 phones it is not that android lacks the potential , but simply that developers prefer to spend resources elsewhere ( like on the bigger screens of some devices ) . then why does not android spend more resources on ui ? well , android is widely distributed among a wide variety of devices , and that is exactly why when it comes to android , only individual owners can overcome these ( there is no optimum setting android developers can set . . . every device that runs android has its own set of ' optimum settings ' and every user has his own perspective on what they should be ' optimum settings' ) . so the solution , balance the power . . . and no it is not something that has been ' overcome ' on newer android devices . but it depends on what you mean by overcome , as the lowmemkiller of rooted android devices can easily be tweaked ( but it comes as a cost to battery , etc . . . ) for more technicality , see dianne hackborn and andrew munn
you will not be able to tell this information : the target phone could be switched off or unplugged for example .
i reconfigured the router to resolve the problem . the settings that work include : g rather than the other options being b and g/n . this looks like the setting for the suffix on 802.11 . wpa-personal aes of course other settings may also work and might be more secure but i did not try them .
there seems to be a range of apps that may do what you are trying to accomplish . here are a couple that look like they have potential . root call blocker pro call guard call blocker gold outgoing call blocker
http://www.addictivetips.com/mobile/how-to-replace-and-customize-android-lock-screen-guide/ - http://www.vikitech.com/6075/best-android-lock-screen-apps essentially , if there is not an option in your security settings , you will need to replace your lock screen .
do like this : perform a factory reset from recovery-mode wipe the Dalvik cache as well reboot the device if this does not work then format the sd in the computer with FAT 32 and create partition Ext 2 in the recovery . this should work . . .
if you mean that thingy in the notification bar that upon touching let 's you chose your desired mode -- that is still there with launcher pro as it has nothing to do with sense and launcher pro has nothing to do with your notification area ( unless of course you decide to disable it )
you can use chrome to phone and copy the character from the a web page and send it to the clipboard on the phone . then you just paste .
try activating the numeric keys ( i believe this is done by tapping on the "12#" key to the right of the spacebar ) , then hit the shift ( or &uarr ; ) and that should bring up some alt . symbol keys .
hopefully it is the same as on the evo : how to type a pipe "|" on an htc evo android 2.2 edit : looks like they may have used the wrong ascii / utf-8 code for the pipe , so it looks the same/similar but is not actually the right character . ( reference : verizon forums ) i suggest replacing the keyboard then . xda has a 2.3 keyboard that should work , it requires root and rom manager to flash it .
no worky . htc is not calling the correct ascii code for the " pipe " symbol . it seems there are two of them in existence . one is a straight vertical bar ( | ) ( supposed to be ascii #124 in base-10 and 7c in hex ) and one has a small gap in the center , it is also called the broken line or the broken bar and was used in the old ibm ebcdic character set . the confusion is that i have seen unix keyboards with the broken line representing the pipe symbol . however , the broken bar is not part of the ascii set and i have no clue what htc used for its ascii representation . on second thought they must be using an iso/iec 8859-1 representation : the vertical bar is 7c ( hex ) and the broken bar is a6 ( hex ) . there you have it . all i can say is that my invisible wireless network has | in it and as long as i hide it , i can not link to it with my incredible . making it visible and joining and then making it invisible again does not work as a trick . annoying !
another good choice : you could e.g. install ( and use ) hacker 's keyboard , which has special connectbot support even for function keys etc . : this keyboard is especially useful if you use connectbot for ssh access . it provides working tab/ctrl/esc keys , and the arrow keys are essential for devices such as the xoom tablet or nexus s that do not have a trackball or d-pad . see e.g. the following screenshot , and have a closer look at the "\" key : another screenshot is quite self-explaining : so no need to freak around with copy/pasting from web pages , entering cryptic codes , or the like . simply use the right keyboard , relax , and enjoy : )
the wikipedia page at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vertical_bar has a nice , big pipe symbol right near the top , easy for copy and paste . bookmark that page .
as far as i know , it breaks down into this : other : this is ram that is unavailable right now because it is in use by services that are actually running ( it might be ones that can not be killed , in fact ) . using your example , there is 78 mb of ram in use by 4 processes , hence "78 in 4" . avail : the first number here is the amount of ram that is completely free and not allocated to any process ( the 109 mb in your example ) . the second number is allocated but the process is in a state where it can be deallocated . thus , "58 mb in 8" means there are 8 processes that are currently holding 58 mb of memory , but they are paused/frozen in the background and that 58 mb can be reclaimed by the os if an active process needs it . edit : as jake pointed out in the comment below , you can find a description in this entry on the android developers blog ( scroll all the way to the bottom ) .
that was not working for me neither , but when i tried the superoneclick it worked perfectly and very stable , but you will need to use a pc to do it .
if you have got a galaxy s without a three-button-recovery mode , have you looked into making or buying a download mode jig ? see this post for instructions on making one , or there are a few ebay sellers that stock them pretty cheaply .
the issue you are referring too is well reported on google support forums , as it seems to be affecting many users and/or devices . all points to an update ( s ) that raised the issue with certain devices . you can go around this problem until it gets resolved : step by step : access your device settings ; touch on " applications" ; scroll down until you find the " google play music " app ; touch to open it ; touch " clear data" ; if any updates have been installed , on the upper right corner of your screen you should have a " uninstall updates " button , touch it to revert to the previous version ; it may ask your confirmation about going back to the previous/factory version , in that case , confirm the action . prevent recurrence : to prevent this issue from raising anytime soon , you should also disable " auto updates " at least until a new update is launch and the reviews are positive : open the " play store " app ; touch your device " menu " button ; select " settings" ; locate and touch " auto-update apps" ; touch " do not auto-update apps " . quoted answer from google support forum : go into phone settings and select &lt ; applications> scroll down and select . . hit and then upper right corner select it will ask if you wish to go back to old factory version . . . select ok . should fix problem . any app you wish to update manually uncheck allow automatic updating . read the reviews first to see if updates and new versions do not have bugs . good luck
this might be a new feature of newer versions of android ( i am using 4.4 ) , but i can easily mass install apps from the Play Store . how to mass-install apps with the play store : open the play store go to my apps go to all keep your finger pressed on an app that has not been installed yet for a second or so . now the play store goes into selection mode , you can simply select all the apps you want and press the " install " button at the top when you re done .
assuming you have previously installed appbrain and synced your device , you can do the following : from google play market download and install appbrain and fast web installer apps . open the fast web installer and sign in with your google account ( same one you are using on play store ) . open the appbrain app , and sign in with your appbrain account . go to preferences , and then use the " enable fast web install " option . under menu go to " more lists . . . " option , select the previously synced list , tap the " add all apps " button , and tap the back button . tap the " execute " button , and after reviewing the permissions tap the " install " button . this should download and install apps in batch , without having to confirm each one separately . you can also create lists of apps via appbrain 's site , and these lists should show up in the app .
i do not know of a way to do this . i recently bought a new phone , and to save myself the tedium of manually installing 40 odd apps , i went to the google play store using a desktop browser . it will already have a list of apps you have installed under my apps , so you can quickly spin through the list and install them - you do not need to wait for each app to install .
you can install titanium backup in your old device and backup all " user installed " apps + data to sd card . in your device , put this sd card and install titanium backup again and restore " user installed " apps + data . though i have not tried this across devices , i had tried this with same device using different rom . i had backed up from a stable rom and whenever i install a new rom i would use the above method to install all my apps with its data . i had already asked this question and it has been answered referring titanium backup .
i do not know of a better solution for now , but i could do it by adding telnetd in the end of the .bashrc file . it is run many times , but the command fails if the address is already in use anyway . this is a quick hack , but it would be nice to have an initialization script run when the app starts .
app updates notification can come from the app themselves , but most commonly they come from the play store . play store will notify you for any updates to system apps ( i.e. . apps that originally comes with the phone ) and apps that are installed through the play store ; it will not notify you about updates to side-loaded apps our apps installed by third party market . third party market may also have their own update notification mechanism ; which is completely unrelated to the play store update mechanism . they may or may not provide update to system apps , although most do not . amazon app market for example also provide updates notification . note that update notification on third party market depends on the app developer updating the app on the third party market , some developers might update their app on play but not on third party market or vice versa for various reasons .
I noticed on another android phone there were "updates" such as new Youtube, Gmail, etc. I never received a notification for these on my device.  go to play store app in your device and hit the menu button and go to my apps you can see the installed apps list here . select any app and you can see the check box Allow Automatic updating below the application screen shots . check this and you will be notify every time when the updates are available and it will automatically update if you are connected with any network ( edge/wi-fi/3g ) . Are these delivered via Google Market.  ofcourse , they are delivered via google market . or is there another app I can use to update these other than Google Market?  no , there are no other apps that you can use to update these apps . if there will be any app that offers updates they will ultimately redirected to the google market .
first , there is something off about the model number you mention . gt-i9505g is the model of the galaxy s4 google play edition that you purchase directly from the google play store . it works well with all us gsm carriers ' hspa+ and lte frequencies , but i am not sure about its compatibility with canadian carriers . in canada there seem to be two variants of the galaxy s4: sgh-m919v which is sold on wind mobile , eastlink and videotron , and sgh-i337/sgh-i337m which is sold on canadian bell , rogers and telus . your trouble may be because you flashed incorrect version of clockworkmod recovery and cyanogenmod rom , which are incompatible with your phone 's model . seeing how you are on rogers , you should be using recoveries and roms made for the sgh-i337/m variant . the device code for this model is " jfltecan " . the corresponding cwm recovery can be downloaded here , while cyanogenmod rom can be downloaded here * . * according to cyanogenmod 's latest post on g+ , september 6th and 7th nightly builds have issues with being unable to boot on most devices . use sept 5th build to be safe .
found this on google after having the same problem , turns out the screen was just off but the phone was still booting , so try leaving the phone for a few minutes after the samsung gt9505g logo goes off .
the nightly builds of cyanogenmod are for testing only . they are not suitable for a phone that you actually want to use . the nightly build can be completely different from one night to the next , and might not even have passed any tests . not booting at all is a very likely outcome ; the next day , it might boot fine , but corrupt your filesystem as soon as you try to use it . if you want to install cyanogenmod on your phone and actually be able to use the phone , you should download and install the stable build . if you want something that is newer and not quite so well tested , but still likely to mostly work , you can try a release candidate version instead . there are no guarantees whatsoever for the nightly build . looking at the cyanogenmod website , it appears there is not a stable release for your device yet . perhaps this is why you tried the nightly build . if there has never been a stable release for your device , it is even more likely that the nightly build is in an incomplete , not-working state , and will continue to be until the volunteers can test it on real devices and fix all the problems . that said , there does seem to be a release candidate for 10.1.3 , so that is probably the best choice . the bad sd card error you got might be a symptom of the nightly build having corrupted your sd card . before trying to flash a new rom , you should try to put the sd card in a pc and scan the filesystem for errors ( e . g . using fsck , or another method depending on the os your pc uses ) , or use a fresh sd card . after that , try again to flash a stock rom or a stable release of cyanogenmod . supporting 10.2 on your device would take a lot of volunteer time , and devices to test on . if you want to help get a stable release for your device sooner , you could offer to help the developers with your time or money to support the development . details are towards the bottom of this page .
ok , here 's a start at a list ( does not have to be definitive ) : the gotab gbt740r 7" android 4 ice cream sandwich tablet , costing just 100 pounds or less in uk ! this device has a full size usb female socket to support usb otg / usb host . a friend owns one , his usb memory sticks work in this - we can browse to the usb stick contents using astro file manager app on the tablet . @philip sheard 's ( yet unknown ) " cheapo tablet just £70" - see his answer ( care to enlighten us at to the make and model , philip ? may be it is the same as the one i mention ? or not ? ) update : acer iconia tab a200 ( includes full-size usb a connector , takes flash keys no problem ) . thanks @michael kohne for your answer . i will try to update as i find more . . . ( feel free to contribute )
acer iconia tab a200 ( includes full-size usb a connector , takes flash keys no problem )
i bought a cheapo 7" tablet for just £70 , and that has usb host . it is also 2.0 , so it is very fast . as a developer i am very excited about the future of usb host , and i plan to support it in my own app .
i ended up doing this : transform the data from . csv to . osm download and run osmandmapcreator in osmandmapcreator , let only " build poi index " checked , then click file > build . obf from osm file . . . select the . osm file distribute the resulting . obf file . users can easily use it with osmand .
just a guess , but worth trying : i did the same with locus maps . i created a kml , which imported fine , and could be used as layer there ( locus even supports kmz containing images and more , so you could use that for a " self-made travel guide" ) . the article using kml files on the same site suggests at least the kml part should work with osmand as well , so i considered placing this as answer ( instead of making it a comment ) . this article even explicitly mentions pois – which probably is the reason your linked article contained that few details : you may use any format containing your pois , if you are able to convert it to osm format . and all points inside the kml file are converted into osm points , assigning them some properties like tourism category and museum type . note the categories mentioned here match those on your linked article .
i had the same problem , but i saw the exact moment it happened , a message appeared saying " switching to full screen mode " . then i could not switch it off . i deleted all data in chrome , and the problem was fixed . there was no need to uninstall the app , just cleaned the data using the android built-in application manager . it seems some website included code that caused this , and the chrome for android simply does not have the settings to revert this . hope this helps .
the short answer is no . if you feel that this should be a feature then please file a bug on crbug.com/new and let me know . it should have no effect on scrolling as it keeps all the settings and state exactly the same , if you are seeing problems with scrolling such as events not firing then that is due to the way the compositor works . the reason why not is that this is a feature on all mobile platforms and we have parity with their way of providing the user with more vertical real estate .
i found that if you go to chrome://flags and click " reset all to default " that it will return your status bar . i was not able to find any other ways to do that .
exactly the same thing just happened to me . restarting the phone put it back to normal .
i solved this by reinstalling the store update ( i.e. . switching it back to the basic market app and let it update again )
i noticed that you said you tried clearing the cache and data for the google play store app , and the target app 's cache . can you try to uninstall the application and install it from scratch ? that might help .
you say you have set it up as you being the main owner , maybe that is what is confusing it , can you buy top-up cards , so that your daughter can pay in her name instead , and try doing a restore back to factory settings , and then downloading the games . lori
there are several approaches possible . some devices already ship with some kind of power management , which just needs to be enabled ( check in settings ) . apart from that , specific power management apps are available in the playstore . e.g. battery life saver can be configured to take actions on " battery low " , like switching off wifi , bt , and others ( not sure if a power-off is included here as well ) . big battery promises to allow a shutdown at battery-low in its donate version . and then there is always tasker to do things like shutting down the device at 20% , or shutting off wifi etc . at 30% , and so on . as a free alternative , automateit can do the same . but i am afraid in both cases , this will require a rooted device .
tasker can do that ( and a lot more things ) , as long as the app in question supports it ( a list of apps with tasker support can e.g. be found here − never mind the german , if you are just after the list ) . as you have described , it supports " shake gestures " , and if your device has a camera button , you could utilize that as well . " flip gestures " might also come in handy ( flip the device to face down , then face up , etc . ) i know it is a paid app . but to try it out , visit the app 's project site and get a 7-day trial ( remember to export all your configuration and profiles before " day 7" , then you can simply uninstall , re-install , and re-import your settings for another 7 days period − this hint comes from the dev himself , so it is nothing bad ; ) the app needs some time to get warm with it . but once you did , you do not want to miss it anymore : )
i installed the disk info app and in the options , i enabled expert mode and unmounted partitions . it does not say " swap " , but it shows clearly that it is the only other partition on the sd card and it is the right size , so /dev/block/mmcblk1p2 must be the one : swapper 2 is configured to use /dev/block/mmcblk0p3 by default , so i am glad i did not go with the default .
fdisk -l works if you pass the whole disk device name explicitly ( e . g . , fdisk -l /dev/block/mmcblk1 ) ; what does not work is automatic discovery of block devices ( apparently because android places block device files under the /dev/block directory , but fdisk expects to see those files directly in /dev ) . therefore one option is to collect the list of whole disk devices ( /dev/block/mmcblk0 , /dev/block/mmcblk1 ,  … ) and look at their partition tables using <code> fdisk -l &lt ; device&gt ; </code> . these whole disk devices are listed in /proc/partitions before the corresponding partitions . the blkid utility does not look at the partition table at all — it opens all block devices known by the system and detects the filesystem type from the actual data on those devices ; therefore blkid will not show correct information for the swap partition until that partition is initialized by mkswap . this means that blkid is useless for your current task ( finding which partition should be passed to mkswap ) . mount usually shows devices under /dev/block/vold , which are named according to their major and minor numbers . to get the usual device name , you can look in /proc/partitions to find a row containing the same numbers in the first two columns . then you can remove the <code> p &lt ; number&gt ; </code> part from the end of the device name , add /dev/block/ at the start and pass the resulting name to fdisk -l to see the partition table of the corresponding device . beware that if you look at the fdisk -l output for the internal emmc flash , you may find lots of partitions with strange types , especially on qualcomm-based devices . e.g. , see the partition table for samsung galaxy w ( gt-i8150 ) : partition type codes there are even dangerously wrong , because /dev/block/mmcblk0p1 , which is declared Win95 FAT32 (LBA) , actually contains some system data ( including locations and md5 hashes of various rom parts ) ; however , /dev/block/mmcblk0p28 , which is the fat16-formatted “internal data storage” , has a type which looks completely bogus . in this case the manufacturer did not reuse the 0x82 ( linux swap ) type code for their own purposes , but i am not sure that such collisions never occur , so you should not blindly try to use any partition which looks like swap — first check that the device size and partition layout are what you expect to see on your sd card . /proc/mtd is never useful for finding a swap partition on sd card ( mtd drivers are used to access directly attached raw flash chips , they cannot work with external sd cards ) .
i do not know if you are rooted or if you have custom recovery or not , but in some of the later versions of clockworkmod recovery there is an option to " delete battery stats " . without root , there seems to be no way to reset the battery statistics .
you can recalibrate the battery . what happened is you battery status file is corrupted . use a battery calibration app from playstore and recalibrate battery . if it is rooted go to recovery and wipe battery status and do calibration
what i ended up doing was selecting the " upload all " option under the google+ settings for instant upload . this uploaded some photos that had not already been uploaded and seems to have kick-started the process .
in Settings-&gt;Accounts and Sync-&gt;Your Google Account make sure google photos is selected this is in Settings-&gt;Google in 4 . x . edit : i just checked , and reinstalling the google+ all fixed this . uninstall the app , then install it again . you then need to go into the settings menu and enable instant upload .
have you tried using an alternative sms app ? handcent is very popular . it has always notified me of a new sms even with the message still open . edit : if you do not want to switch sms apps , you can also use sms popup .
i have never tried but i strongly doubt it , for reasons that are nothing to do with android itself . each manufacturer has their own variant of the headset connector on their phones , but they are all compatible with standard stereo headphones . this implies that the tip and the first ring are outputs ( the left and right channel ) , not inputs . in contrast , digital keyboard pedals like the one you linked to tend to be wired like microphones , with the output ( from the pedal 's point of view ) on one or more of the connections where the phone is expecting its output to be . for this reason i doubt you will be able to do something like this on any kind of phone without some custom hardware . that said , you do get usb foot-pedals for typing ( you can configure them as an extra shift key or similar ) , so one of those might satisfy your need .
sure you can , there is a product that uses the audio port as an extra button , check this : http://gizmodo.com/add-a-button-to-any-android-phone-with-this-genius-head-1221431712 maybe this is more like a comment than an answer , but actually i can not add comments untill i reach 50 points . by the way , as microphone it is an analog input for the android , you can set a trigger point on certain value to detect an ( on/off ) state , for example : if microphone values are in a range from 0 to 1024 , you can set that if input it is less than 100 consider it as pedal pressed , if it is greater than this , pedal it is not pressed . you just need to read microphone input and convert it to it is analog values instead of treating it as audio .
i actually had the exact same issue when trying to set up users on a no brand tablet . my tablet was rooted out of the box , so i installed xposed and then the module multiple users for phone . even though the title says it is for phones , it works flawlessly on my tablet . it adds the option Users to your settings page . info about xposed from the installer page : xposed is a framework for modules that can change the behavior of the system and apps without touching any apks . that is great because it means that modules can work for different versions and even roms without any changes ( as long as the original code was not changed too much ) . it is also easy to undo . as all changes are done in the memory , you just need to deactivate the module and reboot to get your original system back . there are many other advantages , but here is just one more : multiple modules can do changes to the same part of the system or app . with modified apks , you to decide for one . no way to combine them , unless the author builds multiple apks with different combinations . if you want clearer instructions on how to install , comment and i will edit the question . i can not link to all the links because i do not have 10 reputation ( yet ) .
ftp client lan samba client cloud storage connects over 3g 4g edge or wi-fi https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.estrongs.android.pop
right , the best you can do is download this app called ' aspotcat ' from the google play store . this will iterate through your listing of apps installed on your device . to carry out the task - tap on ' aspotcat ' that is the app that was downloaded from the google play store . tap on ' list apps by permission ' tap on ' system tools ' , this will expand , and there will be a button called ' details ' , tap that . scroll down to see ' disable keyguard ' , tap on the arrow beside it , and it will expand itself , in there , you will see apps that have the permission to do so . this will help you track it down and there should be an app listed in there responsible for disabling the keyguard , uninstall it and fingers crossed it will resolve it !
its called " set up screen lock " . you can find it under settings -> security -> set up screen lock you will want to change it to slide .
same issue for me . solved removing last " maps " app update . found it using " aspotcat " , like t0mm13b said .
this function is also referred to as the " keyguard . " most of the phones that i have had do not allow you to toggle this on and off in the settings . clearly something , possibly another app , toggled this off . i use tasker to manipulate this setting . you may need to be rooted to do this but you can enable or disable they keyguard manually or programatically . there are also third party apps for toggling the keyguard . they are usually advertised as ways to disable the keyguard but they slice both ways . depending on what disabled your keyguard in the first place , you may only need to use this solution once .
i am not fully sure if this is what you want , but you might want to enable the setting " power button instantly locks " setting in the security section of the preferences . ( that is where it is in ics , i assume name and location are similar in gingerbread . )
any apk files installed in your device usually stay on its internal memory . the apk configuration defines whether the app should stay on the mobile 's internal memory completely , or it may shift a few resource files ( images , etc . ) to the sd card . the main files ( technically : the java class files and layout files ) remain on the internal memory of the device . this may be changed if your device is rooted , and you have partitioned your sd card to allow installations on it ( technically : ext4 extension replacing the fat32 extension of a part of your sdcard , which will not be accessible to the user from the device as a mass storage ) . apps2sd is an app which eases the process of shifting apps capable of transferring resources from apk to sdcard , so as to free up some memory on the internal memory . the app does not help install apks on sd card . hope this helps .
it very much depends on the app you want to install , and what the developer of that app decided to be the preferred install location . see : app install location on developer.android.com: beginning with api level 8 , you can allow your application to be installed on the external storage ( for example , the device 's sd card ) . this is an optional feature you can declare for your application with the android:installlocation manifest attribute . [ . . . ] if you declare " preferexternal " , you request that your application be installed on the external storage , but the system does not guarantee that your application will be installed on the external storage . if the external storage is full , the system will install it on the internal storage . the user can also move your application between the two locations . if you declare " auto " , you indicate that your application may be installed on the external storage , but you do not have a preference of install location . the system will decide where to install your application based on several factors . the user can also move your application between the two locations . the linked article contains a lot more details , but they are rather targeted at the developer . above quotes however are the ones referring to your question . for a final answer , there are two choices : a ) simply try and see , or b ) ask the developer .
it will be installed on your phone memory ( internal sd card ) . but you can move that app to your external memory card using this application .
have you tried using this update tool ? it should do the work if it can connect .
there is currently no way to do this . where did you get the . dz file from ? you would have to ask the prividor to provide a . kdz file as well as the . dz file so you can flash with the kdz updater program .
i am not sure about how to do it automatically . but i know an easier ( than having to find files one-by-one and deleting them yourself ) way you can do this manually . download this file finder app . it lets you search files with any pattern you provide . so in your case , you can search for *.trashes and it will show you all .trashes files from your phone . you can select all files and delete them at once . till the time you figure out how to to it automatically , i guess this should help you .
i wrote an app that removes it , called " trashes " . it can be found on xda .
i think the problem could be the default " unconfined domain " the binary gets executed when no policy is specified . an attempt i would try would be to move the sshelper_sshd ( i think it is the sshd server ? ) somewhere on the /system partition ( /system/sbin/ ? ) i think the best and updated document to read to deal with selinux implementation on android ( seandroid ) is how-to su . here an extract from chapter 5.4.4 . android 4.4.3 a good example of the unconfined domain not being all-mighty , is executing files from /data . starting android 4.4.3 , this will no longer be possible from the unconfined domain ( see #74082 and #78801 ) . the established practise of including binaries and scripts in your apk , extracting them to /data/data/ [ package ] /files/ or placing them in /data/data/ [ package ] /lib/ and executing them from there through a su call will no longer work out-of-the-box . while there are other work-arounds possible ( like copying to and executing from rootfs ) , one solution is switching contexts to a context not in the unconfined domain ( like u:r:untrusted_app:s0 , the context the rest of your app is likely to run as ) . you will need to do extensive testing to see if all the calls you want to make still run in the context you choose , though , and you may have to try some different ones to get the capabilities you want . note that executing files in /data will still work as expected from your app if you are not trying to run it as root .
well , to put this another way : for gingerbread , storage space weighs around 95mb , give or take , including google apps , source code 6.5gb , compilation taking up approx 14gb space . android 's storage space for ics , weighs around 160mb , give or take , including google apps , source code 9.5gb , compilation - takes up approx 20gb space . as to jb , have not yet built it , but source code is 12.5gb , compilation takes up around 25gb space , various official jb images hovers around 200mb mark . the above ball-park figures above , reflects from gb , ics and jb . as for the future versions of android , only time will tell how much more space will be taken up , it will increase , no doubt ! as for the final image build output , this would be dependent on handset , as rom developers/manufacturers love to add their own bits , hence the inclusion of the " give or take " in the above sentences , not to mention carrier bloat-ware so the mileage will vary .
do you run any kind of adblocker , auto task killer or firewall on the minipad ? also , how are you doing for capacity on ram , internal and external storage ? i believe when angry birds first launches it is ; loading the app contents , loading any ad info , and probably communicating back to their servers to check for any updates . with all that going on , potential pitfalls could be : running out of space in ram , internal storage or external storage . if you have got just enough space to install the app , but then run out while it is trying to write/cache more data , that could potentially cause it to crash . if you have a firewall running and have not cleared the app to go through it , this could potentially cause a communications failure fault . ad blockers should not really bomb the app , but it is worth trying to see if the app runs with it disabled . if you are running any kind of auto task killer , make sure to add the app as being allowed to run .
it sounds like your device cannot cope with the native code being run by the angry birds app . developers can include native c/c++ code in their apps , and these are compiled per processor . if part of this native code crashes , or cannot run , then the app or game closes - without a force close . this is what is happening here by the sound of it . i have looked up the specs of your tablet , and it looks like you have a good processor - angry birds should be able to run well . the first thing you should check is that you have enough ram left on your device to run the game - go to System Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;Running and ensure that the Free RAM value is relatively high ( 30mb or greater ) . if it is not , then you should remove some memory hogging applications . if the ram is not the issue , then you should uninstall the game , and reinstall it . if that fails to work , then you should contact the maker of the game with your devices logcat data .
i had this problem . i think you should try contacting rovio about support for your phone . i had a pretty obscure phone , and angry birds did not work on it .
now that the phone is released , i believe sparx 's answer is incorrect for part 1 . it has an 8 mp rear camera , and a 1.9 mp front facing camera .
no - one 3.15mp camera on the rear 3.15 mp , 2048x1536 pixels , autofocus , geo-tagging , face and smile detection , video- qvga@15fps . here 's a comparison of the galaxy 3 alongside images from its peers . yes , the default browser does indeed support multiple windows .
on my samsung galaxy s3 i can hold down the menu button inside the built in mail app - this enables the search function . you can search for all title sender date attachment advanced ( which is a combination of title+sender+date )
emoze has a search function which is much better than any other email app i have tried .
normally when you are recieving images in a text message it only uses your data to download it or to show up in your text messages . opening the image after it has showed up in the message does not require internet connection of any type . so far the only phones i am aware of that allow you to use wifi to download images in a text are the iphones , so i am not certain if android based phones are capable of that .
go into the app info by going into settings applications and finding your ted app or dragging it from the launcher to the app info button . disable and re-enable notifications with the " show notification " button .
yes , just copy the /system/etc/apns-conf.xml file . you can also use an app like apn backup and restore : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.riteshsahu.apnbackuprestore edit : to backup manually-entered apns ( or ones otherwise not part of your rom , such as ones " imported " when you insert a new sim card ) you also need to back up /data/data/com.android.settings/shared_prefs/com.android.settings_preferences.x\xadml  apn backup and restore does not do this .
if you did not explicitly configure your device to automatically use " open " and unprotected networks , it will only connect to those you explicitly tell it to -- so you need not worry about this . as for your "3g turning off " issue : that is very strange . something in your device still seems to think that , as soon as some wifi is near , you are going to use that . probably you can avoid this by turning wifi off . you need not do that manually everytime ( you might forget , and you might be annoyed when it is not on when you need it ) -- but rather let smart wifi manage this for you . this app remembers wifi networks you connected to . when you get disconnected , it will switch wifi off . as soon as it detects you get close to it ( it remembered the cell towers near , so this is it detects the area where you have been connected to some wifi ) , it switches wifi back on . it just could get weird with " mobile hotspots " , if you connect to another android device 's hotspot functionality in the middle of a desert , it would always turn wifi on at that place , even if nothing 's around . oh , well : no cell towers close ? so this will not happen : )
that is just the new google camera app . you can uninstall the update and use the stock version instead if that bothers you .
looks like it is a no . star this issue if you are interested in google adding the necessary framework for a hardware alarm : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=1942
f-droid is an open source ( and free ) market of android apps . as far as i remember , they are ad free ( or there is at least an in app option to filter the apps ) .
if you do not depend on a data connection , there may be some solutions around : the google playstore has a lot of automation apps to offer , which you can use to set up more than this . in your case , this would be a time-based scenario : from 11pm to 7am , disable wifi and mobile data no data connection => no new mail => no new mail notifications . apps capable of things like that include e.g. timeriffic ( free , and one of the top-apps in this section ) , llama ( also capable of location-based and other rules ) , and -- my favorite -- tasker . though the latter is not the cheapest one , it is the most flexible , and you can get a 7-day-trial at their homepage . for examples what else you can achieve with tasker , you might also want to take a look at <a href="stackexchange-url what is cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? , and the examples at the mentioned homepage . also , a google search on tasker profiles will list you a lot of goodies . to accomplish your goal using tasker , simply create the following profile : context : time ( fill in your " from " and " to " to define the time frame ) task : net-> mobile data : set off net-> wifi : set off that is all . say you defined it as described above ( 11pm to 7am ) , tasker would switch off wifi and mobile data at 11pm , and return to the previous state at 7am . more solutions can probably be found here : is it possible to only silence certain notifications ?
or one could use an alternate email client like k9 which has quiet hours feature built-in .
you could also find the file being used as the tone for email ( assuming it is unique to email ) and rename it to [ email_tone_name ] . bak for certain hours . then when your time period has elapsed , rename [ email_tone_name ] . bak to [ email_tone_name ] . you may actually need to have a silent tone file and rename [ silent_file_name ] to [ email_tone_name ] . it may be that it will pick some default if it can not find the one it is set to use .
both works the same way . while the usual adblockers block all ad-related servers/ips , you can do the same for selected ones . provided your device is rooted , you can block their specific ips via your hosts file . just add the server name one per line , and send it to an " invalid " url such as e.g. 0.0.0.0 . an example entry would look like : adserver.myprovider.com 0.0.0.0  of course this would mean you have to figure out the url of the ads displayed . here apps like os monitor might prove helpful , as they show all open network connections : os monitor : open connections and whois information ( source : google play ) when such an ad is displayed , immediately open the connection tab in os monitor and check the list . the first screenshot 1 shows the app in charge is displayed along with the corresponding entry . the status column will most likely hold either *close_wait* , *last_ack* , or ( less likely ) established . tap the entry which seems fitting to get the whois information 2 . on that page you see the hostname right on top ( "dns" ) , which is what you then put into your /system/etc/hosts file as described above . do not forget to clear the app 's cache afterwards , as otherwise cached ads might still be displayed . continue until you caught them all : ) another solution is available for certain providers ( at least here in germany ) : opt-out of provider billing , either completely or for given companies . of course you still need to pay your contract ( that is not what is meant here ) , but you should no longer be automatically charged for ads etc . via your phone bill . which does not mean nobody might scare you with accuses of a subscription you " bought " -- but that would no longer work for those ads .
just get a free keyboard . apk and copy this to your sdcard . install it from there . to find a free keyboard apk file : just do a search on google : " free android keyboard apk " .
you just created a nice chicken-and-egg problem : to install a keyboard via the playstore , you need to configure your google account on the device first . to do that , you need a keyboard . note : never delete the ( last ) keyboard app from the system apps ; a factory-reset removes all user apps , so if there is no keyboard app as system app . . . here 's what you can do -- provided you have got some keyboard as .apk file : enable usb debugging on your device use adb install keyboard.apk to install the keyboard app if you do not have adb installed on your computer , either install the android sdk -- or see is there a minimal installation of adb ? for an " adb lite " variant .
sometimes the download manager will not clear its cache , goto settings/apps/download manager and clear data ( cache will be cleared as well ) . it will not erase any already downloaded items , but the items trying to download . if you can , run a logcat , to get an idea of what is going wrong . good luck ! !
not sure , but maybe tomdroid . not sure about 3 . or maybe soon if you ask for it on their site ?
i am using springpad which meets all of your requirements apart from 4 . but you can long press and select edit which sort of works like you want it to .
other than being redundant and using more resources ( you would have two separate services running in the background all the time ) , you should not have any problems running both at the same time like any other application . i would see it as not much different than running locale and tasker at the same time . they might do very similar things , but they are not exactly the same .
i did an adb install -r [ apk ] thanks to the comment by @eldarerathis and i got an install_failed_container_error as the reason for installation failure . . . further searching got me to this link http://eatingbits.se/articles/2010/11/16/install_failed_container_error-when-installing-an-application-on-android/ the solution being a temp file inside . android_secure folder not getting removed . so once i deleted the file app installed properly . thanks everyone for helping out ! !
go to apps> settings> applications , there look for unknown sources that is first option . make sure it is ticked .
have you tried installing the market ? i have installed the 3.4.4 market from android police a few times , if you are looking for a safe file . just put it on your sd card or internal storage ( make sure it has the . apk extension ) and install it via a file manager . Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Unknown sources needs to be checked for this .
beginning with android 4.0 ice cream sandwich , you can simply disable google maps in the system settings . this will not help you if you are still stuck on froyo , but others may get some benefit from it .
root your phone then use the autostarts app from google play to disable all the events that trigger maps . it will run fine when manually started but will stay gone when you kill it . disable anything else you do not need in the after startup event folder to further reduce memory consumption .
from your mentioning of titanium backup i assume your device is rooted . so my absolute recommendation here is autorun manager ( and yes , you will need the pro -- second yes , it is worth it ) . having that installed , open the app , use the " advanced mode " , look for the app you want to modify ( in your case : google maps ) . expand it . arm will show you all its listeners -- disable them . that is it . nothing is waking it up anymore unless you explicitly start it . but : before you start it , you may need to enable those listeners again , or you may experience strange side effects ( i did ) . on the other side , at least this does not require a reboot . for technical details , you might want to crosscheck with the question how can i manage intent associations with apps , or directly dive into the intents section of the aosp developer manuals .
if your phone has the option Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Development &gt; Stop app via long-press , you can always close the google maps this way , then this process get killed as well until you open the app again .
i suggest using the freeze feature of titanium backup homepage market link . i believe you have to register the app ( $6.58 ) in order to use the feature , but i assure you , it is worth the price if you like to hack your phone . the other main reason to pay for the app ( other than to support the developer for writing a fine piece of free software ) is to be able to do batch installs ( i.e. . restoring from backup ) of apps and data which you have backed up . otherwise you have to get through the standard app install dialogs . from the website about freeze : app freezer can disable an app ( and make it invisible ) without un-installing it or you can actually do an uninstall and reinstall . you might find there are reasons to do that over freezing , i do not know .
have you thought about un-installing and re-installing maps as a possible solution ? first , get rid of the pre-loaded maps by deleting the /system/app/Maps.apk file : su rm /system/app/Maps.apk  once a system app is updated , it is useless in the /system/app folder and can be safely deleted . then copy the current maps version to your sd card : cp /data/app/com.google.android.apps.maps*.apk /sdcard/  now uninstall the maps app : pm uninstall -k com.google.android.apps.maps  the "-k " switch keeps the settings for when you re-install the app . now to get maps back simply re-install it from backup : pm install -r /sdcard/com.google.android.apps.maps*.apk  you can automate these steps via gscript , which allows you to create shortcuts to scripts . so just create one script named " disable maps " with the command from step #3 , and another one named " enable maps " with command from step #4 ( check " needs su ? " for both ) . now you can add 2 gscript shortcuts to your home screen from the scripts you created by using android 's normal " add shortcut " method ( gscript will be one of the options there . ) the only drawback of this method is that you will most likely lose the maps shortcut ( and/or widget ) from your home screen when you uninstall it , requiring you to re-add it after re-installation . you of course will still be able to launch maps from the app drawer .
first , i suggest you stop using your task killers . they are draining your battery more than saving it . the system is restarting the services when they need to run which is causing battery usage . second , you are under the assumption that freeing up memory is a good thing . it is not . freeing up memory is not going to decrease battery usage . what you really need to look for is the apps that use a lot of cpu cycles . this is what will drain your battery . android is based on linux . linux always wants to use all the memory available because free memory is wasted memory . the android system will take care of releasing memory of applications that are not in use so other applications can use it when needed . even if you try and kill applications that are running and taking up memory , the system will either restart these services/apps , which will cause battery drain because they probably have some syncing that happens when starting up , or just the cpu cycles that are used to initialize the application . killing the applications will also cause the device to appear slow when trying to start applications because something that normally might be running now needs to be started back up before presenting you with the applications user interface . some things that will cause battery drain like gps , wifi , bluetooth , and data usage are going to use your cpu a lot more to process the data that is being transmitted and received . turning these off when not in use will save on a lot of battery drain . i have a bad battery in my device , it wont even charge past 94% , but i can get 12 or more hours out of my battery if i turn off these services when i do not need them . i use google maps all the time , and in my battery stats its not even listed as an app using resources . my highest battery user is the screen @ 31% , and the lowest shown is gmail @ 3% . i can assure you , google maps is not the cause of your battery drain . using task killers is more likely the cause . as i said i use google maps for directions almost daily , and it is not even in the top 10 list of apps that are using my battery . more information on task killers from the google android developers blog . a common misunderstanding about android multitasking is the difference between a process and an application . in android these are not tightly coupled entities : applications may seem present to the user without an actual process currently running the app ; multiple applications may share processes , or one application may make use of multiple processes depending on its needs ; the process ( es ) of an application may be kept around by android even when that application is not actively doing something . the fact that you can see an application 's process " running " does not mean the application is running or doing anything . it may simply be there because android needed it at some point , and has decided that it would be best to keep it around in case it needs it again . likewise , you may leave an application for a little bit and return to it from where you left off , and during that time android may have needed to get rid of the process for other things . a key to how android handles applications in this way is that processes do not shut down cleanly . when the user leaves an application , its process is kept around in the background , allowing it to continue working ( for example downloading web pages ) if needed , and come immediately to the foreground if the user returns to it . if a device never runs out of memory , then android will keep all of these processes around , truly leaving all applications " running " all of the time . of course , there is a limited amount of memory , and to accommodate this android must decide when to get rid of processes that are not needed . this leads to android 's process lifecycle , the rules it uses to decide how important each process is and thus the next one that should be dropped . these rules are based on both how important a process is for the user 's current experience , as well as how long it has been since the process was last needed by the user . once android determines that it needs to remove a process , it does this brutally , simply force-killing it . the kernel can then immediately reclaim all resources needed by the process , without relying on that application being well written and responsive to a polite request to exit . allowing the kernel to immediately reclaim application resources makes it a lot easier to avoid serious out of memory situations . if a user later returns to an application that is been killed , android needs a way to re-launch it in the same state as it was last seen , to preserve the " all applications are running all of the time " experience . this is done by keeping track of the parts of the application the user is aware of ( the activities ) , and re-starting them with information about the last state they were seen in . this last state is generated each time the user leaves that part of the application , not when it is killed , so that the kernel can later freely kill it without depending on the application to respond correctly at that point . in some ways , android 's process management can be seen as a form of swap space : application processes represent a certain amount of in-use memory ; when memory is low , some processes can be killed ( swapped out ) ; when those processes are needed again , they can be re-started from their last saved state ( swapped in ) . here is another article talking about how task killers will drain your battery . do not use automatic task killing software to make a long story short , using auto-task killers can cause : excessive battery drain ( as if the phone doesn’t drain a battery quick enough already ) , the phone to overheat often and programs shutting down ( crashing ) randomly – programs you actually want to use . stay away from these ! one thing that you could do if you are really set on " stopping maps " until you want to use it is use the freeze option in titanium backup . this will essentially remove the application from the device and none of the services associated with it will ever start until you un-freeze it .
on what os ? for linux try lsusb to see if something is listed that could match your phone . is the debug icon showing in the notification bar on the phone ?
make sure " usb debugging " option checked and your driver has been installed properly . you can try following step command : 1 . adb kill-server 2 . adb start-server 3 . adb devices hope this help .
you were assuming state → hardware → media button coming close to your wishes – but no : that event triggers when one of the media buttons is pressed , as the name suggests , not when a video/media is played . when looking for a fitting tasker trigger , the only thing coming close to it is checking the %MTRACK variable , but that only works for some audio players . to extend that , you can use some tasker addons as e.g. wave control or media utilities – but again , according to their descriptions they seem to work for audio only . i am not aware of any possibility to achieve this with tasker ; but feel free to check out my collection of tasker resources , maybe one of the many tutorials mentions anything i overlooked , or one of the addons got updated in this regard .
there is not a single app or script that runs for all videos . some video support is built into the android framework , and each app also have its own logic for playing videos .
go to settings > more > mobile networks > " use only 2g networks " make sure the above option is unchecked and you have correctly activated a proper 3g plan . also , do not forget to configure the apn for using the internet .
as you are rooted , you can use droidwall to control network access on a per app basis . from the market page : front-end application for the iptables linux firewall . allows you to restrict which apps can access the network . this is the perfect solution if you do not have an unlimited data plan , or just wants to see your battery lasting longer .
the built-in google voice commands can not ( at this time ) launch apps . however , a quick search on the market revealed a few possible alternatives . here are two : cyberon voice commander voice actions
it depends on your application . for example , the " listen to . . . " ties in with several music apps like spotify and mspot . so far there is no way to launch an arbitrary app through voice actions if the app does not support one of the voice action keywords .
this was originally going to be a comment , as i am not 100% sure of its accuracy , but here goes : at least with the stock gingerbread browser , every link that you click makes the browser broadcast an intent to see which apps respond saying that they can handle the link 's target themselves ( like when you follow a play store link and it asks you if you want to open it in the browser ( play.google.com ) or in the play store app ) . since no apps respond the browser essentially ignores it . when you ask to open it in a new tab , the browser already knows exactly what you wantit to do with the link , so instead of querying your apps , it simply opens the link in the new tab ( like opening a new tab and typing in the url ) . so that is why it works when you open in a new tab , but not when you simply click the link . as for a solution , you could try http server , airdroid or similar apps . once you setup the server , your target addresses should look something like http://127.0.0.1/whatever . since this has an http:// protocol the browser recognizes this . edit : to my understanding , you can also use other ( potentially free ) server apps , like airdroid . when it tells you your ip address is http://xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx:abcd , you use that when you are connecting from another device , like your computer . but when you are using the same phone that you are running the server on , just go to http://127.0.0.1:abcd in your android 's browser .
ok , i found out the reason for this problem is the band differences on the 3g : S5830: HSDPA 900 / 2100 S5830B: HSDPA 850 / 2100 S5830L: HSDPA 850 / 1900  and the incompatibility with the current firmware i had ( i updated to cyanogenmod 7.2.0 and still had the same issue ) , so for a quick fix , i went to : Settings &gt; Wireless &amp; networks &gt; Mobile networks &gt; Use only 2G networks  and that took care of the issue , however , for a full solution , flashing a latin ( like the brazilian one ) with a modem file like the kp7 or kpl should take care of the problem .
the error message in this case is misleading : it is not that greasemonkey is incompatible with that version number , rather that it is incompatible with firefox for android . the extension mechanism in firefox for android is somewhat different to firefox on desktops , so add-ons for desktop firefox will not work ( in general ) on android . to find out if/when android support is planned , or to help out , you could start by contacting the gresemonkey-users mailing list .
have you tried cloudaround yet ? it is a music app that lets you listen to everything on your device as well as sync/stream from a few cloud storage providers . this includes offline music you saved from amazon mp3 . the app scans your device for all music files and gives you a handy list of everything available . once you login with the various cloud services , your music stored will show up too .
how long are you waiting ? sometimes it can take a really long time to load . what you will probably have to end up doing : turn off your phone , then start up in safe mode by pressing and holding the big black dpad key plus the power button . keep pressing them until you see " safe mode " on the screen . uninstall any apps you have installed since your last restart . if you are rooted , do a nandroid backup first .
quick answer volume control is managed system wide . the android os does not support independent control per application , only per stream type . technical the audiomanager class only provides developers a way to adjust the audio volume per stream type , not per application running . this means that when setting the volume for a specific stream , will affect the entire system . currently available streams : stream_alarm - the audio stream for alarms . stream_dtmf - the audio stream for dtmf tones . stream_music - the audio stream for music playback . stream_notification - the audio stream for notifications . stream_ring - the audio stream for the phone ring . stream_system - the audio stream for system sounds . stream_voice_call - the audio stream for phone calls . most of this screams exists since the api level 1 , and continue to act the same way on the current api level 16 .
my sprint store assistant manager loaded mp3 ringtone maker from google play . he used that for the sms text notification sound . i am delighted since i now can hear when a text massage comes in . the result can be volume adjusted . sadly google reader and google gmail are almost whisper quiet despite his efforts .
i got the same problem , and i finaly found the solution : you just have to flash another modem !
dial *#9900# , and delete all your log and dump files .
i googled the file name and found this post on xda : i am still having the storage is running out error from 3.8 . i found out it was caused by the signal lost issue because inside the log folder located in data folder , it will generate many dumpstate ril reset by . . . . . . . . xxx . . once my signal is lost . so , i am wondering what is the best worldwide modem for 3.8 or lates nightly that will not cause signal lost thus my phone will not generate the dumpstate ril reset error and indirectly generating many dumpstate ril reset . i am using dxlpa modem . looks like your phone might be affected by a bug in cm . i would switch rom and see if it goes away , if not , you could try an app like getril to find out what radio interface layer you are using , and if there is another you can use that might help you not lose connection over and over .
dr ketan has an excellent thread on this topic at the forums at xda-developers . i would consider this the definitive guide on how to safely root your note .
cwm is not supporting roms and recovery images for the galaxy note yet . it is mistaken with galaxy sii and other models . if you are rooting your phone , do not use the cwm . zip file or you will brick it . i have done it myself without knowing and now i cannot install roms or ever restore factory settings : (
the option you are citing is the very same . whether it says " about phone " or " about device " is usually dependent of whether it is a phone or a tablet . obviously samsung " thinks big " . to your main issue : you might be able to use a bluetooth device scanner on your pc to give you details on " devices in reach " . details should at least give you clues , so e.g. " edr " is not available before bt 2.0 , ssp was added with 2.1 , etc . ( see wikipedia on bluetooth ) . on the other hand , checking the s3 specs at gsmarena . com ( first address when looking for device specs ) shows : bluetooth : yes , v4.0 with a2dp , edr which should answer your question .
google your device model and where it says all the specs like ram and camera pixels and it should say bluetooth version . if that does not work then google bluetooth versions and look at the dates to see what version it would have .
it is likely that the option does not exist on your stock phone launcher ( can not confirm that , i have a different phone ) , but if it does , it should have the keywords " looping " , " wrap around " , " circular scrolling " in the settings . i would recommend installing one of the following 3rd party launcher instead , which do not wrap around by default , and provide other useful functionality : go launcher ex adw . launcher launcherpro go launcher ex appears to be in active development though so you will probably have better support going with it . there are other launchers as well but these 3 are the ones i have used before .
just use your fingers in the main page . place one finger on the top of the screen and the other on te bottom . then , diagonally , slide them untill the middle , joining them . that should expand all the pages you havr . after that select the one ypu want by long pressing it and slide it to the bim to remove it . good luck !
summed up from the comments : this was a known issue with google play , which meanwhile is resolved ( read more on this google support page , opening the " fixed/resolved " item , and there you see [#8849329] Falsely received error: "You already own this item" , together with more details ) .
use a keyboard which does not ask permissions for full network access . in this case you do not have to be worried about someone stealing your passwords . you can see the full list of permissions in app list .
of course a keyboard app can capture your passwords as you type them , along with everything else you type : naughty text messages , credit card numbers , web searches , everything . you could not have a mechanism to stop it , because in a sense , that is what it is for . it can only send this or any other information across the internet if it has the appropriate permission , " full network access . " almost all apps use this permission , though , and a keyboard might want it in order to download new language files , or to show ads if it uses that revenue model . swiftkey , for example , has a " cloud sync " service to let all your devices share the same training data . this can only work by transmitting words you have typed , and statistical data about text you type , across the internet to their servers . android warns you that this is the case every time you enable a third-party keyboard in the language and input settings . nexus devices show a dialog with the message : this input method may be able to collect all the text that you type , including personal data like passwords and credit card numbers . it comes from the app highway . use this input method ? but as i mention in another question , manufacturers can replace the message ( perhaps with one that is not entirely true ) or disable it completely .
theoretically yes : it is the nature of a keyboard to know all your key-presses . so if the app has the internet permission , it could also send this to " some place " . for closed-source apps , it is difficult to check whether they do so or not ( the only way doing that would be monitoring their network activity over a long time , best done on the router ) . with open-source apps , that is easier , as the code is freely available , and thus could be investigated directly . a few years ago i would have said : if it is a reputable developer , you are on the safe side . with todays spying reports , it is hard to say . . . so if you want to be absolutely sure , there is no other way then using an open-source keyboard , grab the code , and compile it for yourself ( ← paranoid mode ; )
very elegant solution - root the phone , download nobloat app . disable all unnecesary processes - google for the ones u can disable . my phone is 500% more responsive after this . i am using original samsung 4.3 rom .
first a few things on the symptoms : on unix/linux/android , " free ram " is considered a " wasted resource " . if ram is not occupied by running processes themselves , the system uses it to buffer and cache other things , like the file system . this should speed things up , as usually ram allows faster access . for more details , please check out ram tag-wiki . " task killers " are discussed controversely . while most ( if not all ) people agree they are fine to stop " rogue processes " , it is certainly not their job to " free up ram " or even " save battery " . in these terms , they are rather contra-productive , as most killed processes simply restart themselves ( which costs more battery than if they had kept running , and fills up the " freed ram " again as well ) . for details on this , closer information can be found in the answers on e.g. do i really need to install a task manager ? , do task killers actually work ? and is it advisable to run a task killer app on android . and finally , to the issue itself ( experiencing lags ) . as you describe it as a problem " growing with the time " ( i.e. . it was not there in the beginning , but slowly became more and more visible ) , you will probably find some help in the answers to my device is getting slow , apps start misbehaving/crashing . what can i do ?
the lag you are seeing is unrelated to ram usage . my " international " s3 runs the stock rom and is not rooted . right now it has 277 mb free and it never lags at all . as izzy explains , free ram is not a predictor of performance on android . android tries its best not to remove processes from ram when they stop running , because if the same process needs to run again , it would cost energy and cause lag to load it into ram again next time . the only time you get lag as a result of ram use is after you have used one particular ram-hungry app . when one app hogs all the ram , all these " cached " processes get evicted from ram to free it up . then , when you switch to a different app ( even the launcher or settings ) , android has to stop the memory-hungry process and load the new one into ram from storage . oddly enough , this is the behaviour you get for every app , if you use a task killer to keep stopping background or cached processes , or if you force-close every app ( or swipe them out of the recent apps list ) .
go to settings> > developer options ( under system ) > > stay awake ( uncheck this )
the screen on my phone turns on when the battery is 100% charged . . . i would also like to be able to disable that feature but have not found a method to yet . once i turn the screen off however , it does not come back on again while the battery is at 100% . presumably , if the phone went below 100% and/or started charging again it would go back up to 100% and the screen would turn on again , so something to check--if you use a charging cable instead of a dock--make sure the usb connector is not old or bad ( i.e. . , intermittent ) . if the usb connector does not make good contact then the phone 's charging logic can be re-triggered and the screen will come back on . you can see the effects of this yourself by plugging and unplugging the charger . the display may come on briefly , turn off briefly , then turn back on again to say that it is fully charged , and a cheap usb cable that wears out can eventually cause this to happen repeatedly . i do not think this is the issue you are having based on the symptoms described , but something to look at . another possibility would be a sub-standard charger and/or heavy processor usage on the phone that allows the battery to be charged but then discharged enough while it is still plugged in so that the phone thinks it needs to start charging again . i am not sure if that can actually happen or not , but if the phone thinks it is time to charge the battery again , and then it charges to 100% almost immediately , you will get another notification with the screen turning on .
try this app . it has an option for turning the screen off after 100% battery level alarm rings .
according to samsung when the battery is fully charged it will notify you , that is what turns the light on it keeps notifying you . . annoying , but samsung says it is normal and that there , " is no feature to turn it off at this time . " maybe many should complain to them . i did find a partial solution . first i turned the volume down on the notifications , i can live without them . its better than hearing them at night . second , i took a picture with the camera lens covered . this gives a black screen . i then set the home and lock screens to us this black photo . this eliminated the bright blue screen . you can optionally turn the touch pad lights to not come on in settings , display touch pad lights . i can live without those as well . then you can optionally , turn the clock off for the lock screen or make it the smallest size . this all cuts the light down dramatically when you are fully charged . i then just turn the phone over . this all yields a half baked solution i can live with . now samsung , wake up and allow us to turn the stinkin charge notification off !
uncheck settings-> accessory-> dock-> desktop home screen display
i too have not figured out the intermittent screen turn on problem but will address one other issued mentioned . lithium ion batteries have internal circuitry which shuts the charging down when the battery is at 100% . unless the electronics are bad , you cannot overcharge them . leaving them discharged for long periods can harm them . you can get roughly 300 to 500 recharges , its best to not run it all the way down , recharge often , when not using it , the charges are cumulative , so a 30% discharged battery is best charged then , not when it runs down . this can easily be verified at manufacturers web sites . ive learned this from years of being involved in electronics and seeing the evolution of rechargables
there is no easy way to roll back an official firmware update . generally when carrier or smartphone manufacturer releases an update , they do not provide a way to downgrade . you can try to find the original firmware on the internet , or try to install a custom firmware of the previous version , if one is available for your device . both these workarounds will most likely require you to root the phone and possibly unlock its bootloader , and will most likely void your warranty . regarding your particular issue with display , it is possible that a simple factory reset will resolve this . if that fails , you should take the phone to a service center and have their technicians examine it for defects . if the phone is still under warranty , you may want to send it for repairs .
i really doubt that you are going to see any significant difference in nfc performance . essentially , the chip itself is not being read or written to at all - it is an antenna used to transmit information via short range radio waves . you will find that the nfc on most phones will work about the same , so i would base your comparisons on more differential factors . have a great day !
it is quite possible that the lcd backlight has died . this would indicate a hardware fault . but before we jump to conclusions , make sure you do not have a screen filter like ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.haxor ) active . factory reset it and see if the problem persists .
the naming convention is derived from the java standards , and is comparable to an url , but in reverse . the key here is that it has to be unique , that is why it is so specific . in you example , com is the main category which is comparable to a top level domain , which can also be com . next is the company name king , which can be compared to a domain name , and finally candycrushsaga , which could be a subdomain . since the names have to be unique , this naming schema is quite usual , but can sometimes be divided even further by adding a subproject name to the end . for example king could separate games from other apps they have created by using the name com.king.games.candycrushsaga . according to java standards , the first component has to be a valid top level domain ( com , net , edu , gov , country-specific ) , but i remember also seeing package names that did not respect the standard .
if it does not have to be bluetooth , but wifi would make you happy as well : for quite a while now , android offers a nice feature called hotspot . the one with the unlimited mobile data starts that on his device , and everybody with wifi capabilities can use it like any other wifi hotspot ­– if they are told the connection data ( wifi password and hotspot name ) .
the ssh server does not set all the necessary environment variables so it is easier to use a shell script . when successful : # rescan-media Broadcasting: Intent { act=android.intent.action.MEDIA_MOUNTED dat=file:///mnt/sdcard } Broadcast completed: result=0  this works on cyanogenmod 9.1 . depending on your system the environment may be slightly different . note : in later versions of cyanogenmod / android the sd card may be mounted at /storage/sdcard0 . make sure you know where your card is mounted or this will never work . diskinfo may help here . thanks to dan hulme for pushing me in the right direction . references : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/content/intent.html http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1752749 http://intwoplacesatonce.com/ http://kennystechtalk.blogspot.co.uk/2013/08/start-android-media-scanner-from.html
do you really want to do that ? that might lead to you no more being able to see your images in the gallery . but if you want to try : open a file manager of your choice and navigate to the DCIM folder delete the .thumbnails directory create a file named .thumbnails open the file 's properties , and set it " read only " now , as there cannot be two objects with the identical name , the gallery cannot re-create the folder . as the existing object is a file , it cannot put its thumbnails in there , either .
go to Settings &rarr ; Apps &rarr ; All &rarr ; Phone and press the Force to Stop button . phone now will appear
some apps show in the play store but nowhere on your phone . in that case you can go to the play store and open you installed apps area . locate the app that is missing and click to uninstall it . you will most likely be uninstalling the update that cause the problem . make sure the app is still install and saying to install uupdate and then reboot the phone . once the phone is back on you should be able to locate the missing app . also check the status of the app in the play store . the update may not be needed at this time .
same happened to me on my note 3 , and what i found was i had inadvertently turned off the contacts app . on samsung phones go to settings , general tab , application manager scroll to the last page labeled " turned off " . click on the app you need to turn on and select turn on . that did it for me .
try deleting your launcher data from settings : Settings &rarr ; Apps &rarr ; Launcher &rarr ; Clear Data
in your app drawer ( the main one ) , you should see them . you can then long press and drag them to the main bar at the bottom .
warning : i have not tested this procedure . you would need to have fstrim in system/bin . this xda post has a dropbox download link . start up adb and then switch users to root . $ adb shell from your os terminal . $ su to switch to the root user . to copy fstrim to your /system/bin path you first need to mount the system path as read/write from adb or some other file manager # mount -o remount,rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system to mount /system as r/w then copy fstrim to the system path . # cp &lt;pathtofstrim&gt;/fstrim /system/bin next you need to change permissions of fstrim to include execute . # chmod 766 /system/bin/fstrim to make fstrim executable by root after setting the correct permissions on fstrim you can run these commands from adb ( as root ) : # fstrim -v /data # fstrim -v /cache # fstrim -v /system or , you could go the easy way . install the lagfix app , and trigger fstrim on demand , provided your device has fstrim support !
this is nothing new . google docs supported character recognition in both images and pdf files . it is also available in the mobile clients regardless of the os version as this is a server side feature .
try btmono , maybe it helps .
the official duckduckgo app has its own search widget that can replace android 's built-in google search widget . have you tried that ?
you have two questions here , which should be split into different questions . to answer your first question from the title : in general , you need to unlock the bootloader to root the device . also , by unlocking the bootloader , you are allowed to flash a custom recovery . using this custom recovery , you can wipe the device 's cache , system , and data folders . afterwards , you can flash a custom rom that may have a previous version of android . also , under stock rom , ( in some cases ) some bootloaders ( esp newer ones ) will not allow you to downgrade . doing so will break stuff on your device , like wi-fi and sound not working properly , etc . but again , this is a general statement ( not specific to moto x ) , and may partially answer your second question . anyway , there is a guide here that allows you to downgrade from kitkat to jellybean .
this has never been a feature of the stock launcher . perhaps you were using a phone on jellybean where the manufacturer had replaced the stock launcher with their own launcher , which had this feature . since android supports third-party launchers , just install a launcher ( home screen ) app which supports this feature . there are many to choose from .
i had similar problems and used llama , then expanded my use of it to cover other events . it is similar to tasker , and sufficient to my needs , while still a free app . most automation can be triggered by entering/leaving cell tower range that is recognized as " home " . it has options to turn on airplane mode automatically when the phone leaves a cell reception range , and take it out of airplane mode when it re-enters . btw - i am just an enthusiastic user - not the developer .
looking at this cyanogenmod source code ( which , according to the file history , does not actually have any cyanogenmod-specific changes ) , i see that the initial dot in proxy bypass list elements is just ignored , and an initial wildcard is implied — that is , you can write either example.com or .example.com in the list , and this entry will match example.com , a.example.com , a.b.example.com ,  … ( note that any number of subdomain levels can be matched , unlike , e.g. , with *.example.com in an ssl certificate ) . if your phone does not actually work this way ( e . g . , you add example.com to the proxy bypass list , but www.example.com still goes through the proxy ) , either this code was modified by the phone vendor , or a particular app is using its own implementation of bypass list matching instead of the system-provided code .
invoke google now again to be in the same place as is on your snapshot . just press back button to hide keyboard and press three dots button bottom right and select settings . you will get the summary where you can realize that you have google now switched off . just select this item and continue with the wizard to switch google now on .
i cannot tell for sure what is causing this , but there are two things i can think of as a remedy : try booting into safe mode ( see android safe mode in galaxy s3 for details if you are unsure ) . if that is still possible , think whether you have installed any app just before your problem started -- and delete that app from within safe mode . reboot to leave safe mode and see whether your problem has been solved this way ( hopefully it has ! ) last resort : factory reset . this will delete all data and all the apps you have installed , and make your device " virgin " ( see hard-rest . com for details on how to do this ) . i suggest trying the safe mode part right away as it does no harm . if it solves your issue , you are done ; otherwise you might to wait a little more for alternative answers here before going for the factory reset -- maybe someone else has an additional remedy to offer .
the underlying problem here is that these apps are assuming , rightly so , that there will always only be one destination number ( that is , only one sim ) . android does not officially support dual sims . from stackoverflow : android dual sim card api . . . the dual sim features are available but not documented and hence not officially supported . having said that it does not mean that it will not be usable , it just means that android is not liable to support [ that ] functionality . also , dual sim card android the current android platform does not have support for multiple sims . a device with such support has been customized for this , so you will need to get information from that device 's manufacturer for any facilities they have to interact with it . a third question was even asked specifically about building an app for dual sim handsets that has gone unanswered , likely for this reason . so , while it sounds like a reasonable expectation , without official support or apis for developers to use i would not expect many apps to account for two destination numbers . from a consumer perspective this means that we are at the mercy of manufacturers to develop apps that function correctly with two sim cards . unfortunately it sounds like the your phone 's stock messaging app is not fitting this bill . try reaching out to xolo .
since android does not appear to have an easy way to get this information , have you looked into getting the messaging information from your phone bill from your carrier ? i am not sure if all carriers do this , but on the carriers i have used , if you receive a " detailed " bill with complete usage records it will have a list of time and date and phone number for all incoming texts . sometimes this information can be accessed through the carrier 's website as well . if your carrier ( s ) support such detailed billing , it should be easy to correlate between the phone records from your carrier and the messages on your phone .
well , at last i found the answer keeping @t0mm13b as inspiration . the problem is on the messaging app and go sms app . so i had to find out a suitable app for my need . youni sms is one such and it is working so great . it is clearly marking as sim1 or sim2 for every sms received and sent .
i found that even after changing the setting it did not use the new keyboard . i had to do a long press in a text field . that showed an option for which input method to use . once selecting the new keyboard it worked all the time .
yes you can . i have used swype as well as touchpal keyboard as alternatives . once you install any new keyboard , just go to settings > language and keyboard to set your keyboard/text settings .
i am not sure if it is the same on all devices , but if you long press on the letter e then you should see a pop-up that allows you to selected accented variations of the letter e .
as luke dunstan answers : but if i remember well , you do need to have froyo ( 2.2 ) installed . i do not think i had the accented characters when i had android 2.1 runnding on my galaxy s .
yes , it will : ) i do this all the time when a update comes up and available to my phone . i too am using play store 4.9.13 . even if this does not work out , you can uninstall updates in app settings in your phone .
if you canceled the trial and want to renew the trial , i think you will have to wait for another offer . if you want to renew the actual service , go to play music , settings , subscribe to all access .
a factory reset does not touch the system partition , so built in apps such as the built in download manager will not get touched . perhaps you used a different web browser before the factory reset you performed , and that had better download management than the one you are currently using . if you download es file explorer from the play store , you can use the module in that app called es downloader . this is a good way to check downloads in progress in a nice dialogue box
if your radio station is an extremely obscure one , there is a high chance that it is available in tunein radio . tunein uses your internet connection ( wifi or 3g ) instead of the fm wave so it does not require fm antennae .
it should work fine -- micro-usb is micro-usb . the only possible caveat is the phone and charger may not negotiate high speed charging . however , that is unlikely . my wife and i have shared wall and car chargers between her old droid , current droid x , and my incredible without any problems .
it could be an issue with the actual car socket . ensure that the fuse is intact , and that the socket is working fine .
it turns out that the car charger i bought for my moto droid is unable to charge the galaxy nexus . it just does . . . nothing .
press vol - plus power button at the same time .
there are many free app on the play store that can acquire a screenshot without pressing any physical button on your phone . please take a look there : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.icecoldapps.screenshoteasy . hope to help you !
i have battled this issue ever since they pushed android version 4.2.2 . on my galaxy tab model gt-p5113 the power + volume down would work only about once every 10-20 attempts . since the new build was pushed last week i checked it again . now the screen shot does not work at all . but i gave up long ago and came up with a solution . i use my samsung victory telephone to take a picture of the tablet and send that to the tablet to by whatever share method is handy .
i assume you are on touchwiz and are trying to take a screenshot by using vol - and power . on touchwiz it is home + power .
to delete a notebook , you will need to log in to the webapp . your notebooks will appear on the left side of the screen . moving your cursor over ( or tapping , on your device ) the notebook you wish to delete will show a triangle to click for a drop-list from which you can delete the notebook . edit : according to this link , you can not do it from the android app yet . http://discussion.evernote.com/topic/29175-helpdelete-notebook-on-android/
if all you want to do is access your device from a computer , my favourite app is airdroid . allows you to browse files file a lot more . does not require root . i have found that i can get 1.5 / 2mb/s on a busy network
i suggest you to try servers ultimate .
i use sshdroid , which does not require root ( although if you have root , it will take advantage of it ) . this has the dual advantage that it can not only be used for file transfers ( using sftp ) , but since it is an ssh server , it also allows you to open a remote shell on your phone . i usually get ~1mbps via wifi .
there are tons of alternatives . find a list of ftpservers in this german thread ( google translate version ) , others like webdav and samba can be found here ( again : google translate version ) . i would say you could give ftpserver a try , sounds promising . no root mentiones , highly rated . alternatively , you might want to try domobile ftp share ( very small : less than 30 kb ! ) or their new app eshare . meanwhile i even managed to locate swiftp again ( somebody continues the project , finally ! ) , which should be fast and lightweight .
i created wifi ftp server for this purpose .
there are apps that can backup your bookmarks , e.g. gmarks or titaniumbackup ( needs root ) . you could also sync the p500 bookmarks with google ( by default on ) and also set up sync for a regular desktop chrome browser ( very prominently accessible in the settings ) . you should be able to export your bookmarks then .
more of a status update than an answer : jelly bean 4.1.2 allows a landscape rotation on small screens . i previously had the same experience ( accidentally changed the rotation but could not reproduce it ) -- i received the system update yesterday and was pleasantly surprised after the reboot :- )
you could try emailing them to yourself or downloading them from somewhere ( dropbox public link or a web host of some sort ) . on most ( if not all ? ) devices you can just launch an . apk after it is been downloaded and it will open with the application installer . you had most likely also need to allow " unknown sources " for this to work , which should be found in the settings menu under Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Unknown sources .
i am not sure if this will work , but you could give it a try : if you have your device rooted , do a mount -o remount , rw /system , a backup of your /system/etc/bluetooth directory and start hacking around in there . there are devices listed in there to which your phone will connect automatic without user interaction . good luck !
to fix this issue , set titaniumbackup to use the legacy path . the easiest way to do this is to go into titaniumbackup , press " menu " and then " preferences " . " backup folder location " a bit down and click it . click " detect ! " and titaniumbackup will ask you where to scan for backup locations . it is very important that you here choose to scan your whole device and not just the sd card . after scanning is complete , you might as in my case see that titaniumbackup presents two paths that seem almost identical ( in fact they sort of are ) . choose the path that has the string /legacy/ in it , in my case it is /storage/emulated/legacy/TitaniumBackup — which should replace a path similar to /storage/emulated/0/TitaniumBackup . after titaniumbackup has been reconfigured to use the legacy path , restoring apps will work as normal . thanks to necropuppy for this solution .
according to this forum post , the sd card is not fully encrypted . rather , after you enable encryption any new data is encrypted . so for example , if you take a picture , then enable encryption , then take another picture , the first picture will be unencrypted but the second will be encrypted ( assuming your pictures are saved to the sd card ) . if you pull out your sd card and try to look at the pictures elsewhere you will only be able to view picture #1 . however , putting your phone into pc mode and connecting it to a pc will allow you to view and copy both the encrypted and unecrypted files . at least according to that post . so to answer your question : no , you will not lose the ability to plug in your phone to your laptop and edit or view data on the sd card .
i think so . i have files that i used to copy from my sd card to my pc using the usb mass storage option under the " usb connection " pop-up that i could use -- no problem . i checked the flag under settings-> location and security-> data encryption-> storage encryption and now i can not read them . i tried unchecking the box , it says that future files will be decrypted , but existing files will remain encrypted .
that is because the contact is synced to your contacts via online account ( facebook in this case ) . you are not allowed to edit that contact that is why there is no option of editing it . get it !
the galaxy siii has a better display than typical computer monitors . it has a wider color gamut , which basically means it can accurately display more colors . without color management of some kind , to convert between the color spaces of different output devices , you will get the washed out look on displays with a smaller gamut . it is a double-edged sword , as pictures optimized for smaller gamuts will look over-saturated on the siii . that is a common complaint among siii reviewers . there are apps for doing color management , but i have not personally tried any of them . another option is to do the conversion on a desktop application , like photoshop .
make sure that you are taking the photos at full resolution from the camera and also that compression after uploading is not enabled . to be absolutely sure upload few photos on dropbox and view them on pc . check it is resolution on your pc .
for continuity across all android device sizes , from phones to tablets , the android team completely removed the old tablet layout from 4.4 going forward . it is no longer there so it is not something that can just be switched on . it would have to be built back into the rom , so you may ask your rom developer or look to see if a rom has already done this .
usually this is related to weather apps that refresh and update location when the screen is turned on . it could be any number of other apps , but most commonly it is weather apps trying to locate you to give you an accurate update for where you are at . check any weather apps to see if any are set to use your location .
what is running ? on today 's android phones , google play services samples and records your location occasionally , even if you have " location sharing " ( what used to be called latitude ) turned off , in order to support a number of use cases:- it allows apps on the device to define regions in space , and notifies an app if you go into ( or out of ) a particular region . this way , only google play services needs to be running and checking location , rather than every location-based app on the phone keeping track of your location separately and using power unnecessarily . it looks at which wi-fi hotspots are visible , and sends them periodically to google , to support the feature of finding " coarse " ( less accurate ) location without turning on gps . it looks at your speed to determine whether you are stationary , walking running , cycling , or driving . google now uses this information to show you a " you have walked five miles this week " card , if you turn that on , and the statistics are also made available to other apps , again so that they do not all have to burn battery by tracking location individually . it samples where you spend time in office hours and the evening so that google now can work out where your home and work are , and when you commute . this lets it offer you relevant traffic and weather information , and it tells it when you are travelling away from home to suggest places to visit and c . why only when the screen comes on ? this is to do with the way android power management works . usually , when the screen is off , your phone is asleep . apps can not run in this mode : it only does the minimum necessary to keep the device connected to the phone network . some devices can save power by even turning off the main cpu of the phone , switching to a smaller , more efficient ( but slower ) cpu while they are asleep . in this mode , android tries quite hard to avoid waking up , because each wake-up costs a lot of power . most apps that run periodically have their run delayed , and all run at once , so as to wake up only once instead of many times . this includes the location sampling discussed above . when you turn your screen on , the phone has to wake up , so at that point any periodic background tasks that were held back will run straight away . google play services is not trying to use the gps only when the phone is idle : it just runs for that split second when the phone wakes up .
check out this link that is what you want : htc
i have found it in the android api : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/view.html#setsystemuivisibility(int) a flag , system_ui_flag_low_profile , can be passed to indicate that certain ui elements be put into a low profile and offer less of a distraction to the user . if i had a nexus device ( really any device with soft buttons across the bottom ) then i would also notice those buttons being replaces by the same dim circle i am seeing in my navbar . this has been available since 4.0 and is intended for book readers , games , and other immersive applications .
this is the indicator for low priority notifications , for example from google now .
i expect that this is going to depend on the ad network . what you have seen apparently works on admob , but as to whether other ad networks will require a connection or will display cached ads , i could not say . by the way , astro file manager pro ( no ads ) is only $3.99 .
most ads require internet access . if you remove the internet access , then it should not load the ads ( unless they are somehow cached ? ) . if he really , really , really wants to get rid of ads all together , you can install the adfree app on rooted phones . it will remove ads from the browser , from apps , etc . anything that is in its blacklist will refuse to load . however , developers do try to make a living and often provide their apps for free at the cost of a little advertising . you may also want to try and explain this to him and if he really likes the app he can support the developer further by purchasing the full ( ad free ) version . no money , no developers .
if your goal is solely to transfer your email , your best bet would be to create a dummy gmail account with imap and add it to tbird as a separate account ( so that it does not go to the general inbox ) . once you had that done , in tbird copy all the folders you want transferred to the dummy account and wait for it to sync with gmail 's imap server . finally , add the dummy gmail account to your choice of email client on your phone and wait for the imap sync to complete . if you want to continue to receive email on your phone from all these accounts , you can add them in as you like to the email client of your choice . personally i would recommend k9 for multiple email account management myself ; it has an unified inbox similar to tbird 's general inbox and is all around mucho handy .
first , see my relevant answer over here in regards to " killing tasks " , especially the use of task killers . the only way to stop these background tasks is to either : turn off any sort of background notifications the app does ( check the settings for each app ) uninstall the app or if you are rooted , you could " freeze " it with titanium backup . beyond that , you are not going to be able to do much more . it is up to the programmer to decide when he needs to have a background task run , and a good programmer will let you have to turn these background tasks off ( usually it is caused by polling for notifications ) .
use advanced task killer ! awesome app .
do you have an app called gallery ? i have it in my list . i would say just drag that on your homescreen and you should be good to go .
you do not mention which android phone you have got , depending on which phone ( and how much your manufacturer 's customised ) you have got , it may be slightly different from othermichael 's instructions . with stock android ( as on the nexus one , htc magic , g1 , etc ) , when you plug your phone into the pc 's usb you should see a usb icon appear in the notification area . pull the notification area down and you should see " USB connected: Select to copy files to/from your computer . " press this and you get the option to " Mount" . pressing this connects your phone 's sd to the pc . other manufacturers customize things slightly with their custom uis , for instance if you have a phone with samsung 's touchwiz ui on it , you get a menu up as soon as you plug into usb , with options to select usb mode , on the you had pick mass storage , and then do as above . i think htc 's sense ui also customizes things slightly , but i can not remember exactly how that works .
Settings &gt;&gt; Connect to PC &gt;&gt; USB Connection Type  should be set to " disk drive " ( you can set this as a default connection type , but i prefer to do it manually when i need it ) . also , you can set it via the notifcations bar by clicking on the usb connection type as it appears ; a selection box of the various options should appear . once mounted , you can open on your pc , and drag-n-drop , or what-have-you . note ( from the incredible manual , p29 ) : disk drive this mode is available only when you have installed a microsd card on your phone . select this mode when you want to use your storage card as a usb thumb drive , and copy files between your phone’s storage card and your computer . when disk drive mode is enabled while your phone is connected to the computer , you will not be able to run applications that use the storage card , such as music or photos . for more information , see “copying files to and from the storage card” in this chapter .
typically i found this after finding the same problem . i too just turned the brightness all the way down . you can get back in by holding the power for a while and restarting . . . might do it again and turn the brightness back up and see . tracker1972 edit- brightness back on automatic , now working fine again :- ) good luck with yours !
you do not have to reboot your whole phone , just get your battery out once , put it in , restart your phone , go immediately to your brightness settings , put it on high , and keep it always high , solved my problem at least .
i know i had the same problem . what you have to do is reboot the phone .
download android usb driver ( https://dl-ssl.google.com/android/repository/usb_driver_r03-windows.zip ) and uncompress it in a local folder ( i.e. . c:\android_sdk\usb_driver ) edit ( or create and then edit if it does not already exist ) file in "%userprofile% . android\adb_usb . ini": echo 0x18d1 > "%userprofile% . android\adb_usb . ini " edit android_winusb . inf to match evm/beagle vendor and product ids : under [ google . ntx86 ] section add : ; ti evm %singleadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_18d1 and pid_9018 %compositeadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_18d1 and pid_9018 and mi_01 note : be careful to add it under google . ntx86 and not under google . ntamd64 unless your machine is amd 64 bits . if you skip this step you will not be able to later install the driver as windows will reject it . boot the board as normal and wait until shell prompt is available ( micro-b usb cable must be disconnected ) . connect micro-b usb cable between board and windows pc . if it is proceeding as planned , windows will tell you it found a new hardware asks you to install the driver . install driver that was downloaded as described in step 3 above : answer " no , not this time " to the question about running windows update to search for software . choose " install the hardware that i manually select from a list ( advanced ) " this is the 2nd option , then click " next " select " show all devices " , then click " next " you are going to see a grayed-out text box with " ( retrieving a list of all devices ) " , click the " have disk . . . " button browse " to your driver folder ( c:\android_sdk\usb_driver ) . it will be looking of a . inf file so select " android_winusb . inf " and click " open " then " ok " . it is the only file there so you should not go wrong . select " android adb interface " then click the " next " button . a warning will appear , answer " yes " but read the warning anyway . click the " close " when the wizard is completed . disconnect and reconnect micro-b usb cable from board ( probably reboot it as well ) . open command prompt and restart adb server just to make sure it is in a proper state : adb kill-server adb start-server list the attached devices with " adb devices " . it should show your board/device with a random number . type " adb shell " . you should see the "#" indicating it works . establish network connection assign an ip address to the usb ethernet adapter . the usb network gadget g_ether is named usb0 ( instead of eth0 or other network interface names ) . the normal set of ethernet configuration tools should work , such as ifconfig , netstat , and route . for example , the following commands will assign the network address 192.168.194.2 to the target . run this on the target : $ ifconfig usb0 192.168.194.2 netmask 255.255.255.224 up  on host machine , run the following commands to establish the connection to the target : $ sudo ifconfig usb0 192.168.194.1 netmask 255.255.255.224 up $ sudo route add 192.168.194.2 dev usb0  the target and the host machine should be connected , run ping command to test the same : establish adb connection on the host machine execute following commands to establish adb connection $ export ADBHOST=&lt;target's ip address&gt; $ adb kill-server $ adb start-server $ adb connect &lt;target_ip_address&gt;:5555  verify the connection by executing $ adb devices  if connected , device name should be listed as a " emulator " $ adb devices List of devices attached emulator-5554 device $ adb shell  adb over ethernet make sure ethernet port on board and host machine are connected to the network check ethernet configuration for the board if ethernet was not configured , configure ethernet of the board using ifconfig/netcfg as shown below . target #&gt; netcfg eth0 dhcp  configure the adb daemon to use an ethernet connection using setprop as shown below . target #&gt; setprop service.adb.tcp.port 5555  if network is configured successfully ( above steps ) then restart service adbd on the target , target #&gt; stop adbd target #&gt; start adbd  on the host machine use following commands to establish adb connection $&gt; export ADBHOST=&lt;target's ip address&gt; $&gt; adb kill-server $&gt; adb start-server $&gt; adb connect &lt;target_ip_address&gt;:5555  verify for device connectivity , by executing the following commands
i think the key is the little may be hidden in there ( different paragraph from the one you quoted ) . if you leave " scanning always available " on then basically the wi-fi will blip on and off every so often just to see what is around . . . this could be enough for a nearby wireless network to detect/track you . if you read the google plus post ( and bare in mind it is by the person who wants you to download his software ) it actually points out you can still turn your wi-fi off in latest android ( off in the sense you had expect - " one solution is shutting off wi-fi completely" ) . the paragraph you quoted is a bit of a dogs breakfast . . . the first part happens ( wi-fi networks will be able to see the mac address of any device polling them ) . the only reason the second part would happen is when your device knows about wireless networks with SSID broadcast turned off ( it used to be recommended to turn this off , but now the opposite is true for this reason ) - if it knows of such cloaked networks it'll poll each network it meets to see if it is one of the ones it knows ( simplified ) . there is also allegedly some " known network sharing " between your device and google for the purpose of backing up your network settings to the cloud , but this is not available/visible to the wi-fi network . so the benefits . . . disable wi-fi completely a strange feature since the author recognizes you can do this with stock , but you would not want to because you had loose the " scanning always available setting " . random mac address this could be useful , it certainly defeats a series of networks from tracking your device 's movement , but so does turning of wi-fi completely . mac addresses are supposed to be unique , and while it is a large namespace , one wonders with a randomizer if collisions will happen ( if two devices have the same mac address they will not work properly on wi-fi ) . if you visit places that have mac address filtering or identification ( for legitimate reasons - your home network , a business network , a company that provides free wi-fi for a period and tracks that you have accepted their terms ) you may find your device no longer works although there is mention of a setting that will restore your stock mac when wi-fi is on . war mode sounds like it just changes the mac address more frequently ( possibly during a wi-fi session ) but this is not without processing overhead .
please try this . to setup proxy address on avd : go to settings> wireless and networks> mobile networks> mobile networks settings> access point names add access point by clicking "+" button and then type favorite name for name , favorite name for apn , fixed proxy and port . if necessary put user name and password . to setup dns address on avd : run below command . emulator -avd &lt ; machine_name&gt ; -dns-server &lt ; dns_ip_address&gt ; fyi : https://developer.android.com/tools/devices/emulator.html#dns
there is a difference between " how much the android os requires " and " how much the manufacturer reserved " . remember , the os has its own partition ( /system ) , which is mounted read-only during normal operation ( just made writable for os updates ) , while the user 's data goes to /data . moreover , most manufacturers add their own " presents " ( also known as bloatware ) to the /system partition . so while the actual android system usually fits into less than 1 gb ( considered there are devices shipping with less internal storage ) , your device 's manufacturer might have decided to reserve more space for future updates and his own add-ons .
this ended up being an extremely simple fix but took me a long time to do . open the hangouts app and go to settings select your google account scroll down and click ' sign out ' back in the main listing , click the sms dropdown click on your google account and that is it ! all my contact images showed up correctly and change when i change their photo via the contacts app .
do you still have a link to the ebay listing , is it active ? a lot of the phones on ebay are fake/imitation phones . some even have user interfaces made to look like android , but are actually running a basic feature phone os . tools like htc sync and adb that only work with the real hardware often fail when tried on these devices .
you do not need to remove default google account or factory reset to ditch double notifications . use any one of following methods which suits you best : from Settings ~> Accounts &amp; Sync , choose the default google account and turn off gmail sync . after that , you will receive notifications from k-9 mail , only . in some android versions , if you turn off all sync options listed under a google account , a sign out button is appeared . all you need is to tap it . go ahead to try it . if you are rooted , delete /data/system/accounts.db file and restart the system ( on jelly bean , its /data/system/users/0/accounts.db and the location can vary with android versions ) . next time , you will be asked to add google account again .
according to this site , your micromax a89 ninja phone has a removable back plate with a replaceable battery . it should be possible to replace the original 1400 mah battery with a higher capacity one . however such battery will definitely be thicker in size , so you would most likely need to buy a different back plate to accommodate for the added thickness ( see an example for galaxy s4 here . ) i have not found any online merchant that sells extended batteries for micromax a89 , but you may have better luck with local cell phone dealerships in your part of the world .
i am surprised by what you are saying , so let me recap . yes , most networks send out their ssid ( it is called a beacon ) . if your wifi is enabled and you have not disabled scanning then your phone will listen for those beacons and try to match the ssid in the beacon against your phone 's list of ssid 's . depending on your settings it will also use the beacon to determine your current location and possibly even send the beacon 's mac address to google so google can keep its wifi location database up-to-date . so far this is all passive - it is just listening for beacons . the phone does not need to actively try to connect to networks unless some of the networks do not send out beacons ( hidden networks , as mentioned by @chahk ) . but even if you have some hidden networks in your list , i thought that android did not actively try to scan for those networks ( send out probe requests ) . actually , i remember people complaining about this , and 3rd party apps being written to address it , e.g. see " hiddenssid enabler " in the play store . has this changed ? can you tell me where you read about this ? if so , the only solution i can think of is to purge hidden networks from your list of known networks .
turned out to be a hardware fault in this particular circumstance a faulty connection between the flex cable that connects the volume buttons and the motherboard . . . reseated the connector and ' safe mode ' was gone next time i restarted . found this by trial and error - do not know of any way to narrow down the cause with the help of software . so wish i had checked that connector before i went and wiped everything . . . doh !
i had the same problem . spent a night to fix it . first i thought it to be a software issue . . browsed and tried infinite fixes . i tried re seating flex cable that connects the volume buttons and the motherboard . i tries to factory reset through boot loader . thought of flashing a different rom . dint work out for me . here is what worked for me . open the back panel of the tablet . https://www.ifixit.com/guide/nexus+7+power+%26+volume+button+cable+replacement/9926 flip up the retaining flap on the ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' connecting to the mother board . do not pull out the cable now . be ready to pull out the cable . 3 . press the power button to switch on your tablet . 4 . the moment you see google logo , pull out ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' . this will disconnect volume down key , which forces the tablet into bootloader . 5 . now the tablet is on in normal mode . 6 . plug the ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' into its mother board socket . 7 . close the panel and enjoy using your tablet . be very careful with ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' . a slight twist or bend will short the connections inside the cable . p . s : after powering on , try not to switch off the tablet . the volume down key might malfunction again and your tablet might go back to boot loader . charge it before the battery dies out . in worst case , you will have to repeat the above steps again . messing with the power keys cable is not always a good idea :d the volume down key and power key combination lets you to go into boot loader . so when volume down key is malfunctioning , your tablet might go for a toss . this could be for various reasons , a . volume key is abused b . volume key cable is damaged c . mother board is unable to supply enough power to volume keys . d . volume keys socket in the mother board is damaged .
no . bad cellphone coverage decreases battery life because the phone has to transmit with more power to be able to communicate back to the cell tower . it is like when you can barely hear someone hollering at you : you shout louder too to make sure they can hear you . but gps is a one-way signal : the phone only receives it , it does not transmit anything . it does not matter how much attenuation there is : either the phone can hear or it can not . the only way a weak gps signal would cause more power use is if you leave the screen turned on waiting for an app to get a position fix :- )
i will neither say yes or a no to this question . : ) debateable - if you are acquiring a gps fix through wifi , you will not get it in the woods or mountains : ) however , if pulling 3g data across in order to acquire a fix , the question then steps in , how much battery juice is eaten up when trying to get a good " proper " signal ( in between switching masts to get a better signal threshold ) etc . ( this ties in with @dan 's answer here ) do not forget some apps will attempt to get a location as well facebook is one example of such app . depends on what apps installed that have location permission , and as well as for services running in the background , all of these , will inevitably , slurp juice trying to run to obtain a gps fix . so user bias can come in there as well . one handset with just maps will claim its fast , another handset with facebook , maps , g+ , foursquared will claim its slow .
gps generally affects battery life significantly only when used ( in standby , its energy consumption is neglible , usually far below 1 mw ) . but when it tries to aquire a fix ( i.e. . you want to know your current position ) , it might reach consumption values comparable to your device 's screen ( ~500 mw ) . so in your described situation , it might influence battery life . but the " if " and the " how much " depends on how often apps try to aquire a fix . while this usually is done in foreground ( i.e. . you actively trigger it ) , there might well be apps using it in background , such as e.g. location reminders .
gps eat up battery , as described in how much does “gpsing” drain the battery ? . but i have no clue is poor gps reception decreases battery significantly . and i also read this somewhere : GPS only takes up battery life when something uses the fine position permission . however , it drains more battery if you allow the gps to be assisted by your network provider . in the samsung galaxy s4 , this is found in System settings &gt; More &gt; Location Services &gt; Use wireless networks . it will use network information to make gps location even more accurate based on network cell sites that are found nearby . and if network is poor ( e . g . 1-bar signal ) , the phone works harder and drains more power .
it sounds like you want to go into Settings-&gt;Wifi and then press the menu button to get to the " advanced " menu , where you can then uncheck the " network notification " option . this is the first option on the " advanced wi-fi " settings page of my galaxy nexus , so a caveat here is that motorola may have altered the settings menu .
press the power button for 10 seconds and its going to reboot itself if you have not corrupted any system partitions . or try adb reboot bootloader and from there select the start button and press it with the power key .
this is a software issue and it is fixed in a more recent firmware version that can be downloaded from http://www.pantel.in/driverdownloads ( look for the is709c firmware download ) .
the chipset in the g2/vision/desire z does not support ipv6 , even though the option appears in the os and t-mobile is ipv6 enabled .
go to Settings&gt;Applications&gt;Manage Applications , then find the gmail app in the ' all ' tab . click ' force stop ' and ' clear data ' . restart the app and see if the error occurs again .
this process needs refining as it may call for disabling more items than needed : force stop , disable , and clear cache on the following : chrome google account manager , google play services , google play store , google services framework change location mode : System Settings &gt;Location &gt; Mode &gt; Set to High Accuracy re-enable the items disabled in step 1 avoid consenting to google 's location service requests : )
it is entirely possible that your carrier 's network has noticed you downloading large files and throttled or shaped your bandwidth - particularly if that file put you over 2gb of data for the month , which it sounds like it would have .
if you are trying to download dvd images , you probably hit the 4gb size limit of the fat32 file system . this can only be circumvented by using another file system , such as ntfs or ext2/3/4 . but , unfortunately , the odds are your phone does not support these formats , so you can not download files this large if you can not find them split into smaller parts . of course you can try to reformat your sd card as ntfs and see if the phone recognizes it , but do not hold your breath .
install astro file manager . go to its Preferences from options menu and check Enable Browser Download . ignore warning and tap ok ( the warning is fake ; it has been patched ) . now , you can download any type of files from web using dolphin browser hd .
i think the only reliable source for roms is xda-developers . ask your question there . they have a special forum for the att s3 . http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1705 btw : that does not mean that you cannot trust this source !
the nexus 7 is probably one of the easiest android devices to root - and all you need is the android sdk ( and 2 downloads ) . step 1 install the adb and fastboot commands . on ubuntu these can be downloaded using apt: sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb android-tools-fastboot on windows you should download the android sdk , however you can just download this zip which contains the adb , fastboot and dependencies . step 2 on your nexus 7 , go to System Settings-&gt;Developer Options-&gt;Check USB Debugging ( you may need to slide the toogle switch in the action bar to on ) . if you do not see the usb debugging option , go to System Settings-&gt;About Tablet-&gt;Tap on 'Build Number' 7 times . connect your nexus to your computer . step 3 make sure the drivers have downloaded and installed if you are on windows - windows update should automatically find them . once connected , open up a terminal window ( windows : win+r , type cmd press enter . ubuntu : ctrl + alt + t ) and navigate to where you have unzipped the fastboot and adb programs ( no need to do this on linux - they are in the path ) . step 3.5 type adb backup -all -nosystem to backup your userdata to the backup.ab file . step 4 type adb reboot-bootloader and press enter . your nexus 7 will reboot into fastboot mode . step 5 when the device is in fastboot mode , type fastboot oem unlock and press enter . read the information on the device , and touch the Yes option . your bootloader will be unlocked . this will erase all userdata ! step 6 download the latest twrp recovery image from this page . save it in the same location as the fastboot binary . issue the fastboot flash recovery twrp.img command to flash this recovery image . step 7 almost done ! using the on-device fastboot controls , reboot into the recovery menu . select Advanced then ADB Sideload . download the latest supersu zip file and save it to the same location as adb and fastboot . do not unzip it step 8 issue the command adb sideload CWM-SuperSU-v0.99.zip , and then reboot the device . you are now rooted ! step 9 type adb restore &lt;backup file made in 3.5&gt; to restore backup .
open facebook on your browser instead of running the facebook . app . tap on any photo to open the context menu with download option .
you can download chat shared photos on android . i saw a quick tip here .
touch the image and it will be viewed bigger . then hold the menu button . a menu will come up . go for Settings - Save Image to save the image and it will be saved to your photo album .
that is normal . some apps will not work if they are moved to the sd card , because of some dependencies with the internal storage . so , expect some of those apps to have disabled Move to SD card buttons .
the galaxy s duos have the same problem . to solve this , root your phone , and try moving the apps . if you have no success , then try a custom rom ( i would recommend cyanogenmod ) .
the people application itself is an htc exclusive , but merged contacts from multiple sources ( gmail , exchange , twitter , facebook , sim , carrier phonebook , etc ) is a standard android feature for 2 . x ( maybe earlier ) . by default the system tries to intelligently merge identically named contacts , but you can manually add/remove contacts from the merged identities .
there is currently no way to limit the maximum volume . this has been asked on xda developers and there was only the one response since the beginning of august .
the tasker app will let you do this ( and much much more ) once installed , add a " task " widget to your homescreen , and have it run a " send sms " action . this lets you specify the target of the sms , as well as the full body of the message .
on top of the answer from cédric julien - it may be worth wiping the google search data and cache from settings -> applications .
according to the google now page sports cards are : shown based on web history so i suppose there are still many links related to the giants in your web history . try to go to your google history page , search for everything related to giants , then remove the shown items , then maybe google now will understand that you are no longer interested in giants results .
the problem has been solved by updating " google search " after the 4.2 announcement . so it was definitely a bug : )
there are a lot of lg optimus devices and some of them do not have sd card slot ( e973 for example ) . if that is your problem then you can try attaching external sd card reader to your device using usb otg to usb adapter .
i am going to assume the following : you are running the latest android version ( 4.1.2 ) . you want to transfer media ( photos/videos/music ) . most android devices come with a file manager app installed on the device . take a look at all your applications ( press the grid button on the homescreen ) and see if you have one ( this can be something such as " my files " , " files " , or " file manager" ) . if you happen to have one , open it . navigate to the media on internal storage . do a long press on the item/folder that you wish to move . select the destination on the sd card .
if your goal is to transfer data from the internal sdcard to the external , you can do so in several ways : use a file explorer directly on the device ( es file explorer file manager is a good choice for this ) attach your device to your computer via usb , and both sdcards should become accessible . use your favorite file explorer on your pc then to copy/move the files if , on the other side , you are talking about the internal " phone storage": without root access to your device , your possibilities are pretty limited . . .
to the left of the web address window you are visiting is a nearly circular arrow .
note : this is based on samsung galaxy s4 ( android 4.2.2 ) in gallery , click all beside the gallery ( flower ) icon . then , press left menu button , and select Sort by latest ( if you see Sort by oldest , then your pictures are already sorted by latest .
just flash the firmware you like with odin . attention : you will probably lose your data because of the wiping .
the following terminal command should enable bluetooth via adb shell or terminal emulator app : su am start -a android.bluetooth.adapter.action.REQUEST_ENABLE  on most versions of android , this command will present a pop-up window to the user asking to confirm request to enable bt . i believe this was done for security purposes whenever an app that is not system is toggling bt . i have not found a way to disable bt via a shell command unfortunately . with wifi it is a lot easier , and does not prompt user for permission : su svc wifi enable  will turn it on , and su svc wifi disable  will turn it off .
enable bluetooth : service call bluetooth 3 disable bluetooth : service call bluetooth 4
in android . bluetooth . ibluetoothmanager , there some parameters transaction_registeradapter = ( android . os . ibinder . first_call_transaction + 0 ) ; transaction_unregisteradapter = ( android . os . ibinder . first_call_transaction + 1 ) ; transaction_registerstatechangecallback = ( android . os . ibinder . first_call_transaction + 2 ) ; transaction_unregisterstatechangecallback = ( android . os . ibinder . first_call_transaction + 3 ) ; transaction_isenabled = ( android . os . ibinder . first_call_transaction + 4 ) ; transaction_enable = ( android . os . ibinder . first_call_transaction + 5 ) ; transaction_enablenoautoconnect = ( android . os . ibinder . first_call_transaction + 6 ) ; transaction_disable = ( android . os . ibinder . first_call_transaction + 7 ) ; transaction_getaddress = ( android . os . ibinder . first_call_transaction + 8 ) ; transaction_getname = ( android . os . ibinder . first_call_transaction + 9 ) ; android . os . ibinder . first_call_transaction=1 so , with rooted device , if you want to turn off bluetooth in adb shell super user mode ( su ) service call bluetooth_manager 8  if you want to turn on bluetooth again service call bluetooth_manager 6 
on the lg nexus4 power consumption is very high when using 3g+ internet connections . and as you wrote gps is a passive method . cpu does not seem to matter much here ( my own findings after a few months of usage ) .
if you look at my previous answer to a similar question you can see that by google 's testing utilising wifi will use more battery than using gps . this seems broadly in line with the figures given in an answer mentioned in the comments . however as izzy mentions these are ballpark figures and actual consumption is dependant upon what exactly the phone is doing .
you almost certainly have a rogue app , which a reboot usually fixes . however , in the long run it would be best to discover the app ( s ) that cause your battery issues so it does not catch you off guard when you really need you device to retain it is charge . first , you will need some idea of how apps use the battery . all apps use the battery ( to varying degrees ) while they are active ( i.e. . when you are actively using them ) , but some apps also consume your battery even when they are not active . there are many reasons for this , but the most common is that they need to perform some action , such are checking for new email . these tasks are performed by services ( belonging to the app ) , which run in the background . in order to be able to do their tasks when the device is sleeping ( i.e. . when the screen is turned off ) , these services use " wakelocks " . for background tasks , apps use " partial wakelocks" ; which basically means the processor wakes up , but the screen remains off . in a perfect world , an app would request a wakelock , perform it is task , and then release the wakelock ; this happens quite frequently and only lasts for a very short period of time ( milliseconds to seconds ) . the battery cost of these operations are generally quite low , and their benefits far outweigh this cost . as for discovering your rogue app , the standard battery status provides a good starting point , but you will need to use a 3rd party app that can show you the wakelocks used by each app . in particular i find wake lock detector very useful . it is free and can display both full and partial wakelocks . the app will basically show you the amount of time for which wakelocks have been active per application ( or service ) . when you have a rogue app , it is usually very easy to spot as it will have unusually high usage compared to the others . you mention that maps shows up in your battery usage ; this happens because many applications that request your current location pass this request on to the maps app ( it is location service ) , which performs the action and provides your location to the app requesting it . this is very normal , and usually nothing to be concerned with . some apps can however issue the location request too frequently - which would have an adverse affect on your battery . most decent apps provide a setting for the frequency they perform these update requests .
you might want to look into the s-tablet app .
unified remote could satisfy your desire in another way . it can make your note run as a touch pad and as soon as you have a stylus pen you can open photoshop on your pc and start painting in it with your stylus . unified remote has a free and a full version .
use galaxy note as digitizer or graphics tablet for pc ( small project of mine ) - maybe this could be relevant , but not exactly what you are looking for . but i found this post based on my search query , so maybe it could be interesting to someone else .
i think it will do the same as the back button do . except one little change . it will finish() all activity / fragments in the app . just did a little testing with a little selfbuild app . you can test , too . heres my testing app : https://bitbucket.org/leandros99/lifecycletest ( download available , too . for those who cant build . ) in every activity lifecycle method (http://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/activity.html#activitylifecycle) print the app a log . you can view it with adb logcat ( install android sdk , cd to platform-tools in cmd / shell and type adb logcat . now you will see , everytime you do something like hit back or home button , the app prints the lifecycle method , mentioned above . ) your question : if i swipe a app from the recent apps drawer , the onDestroy method will be called . it does nearly the same as the back button . hope i helped a bit . if there are questions , just ask .
swiping apps out of the recent apps list is vanilla , and yes , not well documented . this has been the topic of a decent amount of discussion on various android forums . . . the consensus seems to be best described here in some comments : that the behavior is similar to but not exactly the same as closing an app -- in general ( for apps that do not define explicit back button handling ) it is the same thing as hitting back enough times from within an application that you exit out of it . the link has some more details on the specifics , but overall you can think of it as quitting the application . specific to the music app , i believe it starts a service , so while the task itself ( the music app/ui ) may be closed , the service continues to run in the background so that your music does not suddenly stop just because the task got cleared out for memory management reasons . that may have affected what you saw .
it closes the app , and its data is stored in the ram . thus , giving you more ram space so you can run other apps .
there is some info in the source code in the classes com . android . internal . policy . impl . recentapplicationsbackground and com . android . internal . policy . impl . recentapplicationsdialog . if i read these correctly , there are specific handlers for selecting the apps but nothing special for swiping them except for onDetachedFromWindow() , which calls com.android.View.onDetachedFromWindow() which basically hides the element and clears it is data . this would hint to the fact that nothing special happens on swiping the app , which corresponds with austin mills ' answer , because since the list does not show the active app , the onPause() and other system calls that are done when " quitting " an application have already happened .
i appear to have found the magical search terms that led to some explanations from google employees . specifically , i found a couple of different places where dianne hackborn explains what happens when you swipe something out of the recent list . the first is a comment on one of her google+ posts : [ w ] hat specifically happens when you swipe away a recent task is it : ( 1 ) kills any background or empty processes of the application ( see http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/fundamentals/processes-and-threads.html#lifecycle for what this means ) , and ( 2 ) uses the new http://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/service.html#ontaskremoved(android.content.intent) api to tell any services of the application about the task being removed so it can do whatever it thinks is appropriate . she also notes in a blog comment : actually , removing an entry in recent tasks will kill any background processes that exist for the process . it will not directly causes services to stop , however there is an api for them to find out the task was removed to decide if they want this to mean they should stop . this is so that removing say the recent task of an e-mail app will not cause it to stop checking for e-mail . if you really want to completely stop an app , you can long press on recent tasks to go to app info , and hit force stop there . for stop is a complete kill of the app -- all processes are killed , all services stopped , all notifications removed , all alarms removed , etc . the app is not allowed to launch again until explicitly requested . so , it looks like the summary is that swiping an app out of the list will first kill all background processes for the app , then use onTaskRemoved to notify the app that the background task was removed . at that point it looks like it is up to the app to decide what happens , so i guess there technically is not a hard-and-fast rule about what happens to the app beyond that point .
you can find special screen cleaning mixtures to use , but they are mostly just alcohol . i have been using a lens-cleaning spray on my phone for years with no adverse effects . just spray a bit on a piece of paper towel and wipe the screen down . you will want to use an alcohol based spray , as it evaporates much faster than water , and so will not short out your device .
the transformer 's screen is quite impervious , as this video demonstrates .
why do not you just go to settings then wireless and networks then mobile networks and change it from both 4g lte/cdma to just cdma when you get off work ? problem solved , check it out .
i was hoping the " wimax " or " mobile data 2g/3g " net actions would be what you need , but after looking around it does not look like tasker supports 4g on/off switching . per tasker forum user pent regarding this issue ( on a different phone ) : if this is not currently a feature is there any way to implement it ? it is not and there is no ' official ' way to implement it . i was hoping there would be something in ics , but do not think there is after a quick scan . one day i will have to do some research , but i prefer working on features that will still work going forwards and benefit everyone . pent sorry for the bad news .
well , the best option to this is to use an app called zoodle kid mode . this is available in the android market and is free of cost . the app has ability to run your phone in kid mode . while in kid mode , the kids wont be able to make calls , browse internet , uninstall apps and anything which can harm your phone . you can use the following link to take a look at it : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.zoodles.kidmode
install smart app protector with its helper app ( for enhanced reliability ) . make sure to make it device administrator . then , lock Package Installer and Play Store using it ( lock down other market apps too ) . with one tap , the app can lock all apps which could uninstall it . the app facilitates this for its own security , but its solution of your question . and , i can bet . . . after that your kids can not uninstall an app without developer level expertise . update : after your comment , looks like your app launcher is capable of uninstalling apps directly like play store . so , lock your launcher too . from your screenshot , its samsung touchwhiz launcher having package name tw.launcher . lock this package with smart app protector . but , it would lock your app drawer too . if you do not want to lock your app drawer , best way is to switch your home launcher app and lock Package Installer , Play Store etc . done ! alternate launcher apps have more features as well as memory efficiency . so , its better in all other aspects . if you do not want to spend money , i would recommend you go launcher ex . if you can spend money for this , i would recommend you adw launcher ex .
there are quite a few apps in the market which will lock certain apps behind a password , a search in the market for " applock " should find most of them . i have not actually used any , so can not give you a recommendation , but these should allow you to lock the market and settings apps behind a pin number , to keep your kids out of them .
yes you can safely delete the folder . for details and a permanent solution ( to stop regeneration of this folder ) check this
i found this - i had a similar problem with a mp4 file that was corrupt , and not being able to find version 1.5 of grau anymore . i came up with this solution . [ scenario ] video . mp4 ( 200mb ) grau version 1.6 + ( only does 50% of video for free version ) [ directions ] make 2 of the same video files and name them 1 . mp4 and 2 . mp4 this means you will copy video . mp4 in the same fold twice so you have two of them ! in dos ( run : cmd . exe ) locate to the folder where you have the two video files type in the command to merge the files together copy /b 1 . mp4+2 . mp4 you will now see that 1 . mp4 will be 400mb and not 200mb now use grau video repair tool and it will do 50% of the file you merge . meaning you will get 100% video freee ! source
perhaps the reason why your old photos survive flashes is because there may be a secondary internal flash memory that is separate from both the memory used for the os ( root ) and the removable microsd slot . ( i know my phone is like this . ) not sure why they would still be there after a factory reset though . have you tried removing them using a file manager app like es file explorer , astro , etc ? another suggestion would be to verify that the photos are not owned by root . if they are you could try removing them using the android terminal emulatorandroid terminal emulator app with root privileges , or try connecting your phone to your computer and delete them using the android debug bridge .
that is two different things , at least the first depending on a ) android version , b ) manufacturer , and c ) sometimes even the device in question : before android 4.0 , /sdcard usually was were the external sdcard was to be found starting with android 4.0 ( or even 3 . x ? ) , this changed for most devices , and usually became the place of the so-called internal sdcard where the external sdcard is found with the latter group , differs a lot . locations known to me include : /sdcard_ext /sdcard/external_sd what really resides where , you can check with commands like mount or df . while mount will list all mounted file systems ( including the " virtual " ones like e.g. /proc and /sys ) , together with details on where they were mounted from and what options have been used , this might be a bit confusing ( at least to beginners ) . so you might rather want to use df , which sticks to the " real file-systems": it does not show where they are mounted from , but instead shows their total/used/free space , which might be even more useful to figure out what matches best . as for /data: yes , this usually resides on internal storage -- but might also depend on implementation . with android 4 . x , " internal storage " and " internal sdcard " are often " unified " ( i.e. . the " internal sdcard " often is nothing but a directory on internal storage ) . this was done a.o. to get rid of the problem of a filled-up internal storage ( it can " expand " into the internal sd area now ) , or a full internal sdcard and plenty of space on internal storage ( can " expand " the other way around , too -- as it is all the same " drive" ) .
such as these ? audioscopelt - beautiful lines spectral audio analyzer audio visualizer
make sure you have right drivers intalled on pc for your phone . try rebooting after that . regards .
there is a free ( as in freedom ) application send reduced , available at the f-droid repository of free software . install f-droid , install send reduced , select your photos , press share button , select send reduced and then select the sharing method . your photos will be sent reduced in resolution and file size .
there is no stock option to do this . here 's what i do , and it works pretty good , but is not perfect . download reduce photo size from the play store . when composing an email , click add attachment . a choice of locations will pop up . choose reduce photo size . then choose either select image or take a photo . if you click select image , then choose gallery . once you have selected the photo you want to send , click reduce . now a confusing window will pop up and this is where it gets a little tricky . you really have to know picture sizes as measured in pixels . click custom . the smallest photo size will be shown as a default ( 320x240 or something ) . i usually use 640x480 for a small 25kb pic , but you could resize up to anything you want . hit ok and then choose the three dots for the menu and choose done . that is it !
image shrink lite is just right for me ; there is a paid version with more options .
find similar post with a feasible solution . http://www.droidforums.net/forum/no-way-resize-photos-when-sending-email- image-processing
alternativley use google+ auto backup option , by default it resizes photos to 2048x2048px and reduces by size . you can then share this photo or just send it by link .
the free version pic resizer lite allows you to resize up to 5 photos . select images from stand-alone app or images viewer ( gallery ) . there is a paid version with more options .
you could try justresizeit ! it is optimized to send many pictures to many emails . you can send entire albums to all your friends . install the free version , create a widget with many email recipients . then open your gallery , choose as many pictures you want , tap on share and select justresizeit ! . wait the pictures to load , then just tap on the widget you predefined .
i would assume this is due to the cell radio firmware , not android . but i am not sure . in many cases you can flash older modem firmware using odin or clockworkmod , so you could test and see if the froyo firmware affects this under gingerbread . there should be a thread in the galaxy s forum on xda with the modems , i will update this if i remember to look for it later .
yes , your gingerbread phone does this , and no , it is not a feature of gingerbread . this is not an android-specific behaviour at all : it is part of the gsm protocol itself , so all phones do it . when the cell tower transmits , it says the transmit strength in the signal . the phone then works out how much attentuation there is ( i.e. . how much weaker the received signal is ) . the more attentuation , the louder the phone has to transmit to reach the cell tower . this works well regardless of whether the attenuation is caused by objects/buildings between the transmitter and the phone , or just because of distance . if it did not do this , it would either have to transmit at full power all the time ( which would be very bad for phone battery life ) , or it would get disconnected owing to the slightest bit of attenuation , even though it has enough power to reach the cell tower . both of those would be much worse . because the details of how strong the transmission should be are specified by the gsm protocol , it is very unlikely that using a different official radio firmware ( aka modem firmware ) would make a difference . even if you hacked the radio firmware yourself to disable this behaviour , you would not be using a gsm phone any more , so any " if there is no signal at your house " provision of your contract would not apply .
it depends on how the app was designed . android provides means to allow an app to choose from multiple layouts automatically depending on screen size and density , so if the designer cared to , they could provide completely different app appearances for phones and tablets to suit their app to the screen size . further information on the tools the developers may have used can be found here . if they did not do any of that , then the screen compatibility mode kicks in and its behaviour depends on the version . in version 3.1 and earlier , if the screen is larger than the app is intended for , it will occupy only part of the screen . in 3.2 and later , it will expand to fill the screen .
it totally depends on how the developer has coded it . this can be fine if it is coded reasonably or it can be horrible if the coding is bad . android makes it pretty easy to design for both and the new development environment they are releasing makes things even easier for developers so hopefully in future all applications should deal with phones and tablets gracefully . an example of a badly coded app is viewwebsource where the text blows up massively : screenshot ( click image to enlarge )
ultrachron stopwatch lite . it does not time stamp each lap but does the start time .
notice the cable . once i tried a normal usb cable for a samsung nexus s phone , and the connection failed . the cable that was given together with the phone worked . the official cable 's shape is a little bit different from a normal cable . it has a small cylindrical protrusion on the wire . i know this sounds strange , but it might matter .
you need to download the correct version of kies from samsung website and after successful installation check for kies update . also try toggling under settings-> development-> usb debugging , w/wo connecting usb cable .
never heard it was , and i am pretty sure if it were i had heard . ( originally " ximian evolution " , by the way ; ) neither have i heard of something comparable . mail , calendar , todo etc . are available as separate apps , sometimes also in combinations , but then mostly only combinations of calendar + todo , not with mail . closest coming is probably pocket informant ( usd 10 ) , joining calendar , tasks , and contacts : pocket informant 3 ( source : google play ; click image for larger variant ) i personally favour a combination of business calendar ( bought the pro ) , business tasks ( integrates neatly into their calendar app ) , and k-9 mail instead on my android devices ( and yes , on my computer i use evolution ) .
yes , the reason you can not downgrade official roms is not a technical one ; it is just a decision samsung have taken . there is no reason at all why you can not go backwards and forwards between versions of cyanogenmod as long as you have the appropriate recovery . and cm10.1.3 and cm10.2 are currently much more stable than cm11 on the i9300 . consult the cyanogenmod site ( http://www.cyanogenmod.org/ ) or xda-developers ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2382573 ) for full details before actually flashing a new recovery . ( personally i am staying with cm10.1.3 ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2035141 ) as i found the camera unstable on cm10.2 )
seeing that you have 2.2 , the easiest solution would be to go to settings -> wireless and networks -> tethering and portable hotspots . there you have an option to enable usb tethering ( exactly what you asked for ) or , even better try out portable wi-fi hotspot . that way you will be able to connect to the internet without connecting the phone via usb , and connect multiple devices if you want .
if you want something to connect to the files on your pc ( which clearly is what you meant by navigate ) you will either need to share files on your pc , on the same home network you connect your phone to , or get an app like pocketpc to have a remote user connection to your phone .
it sounds as though you are just asking for a tethering solution ( whereby you share your data connection on your phone with your pc ) . a stalwart in tethering is the app pdanet . the free version ( which does not allow secure connections , but allows most browsing and even wow connection ) can be downloaded from the market and installed on your phone . from there you install a client side program on your desktop/laptop , enable usb debugging on the phone , and follow pdanet 's instructions . if you want to one-up my suggestion feel free , there are better solutions , but i would recommend trying the baseline to get your feet wet first . especially considering you will want to keep the data usage inconspicuous .
if you are trying to use your android phone as a gps device for your pc ( or presumably laptop ) then you can try an app called gps tether this sets your phone up so that it will forward gps details to a pc , but the pc does need the full android developer tools installed , so that it can use adb ( android debug bridge ) so is not very straightforward . this will only pass on the gps location data to the pc , the pc will need to do everything else , so you will need a separate navigation and/or maps program on the pc to make use of the data .
the only way i have found to do this is to edit the xml file that stores the name directly . it should be at /data/data/org.adwfreak.launcher/shared_prefs/APP_CATALOG_Index.xml: edit the value within the GrpName# tag that corresponds to the group you want to rename and then restart adw launcher . afaik there is no way to do it in the adw ui itself ( aside from deleting and recreating it , but that is inconvenient , too ) .
enable the app you disabled by following the following steps : go into the main system settings . open your main settings menu tap on apps swipe to “all” find the app you disabled and click on it in the top right you will see a enable button . press that button to enable it .
solved it by clicking reset app preference from the action bar in settings
log in to the web interface of the play store and click the settings button in the top right corner and select My Orders and Settings ( or use this direct link ) . next , select the Settings tab and you will see your devices . from here , just click on Edit and type the name you wish to give the device and click Update .
this is a tutorial how you share your files from android to pc or pc to android using wi-fi . . . no need to use airdroid or wififileshare . . . http://youtu.be/wlbrsia_4au
plenty of solutions available here . depending on which device you want to work ( i.e. . using your android device to push things to/pull things from your laptop , or working on your laptop and accessing the android device ) , your choices may differ , though : es file explorer is a file manager app for android which also can access remote resources via wifi . amongst others , it supports cifs ( aka " windows shares" ) and ftp . es file explorer ( source : google play ) airdroid is an app running on android , and offering access via web browser . so you can work from your laptop and access your android device via a web interface . airdroid ( source : google play ) both variants require your android device and your laptop being in the same network ( well , there are ways around this restriction — but this is how it definitly works ) . using the same wifi access point for both should guarantee that , for example .
yes , its possible . but , not with adb . adb server runs only in android ( device or emulator ) . on pc , you get adb client only . with usb , you have got a network . install a ftp , samba or ssh server ( like filezilla server ) on pc and use a ftp , samba or ssh client app ( like andftp ) on android device to pull files from pc . you can do the same over air , too . just connect pc and android device in same wi-fi network and do the same . if you do not have wi-fi router , use connectify or mhotspot ( assuming its windows pc ) to make a virtual hotspot .
my answer wont solve your usb connection problem , but as i read your request , it seems that you only want the files sent to your computer and that this is the main reason you made this question . since you are saying that you have lots of photos and videos on the phone , i assume that you can access these from your phone trough android . if i was you , i would skip the usb problem , and then connect to the computer via wifi . the most simple way to do this , i think is to connect to the wifi network . install dropbox/google drive or any other similar service on your computer . install the app for the same service on your phone . and then go into your favorite photo browser/gallery and send the files over to the service and then you will have them automatically on your computer ( if you have installed the applications ) . this also gives you a backup of the photos and videos . ( if you have had this backup today , you would not have to worry about getting the files out from your phone ) : ) simple steps one by one , with my recommended service : connect to wifi with your cellphone if you dont have a google account , make one here : google signup . most likely you have a google account , when you have an android phone . otherwise , you can not download apps through the google play . install " google drive " on your computer . you can download it from the google drive download page . install " google drive " on your phone . download it from the google play store . go into your favorite photo browser or gallery app on your phone . you can then select all files or only the ones you wanna transfer , and choose the " share" ( ) button and choose " google drive " . it will then use some time depending on the internet connection you have . you can then go on your computer and find the files inside the " google drive " folder . your files is now safely saved/backed up on three devices . your computer , phone and " google drive " . i hope this solution works for you . you can also make a permanent solution by downloading and using foldersync wich will automatically upload photos to google drive when you take photos or videos .
have you tried " showing hidden files and folders " ? : " follow these steps to display hidden files and folders . open folder options by clicking the start button picture of the start button , clicking > control panel , clicking appearance and personalization , and then clicking folder options . > click the view tab . under advanced settings , click show hidden files and folders , and then click ok . " windows . microsoft . com here is a step by step guide on how i took the photos off my galaxy s4: connect via usb ( there should be an option in the notification center which looks like this ) tap on it and it should bring you to another menu which should look like this : select camera ( ptp ) and move to your computer in windows explorer under " my computer " it should appear similar to this : next select your phone and it should give you two options . if in your camera settings you have decided to store to card then select that . next select dcim and then the camera folder your photos should be in that folder ! hopefully this worked for you . i am guessing the samsung phones have similar directory setups considering they are from the same manufacturer and both are running android , although i am running a slightly newer version . edit : after reconnecting a couple times i ran into the same problem and fixed it by reconnecting again and before accessing the folders letting it sit connected for a minute . also , if you are sorting the folder by file type the videos will probably be at the bottom of the list under all of the pictures . another way you can possibly get the photos on the computer and the way i personally use is using dropbox camera upload feature . just download the dropbox app on your phone enable photo uploads and download the desktop app fr your computer and every photo you take will be automatically uploaded to dropbox so you can not lose it and it will be on your computer within a couple seconds to a couple minutes depending on your connection . i use this over connecting and copying over because i found connecting it to be a little glitchy . with camera upload , the photos and videos you take with your camera , phone , or tablet will upload automatically to dropbox—meaning they will be safely backed up and viewable anywhere . take advantage of camera upload in two ways : upload wirelessly from your phone or tablet using the ios or android app upload by connecting your camera , phone , or tablet to your computer and using the mac > or windows desktop app dropbox . com
you can try airdroid for fast file transfer from android to pc over wifi . install it in your phone , turn on mobile hotspot and connect your pc to your local network . after that , airdroid will give you an ip address . just open it in your web browser of your pc , and you will get a nice file manager to access files . if you have access to adb shell , you can also use ' adb push/pull ' commands to copy files to/from your android .
instead of using mtp or ptp scroll down your notification and pressusb connected and select turn on usb storage then your sd card connect to your laptop like a flash drive and you can copy your media from it .
looking at given screen shot suggest there is some sort of virus issue with your notebook or the phone itself is infected
php mysql server app is available for android device . install it and then download and generate your yii project by using cmd , then copy that project to your android device wamp root directory . for better development , install it on your pc . before running the command in the cmd , install php and make sure to set the php path in your system environmental variables .
i had the same problem when i originally rooted on my droid with stock rom . eventually a newer version of froyo came out and i had to upgrade ( and lose root ) or switch to a custom rom . i ended up switching to cyanogenmod . no more nagging update messages and i kept root . you might want to consider rooting your phone and switching to a custom rom for the incredible .
no you can not . the cyanogenmod installer app is only available for supported devices , which can be found at the cyanogenmod wiki . for this device , you had need to first unlock its bootloader , which i presume you have already done , since you say that you have already rooted , and have installed a custom rom . update to the latest version of twrp recovery which can be found here ( which supports installing kitkat ) , or you could also go for alternatives like philz touch recovery ( found here ) , which i am currently using . note that you need to use the latest version of recovery , as there are certain changes in how kitkat is installed , causing the installation to fail in older recoveries . you had need to manually flash the cyanogenmod 11 update , whose two variants can be found : official cm11 thread ( by galaxyfreak ) : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2535682 weekly cm11 builds ( by me , aka thewisenerd ) : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2611381 as for the " problems " part of it , can not really say . only instagram is found to be buggy ( with the uploaded pics , in black color ( ? ) ) , and of course , flappy bird lags a bit ( the solution to which probably lies in reverting some upstream changes , and/or the build . prop ) . i would really suggest that you take a backup of your current custom rom , try cm11 ( or any other kitkat rom for that purpose ) , and restore your backup , if you feel it is not worth the update . also , do use google , to find the answers for your queries first ( and a topic that is directly related to a particular device , i.e. htc explorer , you had have rather searched here ) . its always probable that your questions ' already been answered . note : as to why i would say that you had turn to xda developers , as because development for this device primarily takes place in the xda developers forum . that is why .
try remote droid player . it also requires server software , though : this application requires a server which needs to be installed in your windows pc ( which you can download from http://doinhtml5.org/remotedroidplayer/ ) .
if ur phone has 3.5mm jack , just connect your speakers pin to jack on your phone . when you play any songs on your cell phone it will just play in your speakers . instead of connecting headphones your connecting speakers thats it . hope it helps
what i am " assuming " is that you want your android device ( with the music ) to play through your speakers at home ? in my case ( may not be the same for you ) , my speakers have cords that plug into the computer . and i can easily take out the cord that plugs into the computer , and plug it into the jack on my android device , then proceed to play the music . if your speakers are built-in and you can not easily do it , look for an adapter of sorts that'll connect your phone and your speakers directly . should be able to find some for cheap on amazon or something . sorry if this was not the answer you were looking for , i might not have quite understood the question . however , i hope this helps , or sets you in the right direction .
try twonky . instantly stream media from your phone to devices on your home network ! it can stream not only to you pc but to other dlna capable device and not only music but photo and other stuff .
yes , you can do this in windows xp and 7 . it will stream all audio from the phone- apps , games , etc . you do not need any additional software , just bluetooth connectivity on the pc . airdroid lets you access your device , including streaming music , over wifi via web browser . you could also just plug your phone in usb to your pc , and play the music on the pc with musicbee or any other media player .
go to settings > accounts > whatsapp > my whatsapp account remove the account make any necessary contact changes open up whatsapp at this point , whatsapp should re-associate your contacts with the existing users .
it may be because of permission issue . if you are rooted and installed custom recovery ( cwm recovery , twrp recovery ) there is an option in advanced . 1: boot into recovery 2: advanced ( cwm recovery ) 3: fix permissions it will fix permissions for all apps installed . try it . . or else provide more details like rom , root status , recovery etc .
not sure this if this exactly what you mean but if memory serves from when i ran the stock samsung rom on my sgs2 the samsung calendar is separate . when you create events you need to select the calendar you want to create them in . obviously , you should pick the google one rather than the ' my calendar ' one . i think you can also set the default calendar after you hit the menu button when you go into your calendar . if it is strictly a sync problem rather than a problem with adding events you can try clearing the calendar data in your system settings > apps then re-sync your accounts . note : take care if you do this , google calendar events are stored in the cloud but if others are stored only locally on your phone you might lose them . hope that helps .
first , go to your phone settings > date and time and check if your time zone is correct . second , change the time zone of your google account by following this guide . good luck !
i use total commander for this kind of stuff . you can use the second button in the bottom bar to move files . total commander lets you open two locations at once , which makes copying between those locations even easier .
working on it , you will have a shortcut in the next release of syncme . not a widget , gone through all the source code of the android music app widget to figure out that will be an overkill : )
in short , you can not . only the application can interact with itself internally , unless an api was created for that end . external applications are not able to know what to do in order to follow your desired " path " . the best you could achieve is opening the application , but you still needed to manually tap the buttons . my recommendation : i believe you are trying to have some sort of " sync now " functionality without having to open the application and clicking some buttons to achieve that . either case , email the developer and request such widget , i am sure it is useful enough and interest will arise .
if you have sync enabled in your mobile , then your phone book list will be automatically stored in your google account . go to "contacts.google.com" to find your contacts . else if you have usb debugging enabled in your phone , you can follow this link to unlock your phone .
first , do you have unknown sources checked under Settings --&gt; Security ? ? ? also , have you tried another apk ? if it is one you , or someone else developed you may need to uncheck Verify Apps in that same spot . second , do you only have windows ? i do not know about permissions on windows , but linux requires sudo adb install or adb install as root user . . . actually any use of adb requires root or sudo permissions . second , does it just say failure ? does it say permission denied ? have you ever had that app installed before ? adb install application . apk will give a failure response if you have a left over /data/app-lib/application folder or /data/data/application folder , or if you copied the apk to /data/app first without installing it , and then try to install it with adb , because the place is taken up already . if that is the case try ( reinstall flag ) : adb install -r application . apk you should also try ( install to sdcard flag ) : adb install -s application . apk or last : adb push application . apk /sdcard and then install from sdcard with a file explorer , or package installer .
four steps : open the moboplayer app ; if you do not see a small menu with icons at the bottom of your screen , tap " home " to bring that up , then tap " . . . " ; from the white extra options board , scroll to see the far right side . there you will find " streaming " , tap to access ; enter url and enjoy the show .
requires cwm : from codemink : backup your device start the phone in recovery mode and make sure that it is recognized by the pc . open a terminal in the folder where the executable adb ( usually c : \ program files \ android \ android-sdk \ platform-tools ) is located and execute the following commands : adb backup -f boot.img boot adb backup -f system.img system adb backup -f data.img data  restore your device with the phone in recovery mode , start the terminal with these commands as explained below :
tested on mac osx snow leopard and mountain lion : with your device unplugged go to settings-> developer options disable usb debugging ; go to settings , in wireless and network section , go to " more"-> usb utilities tap on " connect storage to pc " . plug in your device to your mac and the tap on " turn on usb storage " and ok . you should see your device just like an usb pen .
if the phone is new and in the box , then it has probably never been turned on . you can tell because the first time you turn it on ( after fully charging the battery ) , it will go through the initial setup process , inviting you to enter or create a google account , and showing some pop-up tips about adding shortcuts to the home screen . if it is second-hand , then the shop or the previous owner should have factory-reset it already , but you can tell in the same way . if you turn it on and get the initial setup process right away , then you are already starting from a fresh state . if you just get the home screen , with no setup screen inviting you to enter or create a google account , then you need to factory-reset from the device settings .
after flashing a new firmware it is advised to perform a factory reset ( all your data will be lost , so take a backup . ) while the phone is off : press the volume up , home and power buttons together till it vibrates . now it has entered RECOVERY MODE . navigating using the volume buttons highlight the option wipe data/factory reset and press the home button to select and confirm it on the next screen . finally select reboot system now to restart the phone
on an older phone of mine this was an issue with the app store . insufficient storage error was fixed after an update . one app , huffpost , had poor coding and gave me that warning . many updates later they fixed it . you can use gemini app manager to move app to the sd card that android will not allow you to : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.seasmind.android.gmappmgr edit : found a root guide . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2138234
awesomeplayer is the built-in media player , part of android 's media playback engine . it is also referred to as the stagefright player . you may be seeing the player 's entries in the log while not playing any music or videos , because it handles all media playback , including ringtones and notification sounds .
there are a handful of different apps you could try , each with varying amounts of features . a few specific examples : allcast - also supports other devices like roku and xbox . casts pretty much any kind of media . dayframe - intended mostly for casting pictures as a slideshow/digital frame . photocast - can display photos in a few different styles , including one that plots the location of geotagged images on a map in the background .
it is based on content of site , if any site comes under categories : article , documentation , blog , news or same kind comes under browser reader feature , hope you got you answer .
not with the regular playstore app , afaik . if you want to do so using an app , you might want to take a look at market comments reader . from within the web browser , androidpit allows to show comments of all languages at once , i.e. without selecting each language separately .
you can have some custom roms , but if you want just to remove the bloatware , i would just root my device , uninstall those bloatwares and if possible unroot again . some rooting methods does permit to unroot and some do not . even in latter case all that has happened is just you had rooted your device and still have your original rom .
the problem seemed be caused by winamp not playing wma format files , even though it is meant to support them . have converted them to mp3 and they now appear in winamp and can be played .
i think google play is bundled with some services that requires for another applications . ie : applications that uses google cloud messaging ( gcm ) . according to this link : http://developer.android.com/guide/google/gcm/gcm.html gcm requires devices running android 2.2 or higher that also have the google play store application installed . . . . so basically , google play is not there only for install a new app or check for updates etc . . so i think it is better to leave it as it is .
some devices ( i do not know about the nexus 7 , but i think it will be about the same ) only charge when they have still a little charge left on their battery , because - believe it or not - charging happens electronically . so it can be that your device has absolutely no juice left to run . an example of such a device is the blackberry playbook ( not android ) where this trick works when your tablet does not want to boot . but there is a simple solution for that , which can take some time . try to keep your device awake for as long as possible , even if that means you have to restart it a couple of times . of course you do this while your charger is connected . after you have restarted it a couple of times , it should normally boot up . i expect it will take about 7 or 8 boots for the battery to be charged at minimum level again . after that , make sure you keep the device connected long enough so the battery is fully charged ( have a look in your user manual how long it is recommended , most tablets need about 8 hours ) . another option is that your device just needs a little more juice to start . in that case you should leave it plugged in for some time ( i recommend at least an hour ) before booting . tl ; dr : two options you could try : 1 ) just keep restarting it , after a while it will start as normal . recharge the battery for a long time ( probably around 8 hours ) . 2 ) leave it plugged in for a long time before restarting
if you have just plugged it in to the charger , leave it a while before you try to turn it on . the boot sequence uses power faster than usb can provide it , so you will need a little juice in the battery in order for it to boot up all the way .
search and download unlocker or screen lock bypass app from internet ( which are no longer available in play store ) . push it to the system from recovery ( with update . zip ) . start the system .
turn off mobile phone and press volum up + home butten + power button press come out samsung logo and realse the samsung logo to boot in to recovery select the swipe default factory reset
try connecting to internet by pressing the on/off key and selecting enable data connection mode . . .
i do not think since evernote is quite big they would do something like that , and if would do so it would be something so easy to see . actually when you are developing for android some methods would require this kind of permission , if i am not wrong , if you want , for example , check for data connection needs read phone state and identity or for some advertising . . i have found an interesting article discussing it : here
the reason for " phone calls " might be quite easy : looking at the app requirements , they list " android 1.6 or higher " . with that , this permission is automatically set -- whether the developer wants it or not . reference : android 1.6 changelog . an interesting discussion on this permission can be found at stackoverflow : android permissions : phone calls : read phone state and identity . of course this might not be the only reason . if the app e.g. lets you take " call notes " for an ongoing phone call , it might want to connect it with the contact or at least the calling number . to get the contact , it needs the number . to get the number , it needs . . . yes , READ_PHONE_STATE . not using evernote , i cannot say if it offers such a feature . personal information : a possible reason for contacts i just explained . some additional reasons , taken from the app description , could be : email notes and save tweets to your evernote account ( email taken from contacts ) share notes with friends and colleagues via facebook and twitter ( again , your friends data is probably stored with your contacts ) take meeting and class notes ( meetings are probably among your calendar entries , so they could be connected ) plan a trip : keep track of travel plans , plane tickets and passports ( again a clear candidate for calendar : travel plans ) as for accounts , pick reasons from above : how to share on your twitter and/or facebook accounts without accessing them ? so all mentioned permissions could be easily explained . could , as it takes some guess-work . you may be able to tell my assumptions are true if you investigate the described features . but the devs should be able to confirm or deny -- and imho it is their responsibility to explain . my suggestion to developers always is : if there are sensitive permissions involved , split the connected functionality into addons/plugins . my standard example : locus maps . it needs internet access to load maps , that is crucial to the app . being a navigation app , you might want it to navigate you to your friends -- so accessing your contacts makes sense . but that together with internet , well . . . you might be concerned . so menion ( the dev ) moved this part to a ( free ) addon . choice is up to you : trust him ( and install the addon ) , or enter all addresses manually . and for another thing i agree with a point mentioned here a couple of times : a 4.7 star rating with almost half a million downloads , i would say if that app were malicious , we had have heard about .
" read phone state and identity allows the application to access the phone features of the device . an application with this permission can determine the phone number and serial number of this phone , whether a call is active , the number that call is connected to and so on " i think it needs calls to make some appointment from them and all the other permission are maybe in the same feature class . i think other users are having similar concerns about other apps from big providers like facebook see here . my take would be to ask directly evernote why they need those features enabled . this is no way a singular incident see a similar concern here .
when using both features i.e. n messages in the last m days i have always found it to be buggy . if you want to pick up loads of old messages would suggest going into the account settings for that account , removing the m days option and changing the fetching option from xkb to just headings . would also suggest changing n messages to a higher value , one that is likely to pick up however many you want . then refresh your account - you should get exactly what you need now .
in k-9 mail , if you scroll down in your inbox , it shows the option " load up to n more " , and by repeating this you can go back further and further .
i am pretty sure mantano reader and ezpdf do this as well . i recommend the former though .
the viewer that is part of thinkfree office has a " reading view " that does this , and it is easy to toggle between that and the regular page view .
adobe 's reader for android has the text reflow feature that you are looking for .
the screenshots of the cn version are all in chinese , also the language code for chinese simplified is " cn " .
i had the same problem , and the solution was to re-flash the stock rom .
my first instinct is to tell you to find a theme where the " not connected to google " bars are painted the same color as the connected bars . of course that only works if you have a theme manager on your phone and can find one you like . or hell , make one .
you have to edit your Framework-Res.apk . its a bit complicated and differenct on every phone . so i can not simply provide a guide . but i suggest you , to ask in your phone forum on xda-developers .
i agree with onik 's comment linking to his answer to a previous similar question ; this very well may be up to your carrier and something you will have to take up with them . sms/mms delivery is a ballet involving the sending and receiving carriers ' interest in cooperating , the network technology your phone uses , and how the sms app on your phone interprets the messages you receive . an unfortunate number of these factors are out of your control , but have you tried another sms app like go sms or handcent ? these may help your issue .
this is called group messaging . in short , everyone in the group gets replies from all the other group members . you can choose to remove people from the message or isolate specific people to message separately , and for that reason it will list all " participants " in the message . i am not sure how to view them in your app as i have not used it , but in most messaging apps , when you are in the message thread , there will be an option to view group participants . it may be hidden behind the menu key ( 3 dots often in upper or lower right , or hardware menu key , if your phone has one ) . or it may have its own button . ( tip : in many apps you can find out the purpose of a button by pressing and holding the button )
make sure you have disconnected from the computer and the phone has remounted the card , then navigate to /sdcard/ or /mnt/sdcard/ . ( on other samsung phones like the galaxy s , you would go to /sdcard/external_sd/ . )
the samsung power supply unit ( psu ) i have ( same for : tab2 7.0 , tab2 10.1 , and s3 mini ) just requires a firm pressure , to remove the australia/new zealand angle-prong portion . push the power-prong element away from the bottom ( with ce notice ) of psu . there is no release or catch , to stop this action . ( if this does not exactly match shape/appearance of your psu , then disregard . ) the alternative approach is to instead obtain a samsung 30-pin to micro-usb adapter . this allows you to use any standard phone psu or pc ( usb to micro-usb cable ) to re-charge the battery . ebay > micro usb female to 30pin for samsung galaxy tab p1000 . . adapter
try aphonemetix completely offline phone usage analyzer . generates graphs and reports which you can share easily . ps - i am creator of this application .
i could not find such a feature shipping with android itself -- but : yes , there is . or rather : there are . plenty . it would become a long list . watch out on the playstore for droidstats or call meter 3g -- both apps allow you to specify the " payment day " ( droidstats is probably easier to use , while call meter can cover more complex scenarios ) . there are also others like e.g. phoneusage , and more ( you can follow the related apps for more suggestions ) .
for adb devices to list your device ( and other adb commands to be able to work with it ) , you need to enable usb debugging in your android device . this will start the required services ( the adb daemon ) on the android device , which is what then responds to adb commands issued from your computer . besides : if you are not going to use all the development stuff from the sdk , but simply wnat to interact with your device using adb commands , you do not need to install the entire sdk overhead . see is there a minimal installation of adb ? for details : )
try plugging in a keyboard via usb . if you do not already have an adapter for it i would recommend that you go ahead and buy one . it comes in handy .
what is your os ? here is a link that might help you : how to unlock device when i forgot my password ? now here are some scenarios : if you are in jellybean and you only have the stock jellybean password , then i am sorry to say you need to take a drastic measure in opening your tablet which is doing a factory reset . however , on the link above it will tell you that you can unlock your device by using your google account online . i do not really know the details but that might help you . if you are using another keyboard from the play store , chances are you can edit the settings on the keyboard itself . this could appear in the form of a settings button ( a circle with a dot on the center ) where you can set up the language of the keyboard or you are using hacker 's keyboard you can swipe the spacebar and the keyboard will change the language . i strongly suggest you add what os and keyboard configurations you are using ( activated keyboards , current keyboard used ) to your question so that others might add more helpful answers .
did you get an email from google play that a refund was made ? if yes , you should be all right . sometimes , it takes time before refunds ( or anything ) shows up on paypal or your credit card statement . try again in a few days .
here you will find a guide for the stock rom version of your galaxy s4 http://www.droidgator.com/how-to-root-samsung-galaxy-s4-sch-i545/ however , if your phone was updated to the vruamdk , you should use the already posted tutorial . good luck !
if you are lucky enough to have not updated and are still on the vruamdk build number then here is the root method ( source and credit given to : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2290798 ) : step 1: go to the source link above and download the five items in the first step , samsung official usb drivers , odin v3.07 , vruamd2 prerelease kernel , stock vruamdk kernel for your phone , and motochopper root exploit tool . step 2: boot your phone into odin mode . step 3: flash the vruamd2 prerelease kernel using odin v3.07 in pda section only . boot back into android and verify that the flash was successful . step 4: follow settings -> more -> about phone -> tap " build number " 7 to unlock developer options and verify in there that you have " usb debugging " checked and " verify apps via usb " unchecked . verify in security setting on your device that you have " unknown sources " checked and " verify apps " unchecked step 5: connect your phone to your computer and open " run . bat " file from the location you have extracted motochopper to . you will see a message on the phone asking you to accept the new computer connection ( select to always allow and select ok ) . step 6: after motochopper runs and your phone reboots on its own , check if supersu has any update in the play store . open supersu app and let the binary update itself to the latest very important or you will lose root on step 4 . now you can open a root application and verify that is able to access root properly . step 7: now to restore the stock kernel you need to boot your phone into odin mode ( how-to link above ) . step 8: flash the stock vruamdk kernel using odin v3.07 in pda section only ( follow same link in step 3 for a how-to ) . step 9: boot back to android and verifying everything is still working and kernel has flashed successfully . you should now be fully rooted and on the fully stock original firmware that came on your device . to restore a custom recovery ( optional ) , follow step 5 on the source link .
there is a root method available for the vruema7 build that does not require you to wipe your device or flash roms , but it does not have an unlocked boot loader ( source and credit to : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2380325 ) step 1: download all three files from the first step from the source above and install/extract as necessary . step 2: insert a microsd card ( exfat format required ) into your device and connect it to your computer as a media device . step 3: move the extracted files and folder from the root exploit package onto the root of your microsd card . do not put them in any folder . step 4: open the android terminal emulator app on your device and run the following commands hitting return after each line : cd /mnt/extSdCard ./pwn ./script.sh  after the second command you should see the '$' change to a '#' indicating root access . the third command will make root access permanent . step 5: after the above commands have run , you can download and open supersu and check for binary updates . at this point you should be done and you can open an app that will request root access to test this .
astrid has this functionality . add a task by giving it a title and then clicking add a due date if you wish . this opens a page where you can tap a due date + time . click ok after making the necessary changes . click the blue + sign on the right to add the task to your list . now tap the task to edit it - scroll down if you need to and select details and then remind when due and overdue choose the options as you see fit and ensure that the ring/vibrate type is set to until i dismiss alarm . click add an alarm and choose when you want to be reminded . to avoid this rigmarole in the future , you can choose to set by default that reminders should ring constantly until you dismiss them . click settings > new task defaults > default ring/vibrate and then select until i dismiss alarm also see reminder settings where you can choose a ringtone of choice .
instafetch ( lite / pro ) is a instapaper client that has both the ability to download the webpages for offline use , and to read them aloud with the text to speech engine . there is both a free and a pay version . ( btw : for text to speech i use ivona - it is free for now and produces amazing quality . )
go to the settings app ( not the settings in the contacts app ) . go to the list of apps ( apps or applications manager ) and change from downloaded to all . find an app in the list called contacts storage and click on it . there you can see how much storage it is using . since this app only stores your contacts , all that storage is being used for your contacts . ( actually , it takes up some space even when you have no contacts , but only about 4kb . )
the best part about android is first the freedom , second the community . like npike said , you can do whatever you like with your phone , causing it to be more or less stable . you can customize as far as you can imagine ( and possibly program ) , but if you do too much or incorrectly , yes , you will bog down your device . but there is nothing a good wipe can not fix : ) second is the community . if it is roms you are looking for , there is always one that you will like , or there is one being developed with new features you want . or you can make your own ! android enthusiasts are always innovating and finding new ways of helping each other out . so if you do have stability issues with your device , chances are there is someone who can help you : )
as an android user for about 2 years ( and an iphone user for 2 years before that ) , i feel that android is very stable . but you have to remember , that with the ability to load widgets , and background applications - you can certainly bog down your phone and decrease its performance . in apple 's walled garden this is not a problem , but you also do not have the freedom and choice . as a modern computer user , i want the choice to slow down my phone if i want : )
i run a custom rom on my samsung galaxy s . the hard part is knowing which rom to pick . if you want stability , i would stay away from cyanogen , because they tend to be more experimental and bleeding edge . if you visit the xda forums for galaxy s 2 and go to the android development page , the most popular roms will be on the first or second page . typically you can get an idea of the stability of the rom by looking at the change log and how frequently bug fixes have been made to the rom recently . for instance , if a new rom was just released , or it seems to have very frequent serious bug fixes , you may want to stay away for a while . however , if you find one that has been out for a while and the serious bug fixes have died down ( as opposed to feature updates ) , then it is probably okay . you can usually find reviews of roms on various android community sites , but i am not familiar enough with where to go .
to reply to your question , i just got a samsung galaxy s2 , and it is amazingly fast ! ! and of course very stable , as any other android phone i tried . i am not sure about right-to-left languages , but the original samsung rom on the galaxy s2 is nothing like " slow and heavy " , it offers really good performance in every aspect , this is certainly the fastest android phone i ever tried ( or fastest smartphone , all platforms included )
you have two options , assuming your using a windows pc : there is this nifty windows app for the pc : google music desktop player for windows : http://apps.codigobit.info/2011/10/google-music-desktop-player.html the web ui : http://play.google.com/music https://play.google.com/music/listen just a matter of preference , the web ui is easy and accessible from any pc with a internet connection or the app if you prefer a more permanent solution on like your daily pc or something you use frequently . . .
if you have uploaded your songs from your android device unto google play music ( not sure if it does this automaticly ) then you are able to play the music by logging into http://music.google.com from your pc . the sweet side effect of this is that it does not drain your android 's battery . : )
you will not be able to receive a 3g video call from another phone , assuming what you are looking for is the operator backed 3g-324m solution that is available on most 3g phones ( not including iphone or android ) . 3g-324m as a solution does not run over ip and requires a tighter integration between operating system , modem and application . you can read more on the technicalities here : http://www.radvision.com/resources/developers/white-papers/android_integration.htm
it would depend on the application used to make the video call . some applications may tell you that you do not have a front facing camera and may not work . some may allow you to use the back camera , i am not sure . the best option is to try the application and see if you can make/receive calls . [ edit ] videocall radar is an app that will allow you make video calls without a front facing camera , but , like all the other apps , the person your calling has to have the application too .
it will not be possible . the apps run some checks which are embedded in their code , which can not be stopped unless you modify the code in the app itself .
this depends on how the app is checking for root . one method is for the app to actually attempt to find or use the su binary , or the superuser apk file . these methods can often be bypassed by using an app that will move su to a temporary backup location , then restore it afterwards . some root management apps have this built in to their settings ( e . g . recent versions of superuser and supersu ) . otherwise you can try an app like ota rootkeeper . another method that apps will use to determine if you are rooted involves checking the contents of your build . prop file . you can check this with any text editor , from your terminal , or using a specialized app like build prop editor . the file resides at /system/build.prop , and it is a good idea to make a backup before modifying it since having a malformed build . prop can cause boot issues . what you will need to look for is lines that specify that you are running a " test-keys " build , such as : ro.build.tags=test-keys  change this to " release-keys " and the app performing the root check should assume you are running a normal release build . this is typically not needed if you are running a rooted stock rom , but it would be necessary on many custom ones like cyanogenmod . there are likely other root detection techniques , some of which may be somewhat complex to bypass . this blog post outlines a few , but i honestly cannot say which of these is being used in the wild . i have seen the two i outlined above , however .
i use the charging dock for both z ultra and z1 .
wow , i had this problem just this week ! and just got access to my microsd . . . accessing your microsd the problem : my microsd card works great on my phone , but when i inserted it into my card reader and plugged it into the computer ( ubuntu 12.04 ) , it did not read ! well , this microsd card was a 16gb , class 4 so i thought maybe it was due to the class that it did not work . since , when i plug in a 2gb microsd , it works great ! works on my phone as well as using the card reader . what i did : updated my usb drivers as well as my computer and it is all great ! here 's the command that i used : sudo update-usbids &amp;&amp; sudo update-pciids  and then use the software center and just do a full system update . that is it . the post where i got the info from : ubuntu 10.04 usb drives not mounting ! - these are instructions for ubuntu 10.04 but it worked for my 12.04 . *i did not have anything to do with mount-manager at all . accessing your internal storage this is something that i am not an expert at but i am quite sure it is what the rooting program using the adb connection did to my android when it needed to install the sudo binary . but here 's a link i hope will be of a great help to you - how to access intenal storage or internal memory of android while conecting to pc ? !
cyanogenmod is not permitted to redistribute google 's proprietary apps packaged with the rom , but they make them available separately . as long as you download and flash the latest google apps package from your recovery system , you can continue to use the market as you normally would . the newest versions of cm are ( according to the wiki , anyway ) designed to actually backup your google apps during the install and then re-install them for you , but i have had mixed results with this so i typically just install them manually after installing cm .
try blncontrol pro , provided your kernel supports bln ( backlight notification ) . it has a schedule function that allows a user to disable bln during the night or a specified period of time along with options to change blink rate as well as time-out of the backlight remaining on as well as a battery threshold beyond which blns will not be activated .
you can turn 3g data back on through ' settings ' . go to ' settings ' go to ' wireless and networks ' somewhere near the bottom should be ' mobile network ' - enable it now you are phone should have both 3g and wifi enabled . if it can connect to a wifi , it'll use wifi ; otherwise , it'll fall back to use 3g . edit : as seth pointed out below , these instructions may differ slightly between android phones ( but should be relatively similar ) . instructions above are for the htc desire .
i am using samsung nexus s . i think most of the android phones are very similar . please follow the following steps ; go to " settings" ; go to " wireless and networks " scroll down to the bottom , go to " mobile network settings " . now you could enable " data enabled " option , which is the first option could be selected . then , you could access the network through wifi or 3g . good luck .
your mileage with cyanogen mod ( cm ) depends on the phone you are running . if you have an htc phone , you will not have any htc sense running or installed at all . so htc widgets will not work . this is a hurdle for many htc phone users that enjoy some of those widgets . personally i have been able to find adequate replacements to them . so that was not a barrier for me . if you are not using an htc phone there probably will not be a lot of cons . again though you might not be able to use any stock widgets that came on your phone . but you might have a different dialer and contact app then what you are used to . do you connect to an email system at work , such as an exchange mail system ? i do and that was one of the reasons for me not using cm . not that it did not work , but there was some functionality i was missing , a few settings and i did not like the way the contact app managed the exchange contacts . whatever htc uses for their builds worked better imo so i use an htc based rom . as saboogu states , hardware will make a difference too , but cm team is good about refining their rom and working out kinks so that it functions well even on older phones . if you are already rooted make a nand backup first . follow this guide i wrote keeping in mind it was written for an evo , but most info still applies to other phones . once you have a backup then wipe and flash and go from there . see if you like it and the feature set . this way if you hate it you can easily restore your backup .
we have an orange san francisco , aka zte blade in the family . i would say the biggest weakness i found with the cm7 rom for this device is around various little bugs with proximity sensor , wifi connection and power management states . imho this is due to zte being very hacky in the way they maintain kernel source , and partly due to having undocumented hardware revisions which causes various minor glitches . this caused extra work for the devs who put the blade kernel together for cyanogenmod , but all issues have been fixed . sometimes users suffer bugs and simply do not report the bugs on the bug tracker so the devs are unaware of issues to fix . all these are minor issues , against the well know pros of cyanogenmod . i have had far more stability , performance and support from cyanogenmod than i did from orange and their stock roms .
one drawback is reduced support for hardware in some cases . ie cyanogenmod for htc desire does not support hd video .
the biggest goal of cyanogenmod , in my eyes , is to provide back porting of functionality to older phones who are not getting the latest version of the android os ( 2.1+ ) , e.g. the g1 . it also gives plenty of little tweaks here and there to add some functionality to your phone that you may not have gotten before . it also ( typically ) requires rooting your phone , so you also get those benefits too . although cm releases " stable " versions , your stability may vary . you will most likely see more reboots from cm than a stock rom or other miscellaneous bugs .
really depends on your hardware . at this stage , cm6 is likely slower on a g1 than the ota 1.6 release . maybe not quite as stable either , but certainly more feature-packed . on the other hand , on a higher memory device that has native 2 . x support , those same drawbacks will not apply .
i previously owned a htc hero and i resorted to cyanogenmod ( cm ) because it does not contain htc sense . however due to hardware limitation i noticed that my phone ran slower as the android version increase . since froyo the phone no longer fast and there are times it lags . another problem i faced was hardware support . for example camera may lack of some features introduced by htc .
i think you had require root for this sort of functionality . if you have ics and later on your device , you can check the data usage and identify apps . go to settings > data usage . a list of apps and the data that they have consumed should be displayed there . that will allow you to see which apps have accessed the mobile data connection . screenshots here - http://www.tech-recipes.com/rx/22583/android-ics-control-limit-data-usage/
first , htc is not . . . employing a filter or enhancement to make the photos look better . . . . second , this is the color settings of the screens . if you transfer a photo taken from a sony device camera to a samsung mobile device , you will see a huge difference . that difference is that you can not see the vividness and cleanliness ( i.e. . the beauty ) you saw in the photo of the samsung phone . explanation : the mobile phones has a ppi or dpi more than 300 whereas the computer monitors have around 150 - 200 . since you are seeing the pictures in a lesser pixel density while you are viewing them in your pc , you may fell that they do not look nearly as good . if you want the beauty you saw in your phone , use photoshop or any other photo editing app to increase the colors a little and adjust brightness and/or contrast or curves . our fellow se members of photography stack exchange will be glad to help you .
i am working from memory here as i am now running ics on my phone so i may be a bit off here . if you go into your phonebook settings , you should be able to stop it showing your gmail contacts . now , to get them into gmail contacts just do the following . go to your phonebook , this will now just be showing you the contacts stored on your phone . you should be able to export this as a vcf file . copy this file to your computer . now just log into your gmail account , go to contacts and then import the vcf from there . then delete all the phone contacts and re-sync your phone to gmail . you may still have to do a bit of merging if you have part of a contact saved in gmail and saved in the phone memory but this will take most of the hassle out of getting them into gmail .
thanks , it actually helped ! how to clean the mess in gingerbread contacts . the problem : some contacts were from google , some from phone only , some from skype and some from facebook . so the main problem was that there were contacts which were on the phone but not on google . more over it merged contacts from different services and sometimes incorrectly . i just wanted a universal set google contacts and nothing else . the fix : backup the contacts . in contacts screen > menu> export > sd card . unsynk from google and all other services ( skype , facebook ) : settings> accounts> click account> unsynk contacts only . delete all contacts : contacts> menu> delete> select all> delete . turn the sync back on . get an error message - sync has problems . find this message in the slide down are ( how do you name it ? ) - you grab the top of the screen , slide it down - there are messages . click on the error message . it says " too many deletes . " pick to undelete google contacts . done . result : only google contacts are shown . also , in settings , somewhere , there is a setting to save all new contacts to your google account ( not phone ) , do that . now all contacts are unified and under control . also restore the contacts from sd card ( contacts> menu> import> pick the file you saved , it has 0001 in it ) > this will create duplicates . ( give the sync few minutes to upload all restored contacts to gmail ) go to gmail , contact> remove duplicates , run it few times until all dups are gone . now it is perfect .
this works for me . http://tasker-profiles.blogspot.com/search/label/wake%20on%20lan
not using tasker , but the following may also work : http://lifehacker.com/#!5796450/automatically-turn-on-your-pc-over-wi+fi-with-pcautowaker-on-android
you could check out this wake on lan plugin for tasker / locale . ( have not tried it - would be interested to hear how you get on if you give it a go )
this is another source : http://www.aopensource.com/
google code seems to be the predominant place for open source android apps : http://code.google.com/hosting/search?q=label:android
you can install f-droid to get a market-style repository of free and open source android apps : http://f-droid.org/
can not find any directories that specialize in open source apps , but you could do worse than a simple search on one of the regular app directories ( like this or this ) otherwise , i would say your wikipedia list looks like a pretty good source .
usb debug mode is used by developers to test their apps . if they connect using usb debug mode , they will get debug information about how their app is working on the device .
an android device in " mass storage " mode behaves just like a usb flash drive : it presents itself as an block device that can be mounted ( i.e. " used" ) by the host pc . just like an usb stick does . additionally " usb debug mode " can be enabled , which creates a new usb endpoint for the android debug bridge ( adb ) . this allows an user to get in-deep access to the connected android device and furthermore it allows the debugging of apps . this is the reason why you should never attach an android device with debug mode enabled to an untrustworthy pc . as usb is able to provide more then one endpoint per usb device , this " services " , mass storage and adb , can be used simultaneously .
normally you just tilt the device . on my samsung galaxy s , you should also have rotation enabled ( pull down the notification bar , it is the far right icon ) .
2g+3g is not recommended if you are in an area with spotty 3g coverage , as a radio switching back and forth will drain the battery much quicker . this is the major reason this widget option exists , to allow users to switch between 2g and 2g+3g on the fly .
when traveling with trains in germany "2g+3g " does not work for www for my phone . when setting to "2g only " i have a much better chance to get the www altough its very slow then but enough to read text .
if you choose 3g only , you have no connectivity if you are in an area where no 3g is available . with 2g+3g , the phone will fallback to 2g if it can not get a 3g connection .
closest thing i have been able to find is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.burningthumb.premiervideokioskhl=en video kiosk display a folder of videos , continuously and robustly in a loop . video kiosk was designed with android tv sticks in mind ( tested on mk808 and mk812 ) but also works with any android device that you want to use to display a continuous series of looping videos . video kiosk can used to run the big screen at a gym , shop , or anywhere where you need to run an unattended display , so you can be sure it will work simply and easily . the only thing other people need to know how to do is turn the tv on and off - video kiosk takes care of the rest . simply put your video files in a folder , launch video kiosk and pick the folder that contains the video . optionally enable the launch at startup option so that when the device is ( re ) started , video kiosk automatically launches and starts playing video .
that will most likely depend on the device , a generic answer valid for all of them cannot be given . for example , the samsung galaxy s2 specs give 32 gb as max , still some user was able to get a 64 gb card working ( see : 64gb sdxc cards in galaxy s2 ) . for some older devices , the 32 gb limit might be a fact , while again others might just have specified it to be " on the safe site " . tl ; dr : yes , it is device dependant , some devices have their limits .
have you tried considering a mutli-partition sd card ? there are a few tools like sdminste and partition wizard to help you create a dual partition setup on your sd card . you could create a small partition to store all your roms and updates , and a bigger partition for your user data . however , there is a slight problem wherein windows will only recognize the first partition . refer this well written guide on xda for a workaround .
i updated the software to 4.1.2 and the problem has gone :- ) i do not know if the bug has been fixed , or the process of upgrading has corrected the faulty state the phone was in . i will update this post if the problem comes back . . .
try pressing the back button when you get an incoming call - that usually makes the caller continue listening to a ringing tone but the ringing on your phone stops . pressing the reject / call end button will make the ringing stop as well as cut the call for the caller . if you had rather stop the ringing / vibration but still want to answer the call after a few seconds ( like walking out of a noisy room etc . ) , press any volume key on the side .
this sounds a lot like an issue with cache . while the apps themselves can be stored on the sd card , cache that they produce might not . as i do not know what apps you actually have , i can only advise you to at least try and delete cache from various apps , such as twitter , facebook etc . to delete cache , do as follows ( this is for android 4.3 ) : settings -> more -> application manager here you should be able to click in on every installed app , and delete their cache . beware , tho , for something like calender and alarm clock apps , any set up serviced from them might reset ! this should not , however , delete the app itself .
i have had this same problem . to fix it i did the following : uninstall facebook , wipe dalvik cache via recovery , reinstall facebook , reboot device , sign in to facebook .
try switching back to dalvik --> install facebook --> switch back to art . it is working fine for me , i just happened to have installed it before switching to art
viber support page mentions this : removing participants from a group participants cannot remove other participants from a group . each participant can choose to exit the group at any time . so it seems like your only choice is to exit the group and start a new one .
as already said by izzy , autoruns manager is the best . just disable unwanted receivers . additionally , here are some others tips : say no to widgets install android firewall . disable internet access to unwanted apps
well , if you are an advanced user , i would recommend rooting your device . the tegra 2 is brick-proof , so you have nothing to fear . the xda forums can help you with rooting and whatnot . but , if you have several apps that are simultaneously running services or processes , well , that is exactly your problem ! i use fast reboot to clean up excessive processes . it is also noteable that task manager applications can cause the sort of problem your talking about . as of android 2.2+ task managers are obsolete - android handles task management for you . for managing startup applications , you can use startup manager . you can also see which applications are burning the most battery under your battery settings ! this has helped me to find applications that are running rogue processes they should not be running .
there are a bunch of tutorials around on the net on how to increase performance of your android device ( e . g . on lifehackers here and here ) . one thing to definitely keep your fingers away from are so-called " boosters " and ( automated ) task-killers . as rm-vanda already stated , they make things only worse ; tasks should only be killed if they misbehave ( e . g . are hanging , running havoc while eating your cpu and the like ) . android manages its ram fine , no need to worry about that . as for the auto-starters , i can recommend autorun manager , which is actively maintained and simply the best of all i tried ( and i tried a lot ) . to figure out what is consuming your ressources , a good candidate helping you would be system tuner . while the free version simply lets you monitor activity life , the pro-version also offers background-monitoring and stores its data for later analysis . some other steps you could perform include : from time to time , clean up caches ( to remove old data and get back precious internal memory ; helping apps in this segment include cache clear , quick cache cleaner , cachecleaner ng , and android system cleaner - the latter taking care for more things than just cache moving some rarely used apps to sd ( if they do not have widgets you are using ) saves additional internal space . uninstall unused apps
ok i feel incredibly stupid now . i had entered the sim card upside-down ( the " cut corner " was looking " down " instead of " up" ) . once i rotated the card 180 degrees on the z axis everything seems to be dandy . in my defense i must say that the the i9000 sim port does not enforce the " correct " sim position in any way ; it has a small engraving that i just did not see when removing the card the first time , and that is all . but the card fits both ways . i will close this question as soon as i am able to .
how are you " evoking " this functionality ? video conferences do no appear from the ether . try a video conferencing app , perhaps -- like qik , fring , or yahoo ! messenger .
there have been reported problems with qik on the galaxy tab , particularly no option to start a chat . try to download something from vcast apps or try oovoo . sorry for not giving any links but i am on my droid and my latest cm update is acting crazy closing my browser w/o warning .
as matt mentions , you can long-press the home button to see the 6 or 8 most recent apps . i have also seen itching thumb suggested here before . as matt also mentions , there are task manager apps . one is advanced task killer ( or advanced task killer froyo even ) which can be configured to switch to the open app rather than killing it . btw , if you search for whether you should use atk to kill apps , you will see a lot of advice telling you it is not needed for froyo . i had not heard of atk froyo until now , so i do not know what makes it different than the original atk .
long pressing on the home button will bring up the six most recently accessed apps and you can switch them . how many stay in the memory depends on your phone and the size off the app . android keeps all opened apps in the memory until it needs space . there are countless apps that show what apps are running in your memory . search the market for " app manager " or " task manager " . one i particularly like is smart bar .
my personal solution would be to use widgetlocker and put a widget on the lockscreen , such as the built-in ics calendar widget . but that is just me : )
it can not be done from a application 's code ( background service or thread or whatever ) . reason is well described in this post , http://debuggingisfun.blogspot.com/2014/03/android-foolproof-low-memory-killer.html
rom toolbox pro by jrummy has built-in oom manager .
on xda i found a post discussing how to pin an app to not get killed by oom . as your question indicates your device is rooted , this could be useful for you . the principle described there can be applied to your case as well by simply changing the oom_adj value specified ( the -17 would permanently pin it , highest prio -- so use a larger value to " weaken " that ) . the script snipped posted there looks like this : #!/system/bin/sh sleep 60 PPID=$(pidof com.estrongs.android.safer) echo "-17" &gt; /proc/$PPID/oom_adj  now , as said , replace the -17 by your chosen value . also replace the app 's package name ( com.estrongs.android.safer ) by the package name of your target app . you can also lower the sleep value , or even ommit the sleep at all . now you need a way to auto-execute this as soon as your app is running . for this part , you could e.g. use tasker : context would be " app running " ( and your app selected ) , and the task " run shell " , with above script as parameter . then , as soon as you start your app ( and it comes to foreground ) , tasker would execute the script -- and the oom_adj value should be applied .
there are multiple things which can be done : device encryption ( to assure all your data is stored encrypted ) install anti-theft software ( to track and , if necessary , remote-wipe a lost device ) activate google 's device manager on your device ( and make sure it works , as it not always does ) to photograph the " perpetrator " , you might want to take a look at ☆ gotya ! face trap ! , which fires at failed logins ( but requires a front-facing camera to do so ) : one of the most well known anti-theft solutions is e.g. included with lookout security and antivirus , but the playstore offers a lot of alternatives to this . for keeping a copy of your important data off-device , you might use some cloud synchronization service ( or a similar thing to sync with your own machine ( s ) at home ) . when storing data in the cloud , you might prefer using encryption ; wuala is one possible solution which encrypts your data before it is transfered into the cloud .
unless your phone have two sim card slots , support as you require is not possible . the market has adapters which goes into the existing sim card slot of phone and will help you to switch between sims after shutdown . the only advantage of using this instead of swapping sims by conventional way is to keep both sims together with phone and reduce wear and tear on the sim slot . samsung and other manufactures have dual sim phones which have two sim slots and the phone can be configured accordingly for usage . having said that , watch out for terminologies like dual active , dual standby . unfortunately confusion prevails even in manufacturer 's web sites . so , to be sure try the behaviour before you buy . you can read about these in the wikipedia .
this will remove all data like contacts and images stored in phone memory , apps with their saved data etc . but you will be able to use you phone . 1 ) press volume down key + power key simultaneously keep pressing until android symbol appears ( triangle box ) . 2 ) leave the keys . 3 ) press ( volume up ) button for menu options to appear . 4 ) select ( wipe data/ reset factory ) option . 5 ) press power key to select the chosen option . this will make the phone as it was , when you first took it out from the box .
there is a timer included in the standard clock since android 4.2 . however , you can not store your timers with that one .
until android 4.2 there is no stock countdown timer , with android 4.2 there will be one . some alternative interfaces like touchwiz ( samsung devices ) have added a countdown timer for a long time , but stock android ( aosp ) had this first in 4.2 .
i have downloaded the free kitchentimer from googleplay that is available for android 2.1 and up . it has 3 independant timers that can give an alert sound and/or vibrate after the timer has finished .
there is not a countdown app built in to android , but there are a ton to choose from on the android market .
i have the htc amaze , my android version is 4.0.3 . it has a timer built into the clock screen tabs . so it may be dependent on your phone itself , not just the android version .
there is definitely a built-in stopwatch for android ( htc ) 4 . with my old android 2.3 , i used " stopwatch and countdown timer " . it seems complex , but it works well .
you could do this with picasa . simply create an upload account for the photographer , ( you could then upload from your computer or directly from your phone ) and choose to share the album or individual pictures with the viewer ( s ) via private link .
building cyanogenmod requires developers tools and knowledge in actually converting the program source into binary code designated for your selected device/handset . installing cyanogenmod is just putting the actual zip of the rom onto the sdcard and flashing it via clockworkmod recovery which performs the install and prepares the environment on next reboot , this is somewhat , a once-off operation , unless you are into flashing roms on a regular basis .
no replacing possible . factory reset will clean all apps and data . the only possibility is re installing . next time backup your apps and data .
i expect an app like tasker or locale could do this . there look to be some apps that can do this for you . a quick perusal of the appbrain market found this : htc 911 roaming assistant
just go to flight mode or remove the sim card when you are on roaming .
microsoft has a workaround for nokia phones related to the domain issue -- i have not tried it yet , but it might be worth a shot -- nokia set-up • some nokia devices cannot accept an empty domain field during set-up . during set-up , enter at least a space and then after saving the profile , return to the " credentials " section under " options " to clear the " domain " field for the set-up to succeed .
instead of using windows live mail setup , use exchange active sync setup when setting up a new email . it will give you option to sync both calendar and contacts . it just worked for me .
http://windowsteamblog.com/windows_live/b/windowslive/archive/2010/08/30/hotmail-now-supports-push-email-calendar-and-contacts-with-exchange-activesync.aspx
i would recommend rooting the phone and installing a custom rom without sense .
forcing external sd mount away from /mnt/sdcard has no technical merit , it is google 's way of helping hardware vendors to create a differentiation point for phones with more internal memory . there is no reason why applications have to find a way to locate the external card when /mnt/sdcard was clearly the place the sdcard should have been and google 's undefined way of loading external sd card is another less than consumer friendly plot to make external sd card less useful in newer android devices . there is no reason why /data and /mnt/sdcard had to be merged into the same partition on newer version of android except for manufacturer to differentiate phones with larger internal memory from lower cost units with less internal memory . even if the merge had to be done , google could have clearly defined a standard new mounting point for the external sd cards instead of leaving it completely vague . this is completely working against preventing further " segmentation " of the android eco-system by a clumsy design to help vendor differentiation of higher end phones against lower cost units with less built-in memory . android app binaries are tiny , phones with 1-2 gigs of internal memory should have way more than enough space for hundreds of apps , and all the large data could be safely tucked way on an external sd card . but then vendors realized they had to have a way to differentiate their higher end product , and claiming a higher internal memory become part of that scheme and crippling the usefulness of external memory is the other integrated part this scheme required for this to work fully hence the less helpful api to find external sd cards and the unstandardized mounting points . so : no , mounting sd card at a place other than /mnt/sdcard is nothing but a business strategy for selling higher priced new phones under newer version of android , nothing more than that . just imagine , if the nexus 4 8gb and nexus 16gb can both use 64gb of external sd card for application and media , is there a reason for anyone to buy the 16 gb version ? that extra 8 gb of nand memory is not surely not worth $50 price difference if external sd cards are involved . since most components in a smart phone pretty much has to be the same ( ram , processor , radios ) , the only area left for more profit margin is the internal memory space , and hence the weird external memry mounting point . also has everyone also noticed the absence of external sd support from current crop of " google " branded android devices ? this trend will keep expanding in " top tier " android devices . external sd card support was a key differentiation for android devices to overtake iphone 's dominance in mobile market . now with android ruling supreme in the numbers game , there is little need for this profit sapping practice to be up kept for much longer . i will not be surprised by android 5.0 , the external sd card support would be a thing of the past . because if it is hard to apps to find externals sd card , then most program will just simply use the known /data and /mnt/sdcard locations , with most apps use more and more stored data for its operation , a vibrant product mark up strategy is created out of " thin air " simply by not mount external sd card at /mnt/sdcard .
you should be aware ( if rooted ) you can go into /system/etc/vold . fstab and swap the mount points for /sdcard and /mnt/external_sd . . . . this will allow your sdcard to be on /sdcard as you expect and the remaining " internal storage " will be mounted on /mnt/external_sd or if you prefer /sdcard/external_sd/
the reason is the history of android : the first generation of android devices only had a small amount of internal storage ( around 100-400mib ) which was mounted under /data . next , devices with a , at that time external , sd-card came out . the sd card was mounted under /mnt/sdcard . after that , devices with large internal storage came on the market . this storage was portioned , because /mnt/sdcard had become the default place for big data chunks from apps , pictures and such . so the android environment had to have a /data and /mnt/sdcard directory . therefore one partition was for /data , the other for /mnt/sdcard . this is the reason why you storage space could become low ( the /data partition ) even if there is plenty of space on /mnt/sdcard . this situation was improved with android 3.0: /data and /mnt/sdcard are now pointing to the same partition . good job google , that could have been done versions ago . which is also the reason why app2sd is no more needed on android 3.0 or higher : you would only move the data within the same volume . now we come to the answer if your question : since /mnt/sdcard is already mounted on the internal storage , an external sd-card has to use a different mount point . and this mount point is not specified by google . it could be /mnt/sdcard/ext_sd /mnt/external /mnt/extSdCard /mnt/sdcard/external_sd etc . the api call getExternalStorageDirectory() usually points to the internal storage directory . this behavior is documented . there are open source projects that provide tools to find the external sd-card directory in a canonical way .
op here . i used the info here to fix another ( relevant , if i remember correctly ) problem i had , then reinstalled the drivers , rebooted , set the phone to " camera ( ptp ) " mode , and let windows do it is " installing drivers " thing . it works now .
the gpsfix app is known for this kind of spam ( see its comments on the playstore ) , even antivirus/antimalware apps classify it as adware ( taken from those comments , again ) . hence , my recommendation is : optionally post a comment on the playstore to warn other users uninstall that app delete that icon ( do not " start " it , as you cannot know where it takes you -- it might introduce more problems ) these kind of trouble-makers are no unknowns . please see the questions tagged malware to find similar reports . the playstore has enough replacement apps not offering those " unwanted side-effects " ( take e.g. a look at gps status and toolbox ) . so no need to shed any crocodile tears over that one app : )
this is a known issue with the market / apps accounts . i believe google has upgraded some apps accounts to allow market purchases , but if yours has not been upgraded then i believe you are out of luck and should create a regular google account to use with the market .
steps i have used in the past for this kind of issue : check your usb cable - some are no good for data . ( this is frequently the issue when my computer can not see my phone ) reboot everything you say the drivers are not installing - what is the issue there ? try manually installing the drivers .
magnetometer reports the magnetic strengths on the three axes of the phone . can work as compass , metal detector and can also be used to increase mapping accuracy .
the magnetometer measures magnetic field , so it can do anything a magnetometer can do . other than compass , the magnetometer can be used as a metal detector for instance .
the official google+ app requires android 2.1 or newer , and as the market share for 1.6 and older is now vanishingly small , and getting smaller by the day ( at time of writing the combined market share of 1.5 + 1.6 is 3.6% ) it is unlikely to be modified to work on older oss . similarly unless there is a dev who is also stuck on 1.6 himself and desperate to use google+ , a market share like that is barely worth most devs efforts to create a 3rd party app if there is features in newer platform versions that would make things easier for them . your best bet is to use the web interface at http://google.com/+ as the google+ for mobile page specifically states that that is compatible with android 1.5 and up .
mhhh . . . this is gonna be impossible / tricky . . . i would say : a ) check if you have any custom rom developed for your phone ( cyanogen and co ) so you can upgrade not officially your android version b ) wait for seesmic and similar application to support google+ and use one of those c ) use the web version ( but i suppose you do not like it ) if you give further information about your android i will try to be much more specific : )
you have 2 main options : 1 ) use web based google+ through your browser 2 ) or , root your phone and put a custom rom that has android v2.1 or higher . if you are willing to do the latter , then google around or search here on http://forum.xda-developers.com find your device in the master list , and try to find root and rom instructions there . chances are , if you have a g1 , my touch , cliq or any of the old devices , you will find instructions on how to get a 2.1+ rom happy rooting ! : )
lars aronsson over at androinica seems to think you can using an app called silent boot ( though others disagree ) . also suggested is android assistant which is supposed to automatically turning down the system volume before the phone power cycles . i have not tried any of them personally - give ' em a try , ymmv .
i am not familiar with that particular distribution . however , in general unless the build you installed contains the " google experience " apps ( or if there is a separate market package for it , ) you will not be able to use the official android market front-end to send apps to your virtual device . there are some alternate markets , such as amazon appstore , getjar , slideme , etc . most will require you to download and install their own market app in order to get other apps . if you already have apks of the apps , you should be able to side-load them either via adb shell ( from android sdk ) , or via the bundled package installer by executing the apk from the storage area with some sort of a file system browser ( if included with the build . )
i do apologize if i misunderstood your question , but if you just want to be able to install apps from the play store , you could use a free online service called evozi . it lets you download apks directly from the play store . you can install the app by opening the app package in your emulator . keep in mind however , that you would have to update the apps manually using this method . the only way to let apps auto update is by using a market app installed on your emulator .
you can only get google play apps on officially supported devices , which have the google play infrastructure pre-loaded . if you have an emulator , an overview of how to do this : install a " pirate " copy of the google apps from goo . im modify your build . prop so that you have a " supported " device linked to your account ( app developers will choose devices to officially support , so this may be per-app )
either you can use a root browser like es explorer or even easier is to add a folder on sd denoting what you wish to use it for ie . ringtone , alarm , ui , notification
add a folder named ' ringtones ' to your sd card . add your ringtone files to that folder . in the same manner add folders named ' notifications ' , ' alarms ' etc
i think bis was automatically syncing your blackberry contacts to google server . when you added google account to your android , it automatically imported all your contacts from google server .
this may be slightly different on a gs4 but give this a try and let me know if you run into any issues : -go to setting -> apps -> web browser ( chrome , firefox whatever browser you are using ) -clear cache -clear data and if that does not work : uninstall and reinstall .
navigation has always been a part of the google maps application . the icon was essentially a convenience shortcut , but not a separate app , and was removed around july 2013 in the maps 7.0 update . it is possible you still had the old version of maps on your other rom . either that , or the rom author added some kind of shortcut " app " to re-create the old navigation icon or something of that nature . if you want to use your phone to navigate somewhere , open google maps and type the address in the search bar , then hit the button in the bottom right ( the exact text/icon may vary depending on distance ) . if you really want the separate navigation icon , you could possibly downgrade to a version of maps earlier than 7.0 . a custom launcher could also let you create a shortcut directly to the navigation activity on your desktop , but probably not in the app drawer . apex launcher , for example , can create a shortcut on your home screen by long pressing on an empty space on one of your home screens , then selecting Shortcuts -&gt; Activities -&gt; Maps -&gt; Navigation .
all google services are accessible via ipv6 , since june 6 , 2012 . and yes , i have tried it myself . my own android is on ipv6 .
this is usually caused by plugging the usb cable into a usb 1.0 port on your pc instead of a usb 2.0 or usb-superspeed port . although they all look the same , and the usb protocol is backwards-compatible , usb 1.0 is much slower , and most pcs tend to have both varieties . try plugging the usb cable into a different usb socket on your pc .
dbm = ( 2 × asu ) - 113 asu in the range of 0-31 and 99 ( for not known or not detectable ) .
the official issue database for bugs/features/etc . of the android os can be found here . copied from bryan denny 's answer to another question .
the sync option only controls whether changes are synchronized to and from that device : that is , if you add or delete a contact on the device , this change is reflected on other devices , and vice-versa . disabling sync just means the contacts that have already been synced to the device will get out of date when you change them . to control which contacts are shown , you need to go into the people app , then choose contacts to display from the overflow menu ( the three-dots in the top-right corner ) . then choose customise from the contacts to display dialog , and you can choose which groups of contacts from which accounts to show . when you create a new contact , you can choose from the menu at the top which google account to create it in ( or to keep it on the phone only ) . it remembers your previous selection , so if you only want to use one account , you only need to set it once .
i do not know of an app that shows just the non-game apps , but i thought i would weigh in since you have not received any answers yet . the best approach depends on what you are trying to accomplish . if you are looking for new apps to download , the featured apps are not often games ( since they are covered in their own page ) . if you are browsing for apps , you could do it by category .
how can i make my phone not fill up my phone agenda with my email contacts ? you can set it to only display contacts with phone numbers if that helps . in the contacts app , check the option : menu-> display options-> only contacts with phones
i am not sure how this works on morotola defy ( moto is known to replace the stock apps with their own versions ) , but in standard android installation ( 2.1 and above ) you can pick which groups are displayed in the dialer/contacts apps . launch the contacts app , then go to menu -> display options . under the " choose contacts to display " section , expand your google account and you should be able to un-check any group , which will hide its contacts .
my motorola droid 2 ( vzw ) has a similar problem . my contacts menu has a " display group " option . this shows several options : create a new group all contacts favorites user created groups facebook contacts google contacts phone contacts as you can see there is no way to specify google contacts that are not " other contacts " except to create my own groups . unfortunately whatever group i show does not become the default group that shows every time i open contacts . i have decided to solve the problem just by using workarounds . for the couple people i call the most i have widgets on the home screen to call that specific person . ( long press home screen -> motorola widgets -> contact quick tasks ) for the next tier of people ( i will call them more than once in a while ) i just use favorites . either long press home screen -> shortcuts -> dialer -> favorites . . . or just hit the call button and choose the favorites tab . when i have to resort to the full contacts listing i just start typing the person 's name and that narrows the list to a manageable size .
your phone seems to be a bit older as it runs android 2.3 - therefore i assume it does not support any faster wlan connection than 54mbit . hence the theoretical maximum would be 54mbit = 6.75 mbyte/sec but only if you have just a router and a phone . with your pc in the network each device gets less than that . depending on the network protocol used you also lose a lot of speed . smb/cifs as used by windows shares is very ineffective . better use ftp protocol and suitable client for the best speed . if that does not improve the performance i would suggest using an sd-card in and sd-card reader directly attached via usb 2.0 to your pc .
i have the same issue on google nexus 10 . and i have recently find out that this happens only in es file explorer . i have downloaded movie using google chrome and the speed was 7 000 kbps , but the same file from the same site through es exp - &lt ; 500 kbps . . .
you have lost the efs file that contains the serial number
this looks like you have a tablet with sim lock . you have to unlock your tablet to use another sim card ( or a sim card from another provider ) . you have to contact the provider which has sold the tablet for the first time .
no more unwanted unlock screen . something might have been wrong with the firmware .
if you like it the phone is rootable via vroot . i have tested it for myself and it works . just remember to replace the super user app with an english one after rooting . sorry i forgot the link . here it is http://vrootdownload.info/vroot.zip if adb drivers bothers you , use pda net http://pdanet.co/a/ sorry again one more thing , i honestly do not think that erodov . com method works . i failed to get it right on any device , but that trick of editing system files without root is great for changing the boot animation or installing sinhala fonts without busting the warranty
steps taken from http://www.erodov.com/forums/how-root-any-android-device-manually/43325-page2.html . many thanks to the author of that post . to verify adb is properly installed and that your device is recognized run adb devices  copy busybox , su , superuser . apk to /data/local/tmp/ using adb . these files are available in the superoneclick zip file . copy the needed files to the phone using the following commands adb push busybox /data/local/tmp adb push su /data/local/tmp adb push Superuser.apk /data/local/tmp  run adb shell adb shell  set the permissions to the copied files chmod 6755 /data/local/tmp/su chmod 755 /data/local/tmp/busybox chmod 644 /data/local/tmp/Superuser.apk  turn off your android device using the power button . now you need to reboot your computer into a linux distro which has a file manager . when you have booted into linux , open up terminal and open the file browser as root . now put your android device into download mode . for innos a35 press and hold the volume up and down keys at the same time for a while ( 5 seconds ? ) and while holding them plug in the phone to the usb port of the computer . now , a few drives will be detected from your phone and shown in the computer . this means you are in download mode . navigate to the folder where you copied files to the phone and verify that you have the files you sent to the device viz . su , busybox and superuser . apk move/cut-paste su and busybox to /bin/ move/cut-paste superuser . apk to /app/ now pull out the battery from your android device . now simply turn on your device . you must now have root . verify by running : adb shell su  read more : http://www.erodov.com/forums/how-root-any-android-device-manually/43325-page2.html#ixzz2s5wct78x
for posterity here 's what i did ( from memory , no guarantee the exact wording of the menu options will be the same ) : make sure you have android sdk installed and kindle drivers installed . open up devmgmt.msc ( device management window ) go to device tate-pvt-08 . right-click . click " update driver " . click " browse my computer for driver software " click " let me pick from a list of drivers on my computer " choose kindle fire 2 in the list that pops up . install adb composite driver . open up cmd with administrator privileges . go to sdk\tools in your android sdk . download http://fs1.d-h.st/download/00021/pv3/kf2_srt_10.2.3.zip ( kindle fire 2 images ) . unzip the file . follow the rest of http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2035047 .
it is perfectly normal for a device ( usualy import models from china ) to have a kernel version such as " kernel version-- 3.4.0 root@tom-desktop#1" etc . and this has nothing to do with " rooting " a device . if i am not mistaken the " tom-desktop " is the default hostname when building a kernel .
this is the entire purpose of the guardian project . follow their progress - they are working on applications at the moment but they are doing good work and they are attempting to make an android version with transparent encryption .
apps typically write to the application storage area which is located in the phone memory , not to the sd card . android 3 and later devices can perform encryption of the complete phone memory . in order to enable this feature , press settings -> security and there press encrypt phone . you must have a lock screen pin or password set up for this to work .
for anyone who stumbles upon this topic . motorola seems to offer a solution for full storage encryption of internal and sd card . link : https://motorola-enterprise.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/57094
as of july 2014 , i have found the following options for sd card encryption : boxcryptor - not open source ; developed by german company ; supports sync with cloud storage ; unclear if they have received a backdoor request cryptonite - open source ; supports mounting truecrypt volumes ; no backdoor request yet
" secureexchange " " com . data . secureexchange " is an application which encrypts/decrypts your private data
the samsung galaxy s has the ability to support a non standard filesystems . hacking a filesystem together with encryption should be possible but probably takes a lot of time and as far as i know isnt available off the shelf atm .
you have to remove the automatically added server " hermes . jabber . org " . just leave the field empty . see https://dev.guardianproject.info/issues/2803
yes and yes . http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=8035 i have not seen any resolution to this except changing the router 's ssid if you have access to it .
i do not think gingerbread has a built in gmail widget but take a look on the google play store . i found an example : " gmail inbox widget " that is compatible with gingerbread and there may be others . you could set up gmail in the default mail app and use it is widget but that sounds like a horrible work around to me . aqua mail - email app says it is compatible with 2.1 and up . i think this would be the same as using the default mail client on your phone ( setting up gmail in the app and using it as an email client ) but it does have an email widget . email widget looks like it will do what you want but it is not free . check to make sure it is compatible with your version of gmail before buying .
if you want to install whatsapp on a new phone , you have to make a backup on the old phone , then copy the whatsapp directory on the new phone , install whatsapp and when prompted choose to recover from existing backup . when you start the app for the first time the directory with the backup must already be there , otherwise you will not be prompted to recover .
yes . whatsapp messenger offers backup and restore options . you can backup your chats to an encryted file ( now * . db . crypt5 ) or restore chats from backup file back to your android . but restoring history from a backup would wipe your current chats with those in the backup . if you want to switch history from old phone ( backup file ) to a new phone , try a 3rd party tool named backuptrans android whatsapp transfer . it provides a simple way to merge chats between android phones . good luck !
finally , i was able to update the watch . this error persisted while i was staying in 3g-zone of local operator - unite ( moldova ) . ( i tried both - sharing 3g connection from the android phone and sharing 3g connection from router , in both cases update was failed with stacktrace above ) . as soon as i moved home to the fixed ethernet network i was able to proceed with update . in the same time , it was quite hard to proceed with installing update after it was actually downloaded . the " yes " button in the prompt " do i want to install update " was clickable , but there happened nothing on click . finally , after restarting and unknown action from me i was able to make update . i am happy now . : ) so , try to move to other internet provider and try to update there .
go into the gmail app . from the overflow menu ( the three dots in the corner ) , choose settings . in the settings window , choose the gmail account you are using . ( if you have more than one account , do the following for each in turn . ) notifications is the third option down . turning it off will disable mail notifications . in general , you should look for a notification setting inside the app first , and use the settings app 's show notifications option as a last resort for apps that will not behave . if you disable notifications within an app , it can save battery power by not creating the notification at all , and possibly by turning off some background syncing in that app . if you use android 's override , the app still fetches all the data and creates the notification , which wastes battery power when android throws the notification away . as a footnote , i guess that the reason you can not find gmail in the apps list is that you are looking in the list of downloaded apps . that list does not show apps that came with the phone . swipe right twice from that list to see the list of all apps , which includes gmail . you can also get to the app info quickly by long-pressing a notification from that app and clicking app info .
i found the solution . i had a xposed module named accountsectionremover active . my fault !
quick fix is Settings-&gt; apps-&gt; all apps-&gt; google maps-&gt; uninstall update
if your network is correctly setup , and both devices are on the same network then you can ping an android device just fine . i have just tested it on my office network . if your network administrator has configured the network such that devices can not ping each other , then obviously it will not work . similarly , it probably will not work if your phone is on mobile data , since most carriers do not allow incoming pings to devices on their network . connecting the device with usb makes no difference at all : pinging is a network operation , so it goes over the network connecting the two devices .
in case of smartphones i would be more worried about the physical security than malware . it is essential to have an application that allows you to locate the phone or at least remotely wipe all the data in case of robbery ( or when you simply forget it ) . i use wavesecure for that , but i am sure there are other alternatives ( feel free to add them in comments ) .
1 . do these applications runs all the time in the background also when i am not connected to wap or wifi ? that depends on the specific security application . 2 . in case you recommend to have such apps , which applications do you prefer ? i prefer being cautious in what i install , rather than having big brother watching over me . as a linux-based system , android have a very strong security base and the android framework on top of of it is very paranoid about security . android is -- for all practical purpose -- impermeable to worm-type virus . however , like any unix system , android does not protect you from you taking a gun and shooting your own foot . if you tell android to trust an application , android will trust the application ; if you give trust to the wrong application , do not blame the system for it . 3 . is it true that the more application i use i can mess up the whole android system like the registery in ordinary computers ) and it can lead to the whole device to malfunction or to be more slow ( like ordinary computer ) ? if you are installing many applications that starts background services , then yes , it can slow down the system . applications that are not running does not affect the speed of the system . 4 . according to question 3: what can i do to secure my system ? do i have some option to restore the whole android system if it will get massed up and bugy in the future . there is a bunch . there is a factory reset on Settings &gt; Privacy &gt; Factory data reset . if you buy the phone from your carrier , they usually can reflash your phone with original rom . on rooted phones , you can make a nandroid backup . on custom roms , you can make a clockworkmod recovery backup . on many phones you can download and flash 3rd party or leaked original roms by yourself .
it might be possible with android 4.4.2 kitkat since they enabled the card emulation feature . refer to the documentation will help .
generally no , unfortunately android phones can not be used as a card easily as phones running the stock os can not emulate a card . this is due to restrictions put in place by the android operating system rather than the underlying hardware . see also this and this where i have answered other similar questions . saying that it depends on what you are using as an rfid timeclock . if you were making your own then you could use android 's nfc peer-to-peer mode to talk to the clock . another alternative is instead of using the stock android os is to use cyanogenmod which does allow for emulating certain card types .
the only way of doing this is recompiling adb as explained here : http://rxwen.blogspot.com/2009/11/adb-for-remote-connections.html you can also use the precompiled binaries from that site . .
this is a bug in the current implementation . although adb has the -a flag , it does not forward it to the daemon when it launches it , so the daemon still only listens on localhost . until this is fixed , launching the daemon in the foreground seems to be the only solution . another improvement would be to keep the command server on localhost , but to allow adb forward to bind to all ports . i guess i should open a bug for that .
kernel panic when a kernel panic occurs all user space programs are immediately stopped , preventing a user from detecting the cause of the panic : logcat ; dmesg and /proc/kmsg will do you no good . you can still check the /data/dontpanic/ folder for any files present , like : apanic_console or apanic_threads kernel boot method of logging kernel messages : invoke " dmesg": see it as it happens : # adb shell dmesg  direct to a file on your sdcard and see it later # adb shell dmesg &gt;/mnt/sdcard/dmesg.txt  " tail " the kernel if " syslogd " and /var are available : # adb shell cat /proc/kmsg  dump the kernel file /proc/kmsg: # adb shell cat /proc/kmsg  note : you may need to issue su to gain permissions over some files if you are stuck with an error message . alternatively , removing shell from the command will execute it on the computer side , not on the phone . references stackoverflow answer from eldarerathis to " can i get logcat logs after phone reboots ? " bootloader how to get kernel messages from android ? flashmyandroid how to get logcat and dmesg outputs for trouble shooting ! stackoverflow android : how to get kernel logs after kernel panic ? stackoverflow shutdown log in android
i found windows 7 bluetooth lacking so i bought a third party package and have no problem using windows 7 bluetooth with my android devices . the package was by blue soleil
apparently , google now uses the " my calendars " section of google calendars . when my wife 's calendar was shared with me , i was granted " make changes and manage sharing " rights . this puts the calendar into " my calendars " for both users ' calendars . when i changed it to " make changes to events " on my wife 's sharing tab , the calendar moves from " my calendars " to " other calendars " for my account and i no longer get notifications in google now for that calendar .
instead of synchronizing her calendar to your phone , try setting her calendar " shared " and then subscribing to it from your own google calendar . when you subscribe , i believe you can set it to not pull in the reminders .
you can also assign your custom application to search+key : [ source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=26105269postcount=3 ] must be using either nova or apex launcher long press on home screen and select shortcuts select activities ( for whichever launcher you are using nova or apex ) scroll down and select settings scroll down and select quick launch ( the first one ) and it should create the shortcut icon on your desktop
the factory reset failed to format /data ( and thus most likely left the old encryption in place ) . having formatted /data manually , the factory reset finally could complete successfully , and the new version of cyanogenmod showed up .
another solution - you can try my mini-application for such situation ( built it for myself and uploaded it to google play ) . it is just like shortcut for real people app : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gatherer.contactslaunch
on the forum of xda developers , an unofficial version of lbe is available . it works very well on 4.1.1 and 4.1.1 , at least on my galaxy nexus , and people on the forum are enthusiastic about it too . many people are using it . i appears to be the chinese version , which is still under active development and up to date , but translated by volunteers on xda . highly recommended . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1422479
as the " what is new " section says it is been updated for jelly bean , this looks promising : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.stericson.permissionshl=en i have never tried it , but assuming you are rooted , this guy 's apps are usually good .
assuming that dropbox is not blocked , then maybe a note-taking or todo type app that syncs with dropbox could help ? for instance epistle or todo . txt touch alternately do you have wifi at work that your phone can connect to ? you could use the wifi keyboard app that lets you type or paste from the pc straight into whatever text box is currently active on the phone . there are also apps that do the same over bluetooth if that is a better option ( though i have not personally used them ) . see this previous answer for some similar connectivity options .
you might want to look at clipbird . it can sync clipboards between your pc and your phone . you do not really need to do anything special , it will just sync them up .
you need evernote ! http://www.evernote.com/ they have a web interface and an android app . it is really pretty fantastic !
the easiest way to do this is probably to use titanium backup . if you long press on a system app in the list it will give you the option to " convert to user app " . conversely , you can long press on a user app and " convert to system app " as well . note , though , that some system apps will not function well as user apps because their permissions may be restricted . most of the apps you seem to be considering specifically will probably not have issues , i would imagine , though google talk actually might since it is somewhat tied into the market ( not sure ) . further , titanium will allow you to directly uninstall a system app if you want to , without having to first convert it to a user app . all of the above requires that you have rooted your phone .
short answer : yes , it is possible . different techniques can be used for this purpose ( some of them are described e.g. in andrew hoog 's book android forensics : investigation , analysis and mobile security for google android ) . it especially gets easy when usb debugging is turned on . long answer : please forgive me if i do not give this . just a hint : there are exploits , and there are custom recovery images . . .
remove true caller or similar app from ur cell , restart the phone it will be ok . . . tried my self .
i have found no hard evidence for or against it , it is basically down to the bluetooth stack implementation . the bt stack needs to weigh power consumption vs availability requirements for the operation it assumes the user wants to perform , so it attempts to turn off both transmit and receive circuits whenever possible . the ideal case is when two devices are connected , and neither expects any other devices to show up ; being " connected " means that the devices have synchronized clocks and agreed on duty cycles . for an idle headset , it is totally acceptable if it listens for a short period once every second , as the user is unlikely to answer the phone any faster ; if there is work to be done , the phone will send a packet instructing the headset to keep its receiver on . going to connected state from power-on is more difficult , as you have two devices trying to minimize the duty cycles on their transceivers while they still need to find each other ( and cannot assume synchronized clocks yet ) . how devices behave now largely depends on how much power they have available and what their purpose is . a headset will assume that it is being turned on in reach of a phone that it is paired with , so it will listen continuously if one of the devices in its pairing list speaks up ; if so , it will reply with a connection setup packet ; after a few seconds , it generally gives up and goes to a low-power mode , assuming that it was turned on inadvertently ( e . g . in a handbag ) . a car hands-free set has lots of power available , so it can listen and actively probe for paired devices continually . being " discoverable " only means that certain broadcast packets are replied to if they are received ; otherwise , only unicast packets directed at the device are considered . this setting is technically independent from the power policy , but these are often set together by a middle layer responding to an ui request .
device in discoverable mode does drain more power . the following thread will help you : turning bluetooth " discoverable " on .
i believe the only way to stop the ota notifications for good is to unlock/root the handset and install fotakill . apk to the /system/app/ directory . the version of this app for froyo can be found within the gapps package . you might also need to " fake " your phone 's signature by modifying the /system/build . prop file and altering the ro.build.... lines , so that they match the latest os version . on my nexus one ( it is rooted and running cyanogenmod 7 ) these are the relevant entries : in either case you will need to root your n1 .
go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync , select your corporate ( exchange ) account , and uncheck sync calendar .
the root method in the link is not compatible with android 4.0.4 . before you root - be sure you know what you are doing . to root the lucid 4g on 4.0.4 you can try the following method : http://theunlockr.com/2013/06/16/how-to-root-the-lg-lucid-4g-bin4ry-method/ but choose " xperia root by cubeundcube " instead of " normal mode "
it seems that ics does not have native support for wma files . you can use an app like mx player ( or its pro version ) to play wma files .
a bit of a workaround , but . . . if the music ( . wma ) files are part of your music library then you can sign up to google 's " play music " and upload all your library to the cloud ( 20,000 songs for free ) . the resulting streamed music appears to be in a format that the device can play . the " play music " app still can not play . wma files directly that are stored on your device . however , the streamed music is saved/cached and plays offline . the " music manager " that runs on your pc uploads all your music tracks ( . wma files ) to the cloud . however , it does not upload songs that are already in its music library . i thought this was maybe the key - that the same song already exists in a compatible format in google 's storage - but it works with any . wma file , even files i have recorded myself . edit : if i download a track , that was originally a . wma file , from my cloud library on the web then it downloads a . mp3 file . this is the same for all . wma files - even files i have recorded myself , so google must convert them .
no . it comes with a couple small booklets ( see this androidspin post for example images ) but not the full user guide . ( also see this howardforums post answering your question ) .
accuweather has two apps that give you " realfeel " - accuweather and accuweather quick .
the samsung n5110 is the galaxy note 8 . the " espresso10wifi " is a galaxy tab 2 10.1 ( your device ) . it is not flashing because you are flashing the wrong file for your device .
considering you are running the samsung stock ics go to " settings " then " bluetooth " , turn your bluetooth on , click the menu button ( the one left of the home button ) and click " device name " . then edit your device name .
the crack in the glass itself can not cause the kind of problem you are describing , but it is possible that it is not just the glass that is cracked , but the touchscreen sensor . this looks like a thin , transparent plastic film under the glass . if this is damaged , it could be causing a power short or sending bad signals to the rest of the phone hardware , causing it to fail during startup . in short , from what you have described there is no way to know for sure whether replacing the touchscreen will fix the problem . an experienced phone technician might be able to examine the electrical signals and determine if the touchscreen is still working , but that is probably harder and more expensive than simply replacing it to see if it fixes it . that said , taking the phone apart to replace the screen might make it obvious by letting you see any physical damage to other internal components .
got it fixed :d with thanks to izzy and chahk i did a lot of things so i am not sure if i write down every step i took , but i hope it will help other users someday . this is what i did . restore manger install a restore manager ( twrp/clockworkmod ) . i used twrp which i installed by using windroid universal htc toolkit : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2499926 ( if you still have a working rom , backup this now by booting in recovery mode ) flash rom check in cmd if your device is recognized with " adb devices " . if not try " adb kill-server " followed by " adb usb " . check again with " adb devices " . if recognized use " adb push cm-10.2.1-enrc2b . zip /sdcard/" ( or your own rom-name . zip ) flash kernel now you should flash your kernel , not like how i did it at the beginning . " fastboot flash boot boot . img " in cmd . ( check first if your device is visible with " fastboot devices " . extra tip install playstore with gapps or manually by moving " gmscore . apk + googleloginservice . apk " + " googleservicesframework . apk " to /system/app/ and run a playstore . apk ( in my case " com . android . vending-4.6.16 . apk" )
some videos on youtube are not available to mobile devices . this restriction applies via the website ( when accessed through a mobile device ) as well as the youtube app . this happens when someone has filed a " copyright claim " against a video ( that is , they believe the video infringes their copyright , or " content id " matched the video against some copyrighted content , most likely the latter given that you are searching for a commercial music recording ) , and the alleged copyright-holder has told youtube to allow their content to be used on desktops but not on mobile . even if it is possible to work around this , it would probably be illegal for us to make this information available to us citizens , because that is circumventing a technological restriction under the meaning of the dmca . this applies regardless of whether the copyright claim is well-founded . you can get the actual song by buying a recording of it , or by downloading it through some music-pirating service .
i believe it is for displaying photos , videos , etc . uploaded by the contact on facebook , twitter , et al . edit : confirmed , it shows facebook photos uploaded by my contacts from facebook .
the closest i have found to what you are after is just using my phone in landscape mode , using the adobe app and pinch zooming in until the text fills the width of the screen . not sure what you mean about ' locks everything ' . perhaps you are referring to the fact that when you scroll the text it scrolls left/right ( unless you have robotic fingers which are capable of not moving left/right at all whilst scrolling vertically ) , which i find a little annoying .
ezpdf costs 1 dollar but is realy worth it you can lock the scroll from the menu - the zoom setting is automatically saved and you can go to the next page by pressing the small arrow on the lower right
ezpdf does exactly what you need . . . .
mantano reader does everything you want . it uses the same engine as adobe reader mobile ( adobe reader mobile sdk ) , so it is very fast even on arm v8 ( initial samsung galaxy tab ) . it has some problems with color saturation though .
the problem is with the individual files , not the app . if the file supports it , you can use the reflow text view in adobe reader which locks the width and allows you to zoom while still seeing the full width of the page . some files do not support this . others only support it to a certain level of zoom . apps that try to overide the docs settings can cause those inconsistencies you mentioned . i have found beam reader to be the most powerful pdf reader but my trial ran out and i was not willing to pay $10 for it .
use ezpdf . 1 ) make custom size 2 ) go to menu and press lock horizontal scroll ( will be locked until you will try to change zoom by double click or menu ) 3 ) check that you have " change page with vertical scroll " . therefore you have sized page as you need and you can scroll vertically tested on samsung i9100 galaxy s ii .
try vudroid . it is free software . ( i have issues with it on my pd novel as it seems to not like resistive screens , but it is fine on my phone . ) another option is droidreader which i have not tried .
in ezpdf , the " ln " means there is a link on the page , and the " sf " means you have horizontal scrolling locked ( i have no idea what the f actually stands for ) . those overlays annoy me too , so i am going to decompile the apk and remove that text . that should solve the problem !
the dev version of the apv pdf viewer ( apv-0.3.3dev01 ) can do exactly what you want .
ezpdf has an option to remove this overlay : bring up the popupmenu , tick settings . in the link section there is a checkbox marked " indicate link " . uncheck and the ln overlay is gone . version 1.9.5.3
i really find apv pdf viewer much better than all the famous readers . on top of that , it is open source ( google code project page ) .
dlna-enabled tvs , for example , can be used as an external monitor without hdmi or any cables . i want to show my large family my vacation pics on my phone but the screen is too small for all of them to see at once . my tv should be wi-fi enabled and dlna-certified and i should have a wireless router too , obviously . connect my phone and tv* to the same wifi network coming from the same router . using the brand appropriate " device media sharing " program ** on my phone and tv i connect them to each other . now i select the video , picture or music file to play and it will be play through my home wifi network to my tv and maybe vice versa . so everyone can enjoy at once . * the same can be done with a dlna enabled music player or anything . ** media appropriate app can be found by searching up on google or youtube or any other search engine .
you can stream from android device to tv movies , music , pictures . you can access content on dlna/upnp nas , win pc with windows media player , dlna set top boxes and playback it locally . you can control all upnp/dlna devices in local network from android device . i ' ve been using arkmc for year and half . more or less it does what i want it to do . and it is dlna certified .
this app from qualcomm uses dlna to play your media from your phone : http://www.appbrain.com/app/skifta-beta/com.skifta.android.app
an android phone with dlna should be able to both send and receive . my galaxy s uses an app called allshare to manage it , and there are others like 2player in the market . i am sure you could stream to your stereo .
usually a bug is exploited to temporarily get a chosen process running as root , that is used to remount the file system read write , either startup scripts are changed and/or suid binaries added , then the file systems are synced and remounted read only again and likely the device is rebooted . you do not normally want to have the system partition writable on an android device , even when rooted - you only make it writable on the rare occasions when you are changing it . edit-summary of comments : it appears that /system on this device is cramfs , an inherently read-only compressed file system . likely a modified image would need to be generated on a pc and then flashed . search result for dealing with this problem on rockchip based devices : http://www.androidtablets.net/forum/rockchip-based/439-how-unpack-repack-custom-firmwares-rockchip-rk28xx.html
turning the device off when you leave your car is possible : there are various apps , for example tasker , that can react to events on your phone , for example when the external power supply is switched off . also , there exists a command reboot -p that shuts the device down . ( but it needs root i think . ) tasker is able to run such a shell command , see here ( just ctrl+f for " run" ) . with this solution , whenever you switch off your car , the external power supply for the device will stop and your phone will power off . i do not know if there is a way to boot the phone with a command via usb if it is really switched off . if this is important for you , the best option is probably to just leave it on standby , as tomg suggested .
the " power " button on android tablets does not behave like that on a computer . it is really a control for whether the display is on or off , not the tablet , which is generally always on . you may be able to get what you want by setting the " stay awake while power is connected " setting under developer options , and setting the screen timeout to a short value under display settings ; if you connect the charging cable to a power source that goes on and off with the ignition , you should be good to go . if the standby time of your tablet is not enough to handle your typical time with the ignition off , you may want to use an app like tasker or locale to set additional rules , like turning wifi or cell connection off when the car 's power is off . if there is data you want to sync overnight , you could turn wifi on ( for example ) an hour before you leave for work . you may also want to disable the screen lock to minimize distractions while driving , but keep in mind the implication if you have any personal information on the tablet .
if the video is recorded , then it will be saved to your phone . but for your case , what i guess is that the video is not recorded .
check out a [ linux ] tool called foremost - that ought to do it .
have you checked if reconnecting the lcd cable solves the issue ?
looks like a damaged lcd that is slowly " leaking out . " overheating could definitely be the culprit , as could the drop . although damage from the drop is usually accompanied with a visible crack . most likely it was the combination of the two . the fact that the phone booted up and is ( sort-of ) functional leads me to believe that replacing the lcd assembly would fix it . there are plenty of replacements to be had on ebay for up to usd$100 . i would go for the ldc+digitizer combination , even though the glass itself looks intact . there are simply too many issues with properly separating lcd from the glass that could cause you to break both and spend even more money . it is definitely doable on your own , provided you have some basic tools . there are videos on youtube with great walkthoughs to help you along the way : probably most detailed ( even though it is not on gt-i9100 , but on other modification of sgs2 ) ; some others specifically on gt-i9100 . a guide at ifixit can be also helpful .
unfortunately there is no way to delete this info . i have accounts that were added and deleted from my device more than 2 years ago but the controll panel still lists my device .
i did not have my android with me right now to test , but with the android terminal emulator if you go to the menu , you might be able to use the " command line " or " initial command " option .
when adb shell is executed , the android side also launches adb which then executes /system/bin/sh - . this path is hard-coded in system/core/adb/services.c: if you want to change this to bash , you will have to recompile it . it is possible to execute some commands from file when running the interactive shell . as written in system/core/sh/main.c , sh - ( note the - for interactive mode ) reads from the following files ( in this order ) : /etc/profile .profile ( relative to current directory , this is /.profile for adb shell $ENV ( environment variable ENV should point to a file ) as /etc/ and / are read-only , the only way to get something loaded was by setting ENV . you can probably create a symlink from /etc/profile to /data/profile by mounting / read-write ( exercise for the reader ) .
you are in stock recovery , not cwm recovery . cwm recovery does not verify signatures . you either failed to install the recovery properly , or you need to hit " install packages " or similar from the stock recovery in order to get into cwm .
lookout free security anti-virus , anti-malware , anti-spyware backup contacts backup restore data to existing phone missing device find phone ( locate and scream ) support standard support paid ( $2.99/month or $29.99/year ) security block phishing and malicious websites protect your privacy with privacy advisor backup photo , call history backup transfer data to new phone missing device remote wipe remote lock support premium support avg free security scan whole device and identify and remove viruses with a simple click automatic scans can be run weekly , daily , or on demand check apps for malware before downloading from app stores check web content , emails , and sms for malware before downloading to device theft protection locate lost or stolen device using gps create and display onscreen message remotely lock device and wipe content manage applications remotely sms spam protection basic protection from sms spammers paid ( $9.99 one time charge ? ? ? ) premium sms security all text messages checked for malicious content and spam in real time text message spam blocked at source vip support anti-virus pro customers receive premium level support whenever they need it no disruption anti-virus pro is free of advertising and other disruptions
if you see the # in the prompt , that means you have got root access . so i would assume the process to be finished then . browsing the linket xda thread : after this " step 6" comes a " big free space " , indicationg something new is starting . and in fact , step 7+8 describe the unlock process for the bootloader . so yes , if you were just after root , you have got it at that point .
full htc desire hd ( sense 3.0/android 2.3.5 ) guide to root , s-off/sim unlock that guide is a step by step instruction to have your device with root access , s-off and sim unlock . to achieve that you need to complete all the steps mentioned . answer : to have root access on your device , you can stop at the step you have mentioned . if you want to flash your device , you will need to complete all the steps . better insights what is root ? root , in the simplest terms , is the ability for an application to run with permissions that allow it to access everything . what is s-off ? in simplest terms , s-off on htc devices is the ability to flash unsigned code that modifies the kernel , boot , and radio partitions from recovery . unsigned code is code that has not come from htc directly , or has been modified in transit . having s-off does not mean that you have root . root is a function of a superuser application .
i am no linux buff but this macworld article seems promising assuming you know the uuid for the volume and do not mind working from the terminal . the article wisely recommends backing up the volume before messing around too much . also . . . googling for android+phone+uuid is returning links which are related to programming . perhaps retrieving the uuid from an android phone is a separate question for this problem .
according to this thread , this is possible and it is as easy as adding the following line to /etc/vold.fstab: dev_mount sdcard /mnt/sdcard auto SDCARD=/dev/sda7  but i have not tried it myself .
do you have any image filters/effects/night mode enabled ? try disabling them all ?
i spent a long time trying to umts manager and xda forum script , but i realized that when the app was active , the script runs fine ( the ping give a good request ) , then i thought the script needed more time to connect so i make a little modifications to the file " system/etc/ppp/peers/conf-chat " replacing all the " timeout 3" by " timeout 0" . then in the gscript mod app i change in the inet-on script the sleeps in the for statement ( that was setting in 3 ) for sleep by 5 . when i make these little modifications the tablet connects and surf in the internet like a charm ! please , sorry for my english and for answer my own question in this way but i think could be another guy with the same problem .
if you signed up for 2-step verification , you may need to enter an application-specific password in place of your regular account password . you can generate an application-specific password when you are authorizing access to your google account . this process takes a few minutes , and you only need to do it once per application or device . note : for android devices running 4.0 or higher , you do not need an application-specific password and only need to submit your username and password . you will be directed to another page where you can enter a one-time six-digit code . to check if 2-step verification is on or off , visit https://www.google.com/settings/ .
there might be a possibility that you just disabled google play settings . to check just go into settings> apps> all and search for play settings . if it exists click on it and enable it : ) !
follow the instructions on this website to reinstall google play on your phone . http://www.androidauthority.com/install-google-play-store-312812/
i do not believe you can tag the videos themselves . you cannot actually view them in the native app either , when viewing it takes you to a video player of your choice . as far as creating a post with a video and tagging a post i am not sure about . hope this helps .
unlike the nexus s , the galaxy nexus has the odin download mode . it does have a fastboot mode as well though . so this is normal and you have nothing to worry about . my guess is that samsung just prefers working with odin and did not like having to work without it for the nexus s . or perhaps they had it in the latter but disabled it , and did not bother doing so for the gnex .
you can also use the photon browser . it has flash support built in . just downloaded it and tried it on a . swf and it worked great !
what is your android version ? i will assume you are using 4.1 or newer . the . swf extension is used by files played by adobe flash player . unfortunately , flash is not supported on android since 4.1 . you can try installing the flash player apk . the latest version is for 4.0/ics , but some people say it works on 4.1+/jb as well . remember : your mileage may vary ™ . additionally , chrome for android never supported flash - even with the apk installed . ( thanks to compro01 for confirming that ! ) so you will need to use a different browser . if you are not using android 4.1 or newer , please update your question with more information .
try the widget locker app . it will allow the message preview that scrolls across the notification bar to show . if that is not enough you could install any widget including mail widgets on the lock screen .
with the newly designed google maps app , they have improved the appearance regarding contrast between roads and buildings even in day time . i could not find any day/night mode in settings , though . here is a screenshot for the same map taken in google maps version 7.5.0 ( #705001723 ) .
there is currently no way to achieve this in google maps . you can send feedback within the app , so you could suggest that they add such a feature . there are alternative map apps you might like to try instead . those based on the free openstreetmap database usually allow you to change which tile server to use , which gets you a completely different visualization of the map data : some tile servers are optimized for particular uses , such as cycling or marine navigation .
the google usb drivers that come with the android sdk will work for that device . your best bet is to install a version of cyanogenmod 5 or 6 . x . but keep in mind , that device is a dinosaur . it does not run android 2 . x well at all , especially compared to the specs of current devices . i had cyanogemmod 6 on my adp1 ( htc dream/g1 ) and , while it worked , it was extremely slow . also , the cyanogenmod team no longer even officially supports that device . the " old " cyanogenmod thread on xda is here . i am not sure if it still has download links or not .
do you need to do if from your phone ? because if not , you can just use the gmail desktop interface to do this , i do this quite often and it is fairly easy : go to your contacts ( click Gmail in the upper left corner ) select the contacts you want to export put them in a new group you can call Tmp or something random then click on that group and find the Export menu item in one of the menus ( i think More actions ) export to google csv if the receiver will import them through gmail as well , otherwise you can consider vcard format . the file will download automatically . compose a new mail and put the newly created file as attachment . ( if you used google csv , the contacts can be imported using the same contacts interface just by clicking Import in one of the menus )
open your sms app compose a new message add text and then choose to add contact add your contacts here is a message area copy the text message
this is not possible . dropbox says : dropbox will not delete files from your mobile device after they are uploaded . the files on your camera , phone , tablet , or sd card will remain on your device until you remove them manually . to do this , you will need a third-party app , like dropsync .
if you setup both devices to use the same account ( s ) ( for example the same google account for the google apps ) , then they should both synchronize with that account and thus indirectly with each other . theoretically there could be third party apps and accounts that tie their account to a specific device , but i can not say if these actually exist .
i have one found so far paid solution , but there is a 30 day trial to check it out . http://www.rerware.com/android/ ; android app mybackup ; you can backup data and apps , both online and on sd
do not know which book reader you are planning to use , but the kindle app automatically syncs your progress through books , along with any notes and annotations you have made between devices and platforms ( via its proprietary whispersync service ) , and also lets you download the same books onto every device ( as long as you sign in wit the same account ) .
first of all , if you are not 100% sure which system apps you can uninstall , it is better to freeze them first ( which is supported by e.g. titanium backup and other apps ) . so if something starts behaving weird , you can simply unfreeze those apps again . as you probably have not just frozen the resp . apps , let 's move to the second option : you hopefully made a nandroid backup before starting to tamper with the system ? in that case , you can restore this backup via clockworkmod . or if you at least backed-up those apps you uninstalled ( e . g . with aforementioned titanium backup ) , you can use this to restore them again . if this is no option neither , all what remains is to check for a fresh firmware image to flash -- either stock or custom rom .
you can use wireless adb ( note : root required ) to connect over wifi and then you can plug in your device to the power socket .
does a malicious android webview break the doublesubmittcookie countermeasure against csrf ? short answer : no . long answer : csrf exploits the trust that a site has in a user 's browser . csrf protection is not intended to protect the server from a malicious user agent or from an untrustworthy user . the user is responsible for choosing a trustworthy browser .
as i have mentioned in the comments already ( and which harbichidian thankfully approved ) , this can be done using tasker : condition : state → docked task : ( put something here you want to be done when placing the device in dock , or substitute some dummy like " variable set : %dummy = 1" ) exit task : media control → pause there might be several other approaches to this . i still hold tasker being at least one of the better solutions ( if not even the best ) is you can do so much more with it . just check the questions tagged " tasker " , or follow the links in our tasker tag-wiki to get an idea .
i have not seem any such options or settings for any device so far . you can try these apps lightflow lite adjbrightness but i doubt these would work properly . ( i can not check as my device does not have led notification light . ) i believe this kind of things are only doable via custom roms . you would have to check your device development forums . start here - huwaei u8860 - xda-developers . i do not think you can get an universal solution . if there has been a way to do it via android apis it would already be in settings i believe .
i just found an app which works nicely without root for the sony z1 compact : disable charging led maybe this is worth a try for you , too .
i am not sure that an app could get the low-level access needed to turn of the led while charging . your best bet is a custom rom that has this low-level access and provides an api for an app or user setting . i would look at cyanogen mod .
third wish indeed seems to be a show-stopper . sacrificing that , you might want to take a look at locus maps , which gives you the additional benefit of being an offline/offroad navigation with many map sources buit-in to download from . plenty add-ons available , too . might ask the developer ( e . g . on his forum ) to add tasker support . as he is very responsive , chances are quite good he will like and implement the idea . if so , item #3 would be solved as well .
tasker can write location to klm file : did you see this gps tracker made in tasker xml ( http://tasker.wikidot.com/tracker ) it creates a kml file and stores Acc:%LOCACC Prv:%LOCPRV Spd:%LOCSPD Alt:%LOCALT into that file . to view a kml file that tracker creates you can either : view it in the google earth android apo upload it to your desktop and open it with google earth . upload it to the web , and put the url to the kml in the search box of google maps . this still only works on a desktop computer , but allows the viewing of a kml or kmz file without installing google earth . several other tools exist for publishing kmz files .
gps logger suits all your needs ( 2 is an option you can turn on )
trace my trail is not only a gps logger but you can also insert pois and indication and get alarms when you are following the recorded track .
if you are ready to compromise the third requirement , google 's my tracks , fits your other needs perfectly .
i figured this was not currently possible so i just created a widget that activated whatever profile i want active when tasker is open then disable the said profile if i go back to the home app .
the developer of tasker has specifically excluded tasker itself from showing up in the applications list . he cites his reason in the tasker why . . . ? section of his website . http://tasker.dinglisch.net/userguide/en/faqs/faq-why.html#d
other than storing them in seperate locations and specifying where the files you want are or manually going into google music on your pc or phone and deleting them , no . but even if you delete them once the music manager catchs them missing and you havnt changed the folder it will reupload them at least it used to .
cyanogenmod 7.1 has exactly this feature , but without faking data , only failing , if the app accesses the api . proposition for faking the imei was rejected . faking other data , like contacts , is currently under discussion .
it is a logical solution for a potential problem and a long time irritation of mine . however , you must remember that whatever solutions are available for a security application would also be available for a malware app . if a security app could block net access then a malware app could block it also , stopping a security app from updating data files for instance . it needs to be done at the system level , not as another application . see my post here for my thoughts .
there is an ongoing research on this this subject . a non yet released proof of concept is implemented for some of the privacy sensitive apis exactly as i proposed . the privacy manager is called tissa , short for taming information-stealing smartphone applications .
a translated version of the chinese version of lbe is available on xda developers , and it works very well on jelly bean . apparently the chinese version is still actively developed . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1422479
xprivacy is a module for xposed framework which does exactly what you need . it is free and open source . works on rooted devices . download framework apk from here : http://repo.xposed.info/module/de.robv.android.xposed.installer module apk : http://repo.xposed.info/module/de.robv.android.xposed.installer source : https://github.com/m66b/xprivacy?mobile=0#xprivacy
this is no sandbox application , but perhaps it is also interesting for you , if you havn't already heard about it . some scientists startet the project taintdroid . realtime privacy monitory for android
i am fairly certain that tool that you seek does not exist yet . but your idea is great . few point though ; ofc ; app can freely read and write it is own app directory giving fake read acces : for every possible read ( and there is a lot app can try to read ) default response should be generate ; lot a work but doable however ; giving fake write access is lot harder ; what if it uses sd card to store big temp files ; like bitmaps . on unrooted phone ; only place app can write is sd card ; and using content provider ( for stuff like contacts , and calendar ) . and app desiger is not expecting to fail in writing data ; so app could crash . good thing is that the worst that could happen is that app might crash .
whisper systems has come out with a custom rom that has this exact feature : http://www.whispersys.com/permissions.html. as darthnoodles mentions , it has to be done at the system level rather than the app level , which is how it is implemented in whispercore . the current version is not able to block all of the permissions available on android , but they are working on supporting more of them .
there is an excellent tool pdroid . it is both an app and a set of rom patches , which enable intercepting and faking permission requests . here are the pdroid jellybean rom fork patches
there is an app shield application . it essentially repackages . apk with permissions removed from manifest . brilliant idea for stock , non rooted phones . subject to crashes ( force closes ) , though , as with current cyanogenmod approach .
not an absolute solution to your problem , but there is an app in the android market which caters to your needs . it also necessarily requires better knowledge about permissions and also a rooted device . permissions denied is an app which allows you to effectively control the permissions that apps which are installed onto your phone , via the market or some other source . also be aware that denying an app a permission that it is requesting may result in the app force closing . ( hence requiring you to have better knowledge on how to use it ) note : this app requires root access . this app will not work on all device .
lbe privacy guard appears to be a very promising solution with interactive features to block or allow application activity on the fly .
there is a privacy blocker ( paid ) and privacy inspector ( free ) applications . privacy blocker does a static analysis of applications for sensitive api calls and rewrites these calls into stub ones which return fake data . as a result a new . apk with rewritten application is generated and installed . privacy inspector is an app which only reports the use of sensitive api calls .
mockdroid is another academic firmware with data faking capabilities .
the app only changes the settings , so it does not matter which gps code the rom has . all the custom roms i know of use gps code from samsung anyways . one note : this will fix very few people 's problems . the factory settings cause most of the problems , so restoring will probably hurt more than help . it is possible that the new 2.2 releases will fix some issues , however , and in that case it is probably better to use whatever settings samsung tested with the new gps code , i.e. the settings gpsrestore uses .
while android-studio was already running i tried to run " android . bat " at below location by right clicking and choosing run as administrator which ran sdk manager and download worked for me . C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-studio\sdk\tools\android.bat 
i had the same problem and symptoms . then launched the shortcut to sdk as admin ( use right click ) . everything fine now . .
some apps use this to retrieve debug information and send it to the company to help improve the app ( eg . evernote [ source ] ) . could not find any information on how netflix uses the data and can not test but maybe there is a " send debug information " button or something similar . this , of course , is pure speculation , so you will have to think " do i trust this company with my data ? " as to what information is made available by this , you can check this by using alogcat or the android sdk and logcat . there is a public google+ post which describes an example of logcat information .
power off phone . take out battery for 30 seconds . power back on phone . camera app worked again for me .
i have had my gs3 with t-mobile for about 11 months . two days ago i began receiving " camera failed " warning . i was beginning to think , after researching this issue , that my phone would need to be replaced if i wanted a functioning camera again . but moments ago , with the " camera failed " warning showing on my screen , i started squeezing the top of my phone between my fingers in different places , and suddenly my camera started working again . i am a bit afraid that it is going to stop working again , but at least i know this is a mechanical error . i am thankful i did not reset my phone for no reason . i have never posted to any site before this , but if this can help anyone else having this problem , i thought i should mention it . i do hope it helps .
i turned my galaxy s3 off and turned it back on again . it fixed itself ; no need to clean or wipe your gallery or phone .
did you try adding the messaging settings to the apn you created ? you can add both webs as mms settings and then select that apn .
original charger would solve all of your problems . . . i had a similar problem on my hox as well , even with samsung galaxy s3 charger , everything is normal when i charge with original charger device and cable
i have not had this problem with my htc one x , i have used several adapters and all of them were charging as normal . i do not know if this will solve the problem , but you could try to do a reset of your phone , to make sure it is not a software related problem . but i guess the problem will still remain after the reset , so in that case , it is pretty sure that it is a hardware related problem of your phone . so you might want to contact htc support for this problem . i think the only solution will be to swap your defective device with a working one .
try to reset to factory settings , charge with ant without sim card , reeboot .
i use b-card . us to import my contacts . it support ios as well . only register , insert data and scan barcode . you do not need to install an app and its free .
to import a vcf : copy the vcf to your phone , then contacts > import/export to view hidden contacts : contacts > more > display options , you have the option of displaying " only contacts with phones " and under " choose contacts to display " you can choose to view or hide contacts based on their source . perhaps your contacts are hidden because they are stored in your phone , but you do not check " phone " under " choose contacts to display " disclaimer : i use froyo ( 2.2 ) so the menu name might be different .
i had some problems with built in sync so i looked for a more sophisticated solution . after i tested some apps i choose a android app called contactsync ( the dev provided me a free test license for the app so +1 for free testing ) and the name tells it all . it can sync , import and export contacts on various ways like carddav or ftp or just local . vcf files . works well here and provides some nice features . the dev has a homepage here -> http://ntbab.dyndns.org/apache2-default/seite/contactsync.html
is there something wrong with cyanogenmod ? what you want is the stock version of android samsung put on the phone , there is no revert as it was deleted when you put cyanogen . as you dont seem to have a copy i would go to samsung support site or you will have to trust another source on the net and download it there . this would be another great community resource for your phone http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1156
alongside installing the correct dirvers , i have found that you may need to also do a bit of manual setup so that your computer can recognise the usb device . try this : find the . android folder in your home directory , and replace the adb_usb . ini file with this one . this tells your computer to let adb work with a load of different usb devices . you may need to restart adb via the command line : adb kill-server adb start-server  and now adb should show you your device adb devices 
using rsync to migrate your sd data would be fine . . . there should not be any harm to copying the entire contents of /sdcard , but now would be a good time to clean it up . you can use rsync or just plain copy/paste , and migrate everything piecemeal either to your computer or directly to the new phone ( just plug both in via usb to your computer at the same time ) . the main concern is any pictures , music , etc . that you have on there . beyond that , check for any app data you had want . some apps store their data in /sdcard/appname/ , but most use /sdcard/Android/data/full.app.name instead ( this is a little harder to decipher , as the names do not always match what the app displays as . . . amazon 's app store is com . amazon . venezia , for example ) . games may have saved games or high scores , games or other apps may have large data packs saved , and most apps back up their settings somewhere on /sdcard when you hit " back up settings " or " export settings " in a menu . if you are wanting anything else , check out a similar question . the short answer is you probably need root to back up actual app data that is not on the sd card , and an app that will do it for you ( titanium backup is pretty much the de facto standard ) .
a new phone could mean a new/differently configured android version , so you would need to be extremely careful restoring your rsync'd data on the new device . while it certainly cannot hurt to have that backup , i would not recommend restoring it to a different device . a much safer way would be using titanium backup instead ( pro-version strongly recommended for batch processing -- but you of course can check with the free version before ) . this nice app not only creates full backups ( apps+data+system data ) , but also offers a migration mode for restoring a backup to a different device/rom : instead of simply replacing files on the new system ( which can e.g. break some databases due to changed/different structures when it comes to system data like e.g. sms , in which case you will experience some nice force-closes of the corresponding apps/frameworks ) , it tries just to fit the data into the existing databases , and does some other " tricks " . also the app is well supported and worth every cent/frank ( dev lives in switzerland ) . scheduled backups , freezing/uninstalling system apps , converting downloaded apps to system apps ( and vice versa ) , plus so many other nice features make this app a must-have on any rooted android device ( and who knows me also knows i rarely speak of any " must-have app" ) .
this is most certainly due to network restrictions . for instance 3g connections on orange ( uk ) are dropped if you hit it with " too many " requests in a short period of time . this is very easy to do with a pc , just open a dozen tabs on a browser and the 3g connection is dropped .
i have found solution . i.e. i found how to organize stable internet through my phone using 3g . it could be done by lg pc suite , tools-> " internet connection using your phone " . it works without needing to switch anything in phone . but i still wondering why simple usb tethering does not work .
short answer : yes , it is for all google maps links . the long answer is that android 's intent mechanism ( which is the way android decides what app to start ) can use different parts of the url to match the app . the app can register itself with android to handle : a particular uri scheme , such as market:// a particular domain , such as youtube.com paths within the domain matching a particular filter , such as /users/* apps can also filter on other things not relevant to clicking a link , such as different actions ( e . g . share ) or different mime types . one app can have more than one filter , and one filter can match any combination of the above things . for example , a youtube app might have one filter that matches when all these conditions are met : the scheme is http:// or https:// the domain is youtube.com the path matches watch?v=* and another that matches when all these conditions are met : the scheme is http:// or https:// the domain is youtu.be ( the domain for short urls ) in this case , there are two different defaults to set : the first time you click a link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJRFaR71HfY it will set the default for that kind of link . then , if you later click a http://youtu.be/DJRFaR71HfY , it'll ask a second time , because that counts as a different kind of link . in the case of google maps , there are several different kinds of link it can handle ( as well as other intent filters not relevant to links ) :- geo://* latitude://* http://maps.google.tld/ or https://maps.google.tld/ ( with nothing after the / ) , for every tld that google has (google.com, google . fr , etc . ) http://maps.google.tld/maps* or https://maps.google.tld/maps* http://mapy.google.pl/ or https://mapy.google.pl/ ( "mapy " being polish for " maps" ) http://mapy.google.pl/maps* or https://mapy.googl.pl/maps* http://local.google.com/ or https://local.google.com/ http://local.google.com/maps* or https://local.google.com/maps* http://m.google.com/latitude or https://m.google.com/latitude http://www.google.com/latitude or https://www.google.com/latitude http://m.google.com/u/m/* or https://m.google.com/u/m/* each one of those lines counts as a different kind of link , so android will ask again . in addition , all but the first of those have two separate entries : one for opening or browsing a link in the usual way , and another for scanning an nfc tag ( or receiving by android beam ) a matching link . again , those two things count as different links for the purposes of setting defaults . to get this information from the google maps app , i used the app packageexplorer . the information it gives you takes some knowledge to interpret : you may find the android intent api guide for developers useful .
presuming that you normally only want your wi-fi switched on in certain locations ( e . g . home and work ) , then an app like locale that can change profiles and switch power-hungry components like wi-fi on and off based on your location might do the trick for you ? ( note that this is not a free app )
highly doubt it can be done , since adobe air v3 targets armv7 instruction set , its like comparing chalk and cheese in regards to both armv7 and armv6 instruction set . so the chances of back-porting to the older instruction set is difficult to say the least , not alone that , it is a proprietary software so no going in there . the trend is there and is to stay this way with the advent of increased hardware , supply/demand which dictates support armv7 and let armv6 die off .
have you tried arkmc ? the free version still works as a renderer : )
it may sound like overkill , but it may suit all your needs : xbmc media center ( downloads for android are here ) it has many features that you might not need ( like a weather forecast , playing videos and music ) but the best parts are its big list of network capabilities ( media on windows shares , dlna ( upnp ) , ftp , etc . ) and its huge list of available plugins . it is also remotely controllable in many ways , there are even apps for android , etc . plus it is open source and free .
try out digital photo frame slide show . it has exactly the features you need as it can access a upnp server or a smb network drive . ( i am the developer of digital photo frame slide show . )
have you searched DLNA in play store ? you can find many apps . my favorite is skifta .
es file explorer should let you access smb shares .
samba shares and cloud image services ( picasa , flickr , facebook , dropbox and instagram ) photo frame live wallpaper
have you tried social frame ? it is a digital photo frame app . it automatically syncs photos from facebook , twitter , and 500px . love this app
no , you can not do this , on android or any other kind of mobile phone . it is just not how the 3g network works . each operator 's 3g network runs on a frequency band allocated to them by the government . the cell transmitter runs on its own hardware that your phone does not have , with a high-power radio transceiver that needs more power than your phone has .
find the app that took over the pdf intent in Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All , and then tap on Clear defaults button . next time you click on a pdf file , it should prompt you which app to use . check the Use by default for this action box , and tap on ezpdf reader . alternatively , you can try uninstalling and re-installing the ezpdf reader app . it should re-register its own intent for handling pdfs , and prompt you for an app next time you try to view one .
there is an app for that ! ! try default app manager on the android market which can take care of both clearing and setting defaults for various categories like pictures , audio , video , pdf etc . really makes life very easy .
the latest update of the nook color software version 1.4.1 allows you to change the default pdf reader . after the upgrade open a pdf and then a pop up box will appear allowing you to choose which application you want as the default pdf reader .
if you do not want to be tied to windows-based kies , simply do not pick samsung phones . almost every other android manufacturer 's phones can be upgraded over the air without the need of an attached computer ; for some reason samsung 's can not or will not do it . android was designed so it does not need to be attached to a computer as much as possible ; android was designed to sync data ( address book , etc ) , installs software ( market , etc ) , and do system updates over the air . some manufacturer/carriers do not yet embrace this unfortunately , and is forcing your phone to be attached to a computer .
ota updates are a better solution . not sure why samsung sticks to some update utility while many other manufacturers use ota update . htc does ota on my hero and now on my desire z also . my acer betouch 130e required a utility . not sure for other brands .
i do not know of a kies alternative , but there is heimdall , an open source , cross platform , odin alternative .
i think that the linux support not only depends on the manufacturer . in the case of the palms , palmone only released desktop applications for windows and mac , but despite of that fact the linux community developed solutions like j-pilot for example .
your voice files are also stored in the whatsapp folder . the path is : WhatsApp/Media/WhatsApp Voice Notes/ the file names are starting with ptt
i have just released an open source svn client that uses actual svn protocol . . . it is called oasvn ( open android svn ) you can get it on the play market here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.valleytg.oasvn.android does svn checkout , update , commit , export , cleanup and revert . more to come soon . more information and source are here : http://www.valleytg.com jira for requests : http://www.valleytg.com/jira
it looks like there is been a little work porting svnkit to android ( see this ) , but actual source code is not sitting around for anyone to use yet . it is a little bit incredibly gross , but you could try introducing another syncing setup . something like dropbox to store and sync files on your phone , and then commit the changes when you get to a machine with an svn client . this is obviously less than ideal .
as using swap is a system-wide thing ( even on linux/unix , you need to be root in order to activate/deactivate swap ) , this cannot be done without having root access to your device . if your device is rooted , however , there are several apps available to help you manage swap space . you might want to take a look at e.g. swapper 2 ( for root users ) ( free ) or roehsoft ram-expander ( swap ) ( paid , and not really cheap ) . both seem to have quite good reputation . of course there are several other solutions available as well .
the gps icon in the status bar means that an application is currently using the gps so it is draining the battery . gps does not however drain any battery just because you have it enabled in the settings menu .
technically , the gps icon is shown whenever the gps chip is being used . if it is not being used , it will not be shown . poorly designed apps may however keep trying to use the gps feature just because it is enabled and thereby drain your battery . example - keeping one 's phone inside one 's pocket or basically without having sight of gps satellites will cause the gps chip to keep searching thereby draining the battery .
samsung with its quest to be different , enriched the stock browser , with its own brightness control , totally separate from the os . no root there is no workaround , you have to set the brightness independently . even using an app to control the brightness levels , as soon as you launch the stock browser , its own brightness control overwrites the one from the app . root if you have root on your device , you can replace the browser .apk with the stock one from android . you get the same browser , and in theory , without that annoying feature placed by samsung ( have not done this myself ) . alternatives there are alternative solutions for this , like many other users faced with your problem endup using , the usage of another browser that is not the stock one .
get an on-screen keyboard with arrow keys , such as hacker 's keyboard . i use it as a secondary input method , it is not so suitable to all situations but can quickly be switched from the long-press menu .
you can try greenify it freezes the app when you are not explicitly using it . there is an experimental feature to make it work without root but i did not try it since my phone is rooted . there is also disable service that can disable single services . it requires root access .
you can try force disabling them from the settings
i have never used it but i remember reading about key ring rewards cards . try that and see what you think . edit : i also tried searching the market for " loyalty cards " and came up with this list of apps . i was going to specifically name some but as i have not tried them i thought it best that i just give you the list . seems there are quite a few that will help you manage your cards
i figured it out . it was the kernel that came with liquid smooth rom . the kernel developer , chevyno1 ( of simply stunning mod ) , disabled logging in the kernel . i switched to a different kernel by jdlfg and logging immediately turned on with the next boot .
the rom might call " rm /dev/log/main " during init to cripple logcat . if you can find that line and remove it logcat should be happy .
answer : yes , you can have multiple bluetooth devices connected to your phone . app to manage your bluetooth devices additionally , you can use smart bluetooth widget pro by mdr tools , inc . available from google play store to help you manage those devices : this is a must have widget for your android if you have any bluetooth devices . it adds a bluetooth icon to your home screen , and by just clicking on it , it will display you the list of paired devices and you can just click and connect to your bluetooth devices . no need to go to settings screen , turn the bluetooth on , and connect to your devices . when you walk away from your bluetooth device , this widget not just cancels the bluetooth connection , it also turns off the bluetooth to save more from the battery . you can also connect to multiple bluetooth devices at the same time . you can connect to your speaker , and your headset at the same time . there is also a free version smart bluetooth widget free .
this is not the resolution you are looking for , but i would like to share that i have same problem with you . the blank circle appeared a few days ago . there is no blank circle when i check google+ web page , but there is a mysterious circle with no name ( blank name ) when i use google+ android app . i tried to uninstall and reinstall google+ app , but it did not resolve the problem . only a few people have reported this problem , and there is a post related to this on google group too . i hope it can be fixed soon .
a new version of the app came out today ( 2.2.0.233662 ) with " numerous bug fixes " mentioned in the " what is new " text . this apparently is one of the fixes . everything is back to normal now .
if you are using a windows machine , then it sounds like maybe the drivers you are using are not the correct drivers . download the drivers from here ( at the bottom ) and install those drivers on the system . to install the drivers : connect your phone to your pc with usb debugging mode enabled . windows will not be able to install drivers on its own . so , go to ' device manager ' . under ' other devices ' , you will have your phone 's name , spice mi-350n/fly iq260 . right click and select ' update driver software . . . ' and select ' browse my computer for driver software ' and browse to the location where you extracted the drivers and click ' next ' .
i work on the linux 11.10 , i solved the problem by researching on various blogs . i particularly found this link very helpful . actually the vendor id in "/etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules " was wrong . as i could not find the spice in the android 's developer site . executing command lsusb gave me the correct vendor id . . . . now my /etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules file looks like:- subsystem=="usb " , attr{idvendor}=="2006" , mode="0666" group="plugdev " now after restarting adb services . . . i.e. su $ adb kill-server $ adb start-server $ adb devices  the output is :- List of devices attached 0123456789ABCDEF device  now when i launch application from eclipse ide it automatically identifies the device . . . .
the usb driver for windows is available for download as an optional sdk component . you need the driver only if you are developing on windows and want to connect an android-powered device ( adp , nexus one , or nexus s ) to your development environment over usb . are you going to develop android app or just want to browse the internal memory ? http://developer.android.com/sdk/win-usb.html
you may be better off using whatsapp messenger , it deals with group messages much better than using sms . using whatsapp everyone can reply to a message that you have sent and all participants can see each other 's replies . you can download it from here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.whatsapp
in android notification settings can be configured on a per-app basis . most apps give you control over sound and vibration settings . these can be overridden with the global " ring mode " setting located under menu -> system -> sound . changing the gmail notifications will not impact hangouts , facebook , or other apps . furthermore , in gmail app you can have different notification settings for each account ( and even per each synced label within each account ) : in gmail , tap on the menu button , go to settings , and tap on your google account . tap on " inbox sound and vibrate " option . set the sound and vibration preferences to your liking , and exit the settings page .
its original name was the zte blade so , then , the manufacturer is the zte corp in china .
first , launchers are apps like all other apps you can install . which means : per se , there should be no problems -- but they of course might have bugs and , in rare cases , side effects . again , this is not limited to launchers . so far for the " generic info " . now specifically for the launcher : after having installed a launcher ( nova should be fine , apex might be another choice close to nova ) , when he presses the home key to switch to the home screen , he will be asked which launcher to chose . so still he is got the choice to use the miui launcher or his " custom one " . on every press of the home button . until he decides to always use one of the two , and marks the check button to remember his choice ( "always use . . . " ) . now on home key press , it is always that launcher being started . if at a later time he wants to switch back : still no problem . the " decision popup " will come again if one of the following conditions are met : he installed another launcher one of the installed launchers receives an update more than 2 launchers were installed , and the current default launcher is uninstalled in settings&rarr ; applications , the settings of the current default launcher are opened , and the " clear defaults " button is pushed some " default apps " manager was used to trigger it so in short : i would expect no trouble . some special features of the miui launcher might not be available in other launchers , some specific miui widgets ( specifically built for the miui launcher ) might not work with the other launcher -- but if he wants , he can always return/swtich or even revert his changes .
well , you will lose home launcher . that is it . every other miui feature will be intact :- )
the bad news is that some phones ( like yours ) do not support setting your own phone number . the good news is that this information is not stored on your phone but on your sim card . so if you put your sim in another device and set your number there than you can put it back to your phone and voila , your number will show . some devices that support setting your phone number : apple iphone ( be aware that newer versions have microsim slots ! ) samsung galaxy series ( read here on how to do it ) all ics devices ( info ) some custom roms ( including cyanogenmod ) some sony ericsson dumbphones ( e . g : c902 , k550i ) if you do not have access to any of the above you can ask your carrier to do it . it is possible that they can do it ota .
this happens on some network sims because they do not store the number onto the sim . you can add the number to the sim by using a device that allows you . these devices normally do : older ( non smart ) devices most custom roms ics devices iphone ( below ios 5 ) some other stock roms
factory resetting wipes the wi-fi settings along with everything else . from the wi-fi page in the settings app , click on the network you want to connect to and enter the password ( if it requires one ) , just as you did previously . if that does not work , update your question to say what happened .
problem solved . i deactivated hangouts and now it works fine .
please check the backup tag wiki , which already gives you some " first-aid " advice . take a closer look at the nandroid section , as that is what you will need : first , you will need to install a custom recovery ( see e.g. recovery-mode ) . the most common choice here is clockworkmod , as it is available for most devices . depending on your device , there might be other choices available . for your xperia , there probably is no amon ra recovery ( which is very similar to already mentioned clockworkmod recovery ) , but there might be e.g. twrp . this custom recovery will replace your stock-recovery , and add some useful functionality -- one of the new features being nandroid backups . your device-firmware will remain untouched when you flash the custom recovery . once you have installed the custom recovery , you can boot into it with a special combination of keys . on most devices , you need to hold the vol - and power keys pressed simultaneously on boot , until the recovery menu appears -- but that key combination might differ for your device ( and the custom recovery chosen ) . check the documentation/readme/hints where you downloaded your recovery . bootet into the recovery , there will be a menu item for backup ( it may be labeled " backup " or " nandroid " or " nandroid backup " , but you will unmistakenly identify it ) . here you can create ( or restore ) a nandroid backup , which includes an image for each of your device 's partitions ( i.e. . all that would be touched/changed when flashing another device-firmware ; it will , however , not backup/restore your device 's radio-firmware ) . examples of clockworkmod ( source : xda , laptoppmag ) the screenshots show you the clockworkmod menu of two different versions ( i marked the entry you will need to create/restore backups ) . the first screenshot shows a complete nandroid backup being made , and you can see in the light-gray test all the " backing up " lines , indicating each backed-up partition . having created such a nandroid backup , you can return to this state of your device-firmware anytime . it would also include your apps and data ; so if you do not like the custom rom you have tried , simply boot into your custom recovery , and restore your backup .
in order to change the notification sound on the gmail app you can do the following : open the gmail app and press the menu button ( the one to the left of the home button ) press settings and then choose the email address ( not general settings ) touch the word " inbox sound and vibrate " click " sound " then there is a popup for the choice of notification sound you want for your email . for go sms pro : press the same menu button settings advanced notification settings default notification settings select ringtone
full instructions can be found here . in short : install sdk get the fastboot . exe and place in your sdk/tools turn on usb debugging on phone connect to pc via usb using adb , run adb reboot bootloader at the bootloader , run fastboot oem unlock accept dialog to unlock bootloader start phone , phone will reboot , do not battery pull ! afterwards , you can get root access .
while i do not have the final solution - i was able to make some progress in figuring out why the g2 fails to work with the 360 controller . i have been doing diagnostics and noticed that the lg g2 usb connection manager is emulating a usb2.0 and usb3.0 device hub - which shows up when an otg cable is connected to the phone - and while it identifies the 360 controller , its non-standard integration is likely causing the device to not be recognized by applications . using usb/bt joystick center from the play store , i was able to refuse permission to access the usb hub devices , but permit the app to talk to the xbox controller . ( when it scans for devices , it will display " found : device name " then prompt for permission . when it displays " found : xbox 360 controller " approve access . deny all other prompts , or else the software cannot communicate with the controller ) . immediately after doing the above , the controller 's leds stopped flashing - and locked into ' player 1' configuration . then the software loaded a default 360 profile , and clicking on driver let me see the raw inputs from the controller . it works ! it seems to me that the device is perfectly compatible , but the lg otg input manager is doing something funky with the input - and needs another piece of software to channel the inputs from the usb device to the system . if there were a way to get the lg software to identify it as a keyboard or gamepad , that would be ideal . i will keep working at it for now .
no , it is designed like that by the app 's developers , so you can not . though for youtube , if you are rooted , there is a xposed module called green youtube that have an option to play music from youtube in background ( but it does not work on my phone ) .
webmemo does a similar thing , but seems a bit more at hand as it uses the share page menu , instead of having you manually input the url - as with the fore-mentioned save webpage
there is an application called save webpage which will let you do it , i do not know of any other way to do it in the stock browser .
playing around with " mount " and various commands , it looked like the /data file system was already mounted r/w . this left me with the option of trying to reload a " factory image " . the link you posted was informative and looks like a good resource , however i am a bit gun-shy about trying to load code that was not specific to the exact device in front of me , as i got burned on that once before ( fortunately that one was resolved when the manufacturer finally made the correct stuff available ) . i was finally able to get this one working without having to resort to trying a generic a10 image . i ended up using " echo -e ' boot-recovery\0' > /dev/block/nandf ; sync " , from within adb shell , connected a standard usb windows keyboard from a pc , then issued " reboot " command still from within adb shell . again i got an android on his back with a green triangle / exclamation point . i hit the home button on the tablet and got into the recovery menu , and voila , the arrow keys on the keyboard actually worked to navigate the menu . i selected the option for wipe data / factory reset and used the power button on the tablet as enter , used the keyboard again to navigate the " are you sure " prompt , power button again for enter . the device showed that it was formatting /data and some other file system ( i forget ) , then when it was done it went back to the recovery menu . i disconnected the usb keyboard and hit power one more time to reboot , and this time we made it past the android logo and back to a like-new out-of-box state ! back in business ! the concept of connecting a pc keyboard might be a breakthrough for anyone struggling with recovery on one of these tablets with no volume buttons , though i can not say it was entirely my idea . it briefly flashed through my mind at one point but i did not actually try it until another post i read somewhere kicked me again . ; - ) p.s. i do not know if the exact sequence of connecting the keyboard etc was significant , but i figured i would try to be specific just for the benefit of anyone reading this in the future .
ok , got an update . i posted a long thread here a while back and it got deleted . i have got better news this time . sc-91jb is the same as the turkish piranha business ii tab 9.0 . go to this site ( its in turkish ) and download livesuit and phoenixsuit from the " destek " -> " sürücü ve yazılımlar " tab . you can get the firmware there , ( it is the plain 4.1 jb rom ) but there is a better place . install phoenixsuit and livesuit . make sure you install the drivers . connect your tablet and open phoenixsuit ( if updates are available , then update . ) go to the " firmware " tab and choose the p422 rom you downloaded earlier , then hit upgrade . there is a high chance the upgrade will fail to go through on the first try . when it did on mine , it gave me instructions saying you had to hold the power button down for 10 seconds , then a series of button presses and connecting the tablet to the pc . make sure you use a good usb cable . when i followed the on screen steps , livesuit popped up and i was able to force a firmware upgrade . the screen on the tablet stays dark , but the " firmware " screen on phoenixsuit will show you the progress . once that is finished , my tablet started up with the " piranha " logo and booted into android . of course , android was in turkish so i just went into settings and changed the language to english . this rom includes a lot more apps than the supersonic one did ( including angry birds space . ) i just did this update today , so now i will see if the issues we were having were due to the rom or hardware . summary : this method can revive a tablet that is completely dead ! so philip , in your situation , you may simply have to plug in and force the upgrade . a long press of the power button will switch the internals on and off . this is a super easy way to get your tablet back up and running without having to drop to the command line . most of all , good luck ! ! !
it seems the incompatibility came only on the current version . you may install and use an older version or wait till it becomes available to your device . in this thread there is a link to an older apk version that should work .
the limit is actually placed on virtual size of the downloaded area . the upper limit is approximately 80mb of data , and the lower limit is smaller than maps displays , somewhere below 100kb , equivalent to around . 6 square miles . here is one place that mentions the 80mb limit . in my own testing , i was able to download up to 87mb of data , which is approximately 5625 square miles . this may have been coincidence , but in my testing , the allowable size ranged from a square . 75 miles on a side to a square 75 miles on a side .
it was a configuration issue on the program listening on port 80 on the laptop end .
another option is using the perl adbbackuproutines from this xda thread . they have a few requirements , though : perl obviously , plus libterm-readkey-perl , libcrypt-cbc-perl , and libcrypt-pbkdf2-perl ( if your backups are unencrypted , you can skip the last dependency by simply commenting out line 103 of backupdecrypt.pl where it is included -- worked fine for me ) . usage is quite easy : ./backupdecrypt.pl [options] &lt;backupfile.ab&gt; &lt;outfile.tar&gt;  the resulting .tar file then can be investigated like any other tarball . its structure is quite interesting in at least one aspect : it does not reflect the real paths where the files have been taken from ( e . g . not /data/data/com.app.name/databases/whatever.db , but instead apps/com.app.name/db/whatever.db ) -- which indicates an app backed-up on one device/rom might be restored to any other device/rom without trouble , as adb restore must figure out the real paths itself .
or with a one-liner : ( printf "\x1f\x8b\x08\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00" ; tail -c +25 backup.ab ) | tar xfvz - 
one more option is to use bash , cat and gunzip ( gzip ) . the full process could be this ( with an unencrypted backup ) : backup one app 's data ( for example " override dns for kitkat " ) : $ adb backup -f net.mx17.overridedns.ab -noapk net.mx17.overridedns Now unlock your device and confirm the backup operation.  extract the compressed data decompress the compressed data $ printf "\x1f\x8b\x08\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00" \ | cat - compressed-data | gunzip -c &gt; decompressed-data.tar gzip: stdin: unexpected end of file  " untar " the tar file $ tar xf decompressed-data.tar 
just for reference of others , here is some background on the . ab file format . the android backup ( * . ab ) file is a compressed tar file . it is compressed using the deflate algorithm . on top of that , there can be aes encryption used . this is determined when you create the backup , if you enter a password then the backup is encrypted , otherwise ; there is no encryption , it is only compressed . the header of the file is a little different then a normal delfate archive . it contains information about the backup and looks like the following : ANDROID BACKUP 1 1 none  the first line is the " magic " line . the next line is the version of the android backup file format . the next line is a boolean ( true or false , 1 or 0 ) indicating if the file is compressed . the last line is the type of encryption . this example is not using any encryption . if there was a password , the line would read " aes-256" . after that is the encryption cypher . if no password , then the deflate " archive " starts . it is compressed using the java deflater . which , from a developers perspective , causes issues if you want to use anything besides java to extract it . i have not been able to find anything that can deflate it using the same algorithm , even though all that i have found ( for like c# ) are supposed to follow the " spec " . with that said , there is an open source project under the apache 2.0 license , written by nikolay elenkov that will allow you to extract the . ab in to a tar file . usage : java -jar abe.jar unpack &lt;backup.ab&gt; &lt;backup.tar&gt; &lt;password&gt;  if you are not sure how to really use that ( which is beyond the scope of this answer ) the next version of droid explorer v0.8.8.7 ( available here ) will allow you to do exactly this , and more , right from explorer . you can read more about the features on my blog ( yes , i know , shameless plug . i do that when it fits the question )
i found another solution : have a look at /data/system/uiderrors.txt . there you will find the apps that are responsible for the trouble . you can delete them ( manualy if necessary ) to fix the issue . reinstalling the apps brings the error back , though .
usually a hard-reset should be sufficient . but as i do not know how you performed it : it cannot hurt to repeat it . there is a " factory reset " option in your menus ( usually in the " privacy " section ) . what this does is rawly explained by its name : reset everything to the state of delivery . it purges the /data partition -- which is , all user data : installed apps ( except those " in the rom " , which came pre-installed ) along with all apps data and settings , plus wipe the cache -- then reboot . the next startup will take a bit longer , as android needs to rebuild the dalvik cache ( which basically contains device-optimized versions of your apps , simply spoken ) . so after that , everything should be clean -- and you need to configure everything as if you just got a fresh phone . i do not know which uuids it is referring to -- without the exact error message this is hard to tell . but as said , the factory reset should fix this . by 1 . plus , to be absolutely sure , a clean and empty sd card . to make sure the latter is really clean and empty , you can use a card reader to attach it directly to your computer , and check its contents there . formatting should not really be necessary -- just make sure there are no files left , especially also no " hidden ones " . following methods are available to initiate a " factory reset " aka " factory wipe": the corresponding item in setup -> privacy a " call to the magic number *2767*3855#" turn on your phone . press both volume up + home + search buttons for 5 sec . ( this last item is taken from hard-reset . com )
is your phone sim-locked ? maybe additional encryption crosses some encryptions that are already there . it would be really helpful if you could introduce us to steps you made to encrypt/decrypt your device because the reason probably lies there . if after decrypting back it works all right it is definitely not sim card itself faulty .
the process name implies that it is related to sd card . fat file system is very old and unreliable file system . android stop app to prevent further damage to your data . solution : eject microsd . insert in card reader , plug to pc . run chkdsk i : /f /x , where i- drive letter for your sd partion in windows . chkdsk shall find and fix problem . problem solved .
first i would fix permissions on cwm . no help ? then try this : settings > applications > manage applications > then make sure you look under the all tab . it is called google services framework and you clear the data for this one and cache for market . go to “settings” unplug your device from computer . ( if plugged in . ) choose “manage applications” from the list . select the “all” tab . scroll down to “market” and select it . tap “force stop” . tap “clear cache” . tap the back button . scroll up to “google services framework” and select it . tap “clear data” . tap “ok” . tap “force stop” . start market . at the “an error has occurred” message , tap “ok” . hold your power button to turn off your device from the menu . turn your device back on . start market again , and the problem should be resolved .
you can just press " refresh"-- and it will really give you second-by-second changes so long as the person you are looking at has their gps on . if location is set to " network"- then it only updates when they change towers . this is much more battery-efficient , it seems .
according tho this post , that feature was removed as of version 5.10 of google maps app because it was never properly working .
i had exactly the same experience with ygps . quickshortcut maker is an app that allows you to create a shortcut to an application from the list of activities which are installed on your phone . this works with ygps and ygps works when launched this way .
several launchers can do that , e.g. apex and nova . you pretend to create a shortcut , select " activities " , browse for the app you normally use to enter engineering mode , and see what activities it provides . should have one for that ygps if you normally launch it from there . there are other tools available specifically creating similar shortcuts ( if you do not want to use one of those browsers ) , e.g. activity launcher should be worth a closer look then . in either case , you get a complete list of all available apps – regardless of whether they are shown in your app drawer or are hidden from it . so even if that ygps is a separate app , it should show up here with its activities . if its an activity of some other app , it should show up there .
tasker could do something for you , like start the ygps app before the ' real ' one starts .
there is another way to change it . the emotion ui is set up as default , so first to do is to clear the default option by going to settings > manage apps > all and open huawei home then choose the option clear default . now just press home botton and it will ask which launcher you want to use and you can set up the new one by default .
you have to clear the defaults in the Settings &gt; Application &gt; Your default Launcher . then when you tap the home button , you will be asked to choose a launcher . you select the one you want and mark that as the default . generally when you install a new application , it clears the defaults for that category . so installing holo should have done that for you . i wonder why that did not happen .
i found an option in the Launcher Settings of holo launcher which allows choosing the default launcher . setting it to the correct one ( holo/default ) takes care of the issue .
when you hit the home button , an option should pop up asking for the user to choose a launcher . if this is not happening , you probably have the stock launcher set to default . try checking settings-applications- ( tap on your stock launcher app ) and then scroll down to find " clear defaults " button . hitting the home button should now bring up that pop up we are looking for .
the official firmware runs touchwiz , which is a known resourcehog , in addition to 2 . x having known occasional performance issues with the mediascanner . i recommend flashing the latest stable cyanogenmod release . although you will sacrifice a few features , such as fm radio - which can be restored with specific kernels and apps which use the functionality , it is very much worth the initial time investment in aspects of performance .
had the exact same problem . it went away when i uninstalled the facebook app .
the answer is usually " no . " the framework changes introduced with manufacturers ' ui overlays ( samsung 's touchwiz in the case of your galaxy s ii ) most likely make the stock apps like phone , contacts , calendar , etc . incompatible with custom roms like cyanogenmod rom that are based on aosp ( android open source project ) .
what fixed this problem for me was uninstalling skype . skype creates a new group in contacts which for some reason this causes the issue ( it used to work before the upgraded ) .
i would try to backup as much as possible and then factory reset the phone . this gives you a fresh start , so that alone might resolve your problems , or if they still occur after the factory reset you know they are not caused by any data or applications that did not survive the upgrade to well .
you can try to remove apps one by one , as i mentioned earlier . if you want to know if an app does something with your contacts , you can check it on the apps detail view under the permissions .
go into messages ( sms ) . then enter settings ( inside the messages sms app ) . then scroll down to input mode . change it to automatic . this should solve your problem .
you should go to the google play web site , there is a list of all the apps that you have ever installed on your device , including purchased ones .
in the new market application you need to slide the tab sideways when viewing the installed applications to view all applications , you might have missed that at first glance .
ok , this answer does not get to the root cause or the " why it happened " but the issue is now resolved . it may help others if their purchased applications are suddenly not available on google play for installation on a new device . i received an notification to update my android firmware and reboot . i followed the instructions , went into google play and my purchased items were now available . i can not explain why , they just were .
if you are using the same google login - then you should be able to find them under my apps in google play and they should be marked as purchased . ( on your phone - on the web you will find them under my android apps ) . you can also click on orders and devices at the bottom of the page - if they do not show up in that list . ( and next to each you have " report a problem" ) and worst case scenario , if these apps are paid for , you should at least be able to find them in your google checkout history - and contact google to refresh your account . hth .
short answer there is no such thing as " randomly break " , phone owners tend to use or make up terms to disguise their ineffectiveness to explain what happened , or as an excuse to avoid saying " i broke my phone " . common factors leading to the glass or the display damage are , but not limited to : manufacturer fault , a damage batch ; device falling or getting tossed ; user sat down with the device in his back pocket . keep reading as to better understand the misleading information found on the mentioned forums ! clear some ideas randomly break there is no such thing like " randomly break " , every device that physically breaks has a cause behind . faulty software the software is not responsible for the device physical damage , the software interacts and allows the usage of the hardware . every software that directly interacts with the hardware has built in fail-safes to prevent abuses . take the example of a battery charge , when you are charging the system may present you with a message informing that the charge process was interrupted to prevent heat damage to the device . glass or display while users tend to call screen and say " my screen is broken " , they should actually be specific enough as to clarify if the glass is broken or the display module is broken . the two are very distinct , carrying different reasons as to why they may have broken . why would a glass or display module break ? the glass the motorola droid razr maxx comes equipped with a gorilla® glass . despite the heavy promotion that its indestructible , there is no truth to that . this glass enables your device to resist damage like scrapes , bumps and drops , from the abuses that come with everyday use . a small drop in the right angle can shred the glass due to the force propagation within the impact point to the remaining of the device : e.g. , take a 22 inches fall , is just over 4 times the height of the phone . comparing this to a human been , could the average 6' tall person survive a fall of over 24' without breaking in some way ? on the other hand , a battery dilatation due to excessive heat will never cause the glass to break . way before that , the plastic casing would crack , some components could even melt , and eventually the glass would fell off , lying on the floor shining like a brand new one : ) from the corning® gorilla® glass - faqs : can i break gorilla glass ? if subjected to enough abuse , gorilla glass can break . however , gorilla glass is better able to survive the real-world events that most commonly cause glass to scratch , chip , or break . the display schematic of an active matrix oled display the motorola droid razr maxx comes equipped with motorola 's super amoled advanced . while the glass is designed and used with one specific purpose , the protection of the display from scrapes , bumps and drops , the display can be affected from other directions , not just by its front . if a phone falls and hits the ground by its corner , the glass has no effect protecting the display . the phone casing may not be sufficient to absorve the impact , and the resulting force from the impact may damage or even crack the display . the display is actually more sensitive than the remaining components of a mobile device . prevent damaging the display or glass the best way to prevent damage to the device , either by accident or by careless handling during use are : avoid charging the device while exposed to heat or direct sunlight . protect it with an exterior rubber casing , to absorb the impact force generated when it falls . if carried closely with hard objects , consider using a device casing , preferably made of leather or any other robust material to prevent damage from bumps . do not carry the phone inside tight jeans or in your back pocket . your natural movements or if you sit down , may exercise overwhelming force into the device .
if it was shared to your google account , you should be able to find it in Shared with me:
i had the same problem . after reading kevinf 's answer , i found the solution by checking the general google sync settings . gmail was not checked ! Settings-&gt;Accounts/Google-&gt;YourEmail@gmail.com Last synced MM/DD/YYYY 12:00 PM-&gt;List of Google Sync Settings.  as a side note , the gmail app indicated that sync was turned off . Gmail App-&gt;Menu/Settings-&gt;YourEmail@gmail.com-&gt;DATA USAGE/Gmail sync is OFF 
i had a similar problem , gmail sync would rarely work , for 3g and for wifi . my galaxy s3 runs 4.0.4 stock ics , background sync is enabled , and so is a mobile data limit . wifi is set to sleep on display off . what i did not realize , is in the settings -> data usage -> gmail , i accidentally checked the box " restrict background data " . this correlates to " also , sometimes gmail does get retrieved/notified ; i am not 100% sure but there seems to be a very strong correllation between that and having recently opened gmail app ( especially in foreground ) . " wifi background sync should work , but if you have wifi to sleep when screen off , then you still would fail to get notifications !
go to settings&rarr ; application manager&rarr ; all , scroll down to google text to speech , and clear data and disable . also you can uncheck show notifications . if you like , you can install " jeanny " ( wich is pretty cool too ) and then install " svox english grace voice " or " ivona text to speech hq " to make her talk . good luck !
you can go to settings-> applications and choose " all " tab to see the list of all apps and services . scroll down to the end and choose voice search , which brings you an option to stop the service . if your device is rooted , you can go one more step ahead and even uninstall the voice search app . in that case , you may need to have app like link2sd .
in ics , to disable an app you can go to settings -> apps -> all tabs -> click the app name and click " disable " . i assume its same for jb as well .
far easier , folks : settings &gt; language &amp; input &gt; keyboard &amp; input methods: DISABLE 'google voice typing' 
go to the " applications " in settings menu . find the ' voice search ' and then long press until you get an option for app info . then you will have two choices : one is force stop and the other is disable . if you choose disable , it will say that by disabling this may cause some apps not to work properly but so far my apps have been working .
for completeness , i add that on the galaxy s3 , it can be located at application manager\all\com . google . android . voicesearch . i brought up the appinfo , force stop , then disabled it .
i solved the same problem with samsung kies ( version 2.6.1.13105_7 ) installing older version 2.6.0.13074_14 downloaded from samsung pages . http://www.samsung.com/cz/support/model/gt-i9195zkaetl-downloads
have you tried using a different cord/charger ? it seems as if it is not related to a specific location , so i would suspect that the cable has gone bad .
try using the app below , which will help to drain your battery and charge it again while switched off . hope this works : ) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ru.devmob.juiceoffenderhl=en
if you are looking to buy a cable that you can use to attach a usb keyboard to that connector , then everywhere i have seen calls it something like a " 30-pin samsung socket " , and the cables are called something like " 30-pin to usb otg adapter cable " or " usb otg adapter cable for samsung galaxy tab 2 " , eg examples on amazon . com , or on ebay . com . samsung themselves either seem to avoid naming the port when they are selling their official adapters and cables that plug into it , or just call it a "30 pin": " galaxy tab adapters " or " galaxy tab™ data cable ( charging ) usb to 30 pin "
globalsat bt-359cs works fine with mine . watch the screen saver though . if it kicks in the bluetooth connection gets messed up .
thanks . . finally purchaed a btgp35km and all is fine . also , i have discovered my tracks , and google labs zone download , which enables downloading a 10 sq miles map on your android , thus enabling offline ( sorry only found the french version - http://www.maximejohnson.com/techno/2011/07/tutoriel-comment-telecharger-des-cartes-sur-google-maps-android/ )
i do not believe you need to worry about hardware compatibility beyond the bt specs . your a43it uses bluetooth 2.1 edr so as long as the bt gps supports that it should be all set . you will either need an internet connection to use google maps , or like you were planning , an app that downloads the maps , like copilot . i have not gotten around to buying one yet , but i have been doing some digging in preperation . here 's some links that may help : bluegps4droid - app over at xda that interfaces with the bt gps this guy is using his nexus 1 to give his a70it wifi and gps here 's another relevant thread . . . and another . let me know what you end up doing and what works in case you beat me to the setup .
this answer to a previous sms backup and restore question suggests that very android sms backup should be able to do this . they have a guide on how to do it here : how to transfer sms to android from iphone , windows mobile , nokia , blackberry etc ?
you can import sms from itunes backups using sim manager . the program can then save the data to an ini file , you can use that source file to transform the sms into whatever format is used by android , and upload them .
hmmm . . . . here 's one solution . i am not sure if there is an easier way , but i guess it is worth a shot . i am pretty sure they are not the same database structure , so you gotta do some editing . if you are interested in that sorta thing , could be fun ! hope this helps !
you can remap either of the volume buttons to be a power button . i have remapped my volume up button to power button . to remap , you should have rooted phone , with terminal emulator and busybox application you can edit the file /usr/system/keylayout/herring-keypad . kl change the line key 115 VOLUME_UP WAKE  to key 115 POWER WAKE  and reboot your phone .
here 's a similar question : how can i boot my nexus s with a broken power button ? can only boot to &quot ; do not turn off target&quot ; best thing to do is get the power button replaced . it is not too expensive . you can also try the battery or bump tricks described in that chapter to try to get your nexus s to boot while plugged into usb , but that seems like a short term solution .
you can fix this issue by simply opening the phone up by removing the 6 screws on the back , and fixing the power button yourself . what is happening is there is a ribbon connector that goes from the power button to the circuit board and this becomes loose and disconnects itself . you can simply press on it and reconnect it to the board to fix the power button issues . this will only be a temporary fix , as the phone is a poor design and will become disconnect more and more frequently . but this can at least let you use your phone .
try to do as whatsapp faq say , mainly ( try other way on link too ) : you can use all your contacts , not just the " visible " ones . to do this : go to the contacts help screen : from the main chats screen , tap the pencil icon > [ menu button ] > help scroll down and tap the " show invisible contacts " button if you have any invisible contacts , a checkbox will appear . make sure that it is checked . the " contacts help screen " is accessible by whatsapp menu . doing so , my contacts that were invisible - that ones that use it and change its visualization are probably most of people that use avatars - become visible again .
maybe you are talking about the contact picture . the contact picture is only visible if the user has specified it . by default you can have contacts sync with all account but profile pictures will not be sync'd in app . each app may have different profile pictures . try this : go to sdcard -&gt; whatsapp -&gt; profiles Pictures-&gt; here you should see what and how many pictures are there . only those will be shown in whatsapp contact list .
is the app up-to-date ? if not , just go to the play store and update it .
simply , your phone is not giving ample space to whatsapp . if that contact is stored on your sim card , move it to phone . in 2.2 to 2.3.6 , we are a li will helpless as it will not update automatically . a li will tech : the contacts photos which are not being shown are those whose photo tag is not saved in your device . now just make sure that all tags are there in your phones contact list . android automatically sets ph_tag=false if no contact photo is there and anything ( any app ) below android 3.0 ( api level 11 ) can not change the tag to true . so when whatsapp gets ph_tag=false against any contact , no space is allocated to it for saving a profile pic . there may also be such issue that the raw contact is on sim space and not in phone memory , hence it is not getting any space to save dp against that particular contact .
the poweramp app will respond to " listen to . . . " commands . it is a good music player if you are willing to pay about $5 , but it does have a free trial .
try using the apps suggested here and configure them to launch the program of choice .
i am not really skilled in android development and i would like to know if i can tweak the emulator to require less computational power . there are a couple things you can tweak to make the emulator less resource hungry . the two most important knob is : ram : the emulator always allocates all of the emulated device 's ram into the host 's ram even if it is unused by the emulated device . if you specify the emulated device to have a ram larger than the free ram that you normally have on the host without running the emulator , then the host os will have to swap and invariably causes trashing . screen size : use lower resolution screen , the default screen resolution for android 3 . x and 4 . x is way too high to run smoothly in even high-end hardware . i have been able to successfully develop several simple apps on my old laptop , a 1.8ghz dual core with 1gb ram . after proper tweaks , the emulator still feels slow and laggy , but it is usable . also , i have not tried it yet , but you might want to try android-x86 in virtualbox or qemu . the emulator that comes with the sdk emulates arm architecture , therefore there is an overhead in translating arm to x86 instruction ; most intel and amd cpu used in laptop uses the x86 architecture and have support for x86 emulation to significantly reduce emulation overhead . if your app runs on dalvik , and does not use the ndk , then theoretically you should have no problem using android-x86 .
there is a minimum possible processor speed for android to run correctly . if you do not get that speed , part of the system thinks another part has crashed ( it gives it about 5 seconds to finish initialising and panics if it does not ) and terminates it , which leaves the system in an unusable state . on the emulator , processors slower than about 2.4ghz pentium 4s fail . you can get it to work on slightly slower machines by turning off the boot animation , but even that is not reliable . when i needed to do some development on a machine too slow for the emulator , i used android-x86 in a virtualbox virtual machine . it works nicely , unless you need to interact with text messages or phone calls .
i would say the simple answer is no . the emulator performs fairly poorly on high-end computers , so even if you got it to start up the performance would be beyond horrible .
have you tried gpsfix kind of apps from play store ? and take a look at web site samsung galaxy s2 gps problem ? solved ! which talks about how a battery saving option ( disabling repetitive polling of gps data ) causes fix issues and how it can be tweaked using another app , gps control for sgs2 which is mentioned there . before starting with these two , just for ruling out false alarms , can you try getting a fix with your internet connectivity on and in open place where you can see sky like in fields ? all said and done , i still do not know why magnetic north is flipped in your case !
does the gps work with the stock rom of your mobile ? if yes then the problem seems to come from cm . if jelly bean is not available as stock rom for your mobile it is likely that the gps will not work with cm jelly bean because then the necessary drivers are likely to be missing .
a reboot seems to fix the problem reliably , but this is an unacceptable solution .
found it for my sgs2 with jellybean rainbox rom , and read about it on a nexus forum : you should disable google location in settings . reboot your phone and enable it again . gps fixes right away now ; - )
i found a solution in this answer in the xda forum . to generalize and hopefully be of use to others , the key point seems to be that even if you think you have the right rom for the right device , it might be that your particular model has very slight differences . in my case , if i understand correctly , i was using roms built for the gt-i9100 model of the samsung galaxy s2 . however , the device issued in japan , the sc-02c , has some very slight differences . so , i needed to get be more particular about which software i downloaded .
i know this sounds silly , but i think it is likely that your hand is wrapped around the phone and thereby gently touching the screen with the tip of your fingers or you are touching the volume down key that goes to vibrate mode . technical possibilities could be : -setting in the facebook app , maybe it is sending some sort of notification equivalent that just vibrates instead of showing up on your screen . -it could also be a different application that runs in the background and gives you notification vibrations . to solve that , go to applications manager , and click through applications and disable push notifications until you find the culprit . hope that helped .
go to Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; USB utilities and choose " connect storage to pc " . or , if you want to automatically sync files via wifi from phone to your dropbox or ftp account you can use a super app called " realsync " . you can get this app here .
try to enable the app named " media storage " from app-> menu-> manage apps
i tried the rescan media application but did not work . restarted the phone , still did not work . then , i figured it out that the sd card came from an old blackberry and some data was left behind . thus , i formated the sd card with the computer ( fat ) and put it back into the phone . works like a dime ! : )
open up the gallery and on the top-right corner you will find a ' menu ' button . tap that and choose ' show/hide albums ' option . in the new window that appears , check ' select all ' or ' all photos ' and ' all videos ' and tap on ' save ' . if you are still unable to find any pictures or videos in your gallery , follow @t0mm13b 's answer . it will help . note : selecting ' all photos ' will show all pictures on your device . even including the small bitmaps that applications ' in your sd card ' use as resources !
download this app called rescan media and run this application within 2 min issue solved
the only suggestion i can think of is this - download this app called rescan media which simply forces android to perform a re-scan of the sd-card and pull in/update the internal media links to the images on the sd-card itself , so that it will show up in the gallery . by the sound of it , it looks as if ( i am not exactly 100% certain ) that the media scanning is broken on your handset . . . or that the gallery is failing . if the above fails to work , then perhaps a suggestion would be to try get a newer firmware or use an alternative rom such as cyanogenmod/stock vanilla android . . .
there is a single list of contacts . but smartphones allow many different contact providers ( google contacts , facebook , sim card , internal phone contacts , skype , . . . ) . but they are all shown within the same app in a single list . a symbol tells you where the contact came from . i recommend to use google contacts as main contacts provider . do not save contacts on the sim card and the internal phone memory . google contacts are automatically synced with your phone and the cloud . you can comfortably edit the contacts @ google.com/contacts . every edit is instantly propagated to your phone . and if you change your device you simply add your google account and all your contacts will appear there , too . no more sim card contact importing/exporting . in order to solve the problem of duplicate contacts from different contact providers android provides a ' join contacts ' feature , which merges the information from different providers into one single contact .
it is entirely possible that there simply are no cards to display . if you do not have a wireless connection on , for instance , it can not fetch data to populate cards for viewing . available cards also depend on several other factors such as whether the gps is on , whether you allow google to track you/your data , and what country you live in ( most now cards are us-centric ; living in canada , the only ones that ever come up for me are weather and " time to travel " navigation cards )
press home button and then slide to the search icon . you should be able to see " show more cards " button . if not then slide down to the very bottom of the screen , you will see three dots in the bottom-right corner . click this , open settings dialog and then click on google now tab . you will have the option to turn it on then . if it is not appearing check also top right corner of the screen for a switch available .
it is a headset ( as opposed to merely headphone ) port , tested using trrs ( tip ring ring sleeve ) klipsch image s4i headset . also , because of the peculiarities of the way htc soldered the fm radio on the 3d , it apparently ( i did not test this , do not have any trs headsets/do not care about fm ) only works correctly with a trrs cable . you will note on android , when you plugin a trrs headset , the icon in the notification area is subtly different ( it has a mic boom under the headphones ) . if the notification area icon only has the ' phones and no mic , you probably do not have the headset plugged in all the way ( happened to me with a case skin on my dinc ) and music will sound kind of funny . the pertinent htc evo 3d forum entry
it does not look like there is an alternative to sms activation just yet . here 's what they say on the prey blog ( emphasis mine ) : prey for android works the same way as it does in portables and desktops . the only difference is that there’s no standalone mode ( yet ) , and the activation is not done via the control panel , but by sending an sms to your phone with any message you want . as this is currently meant for phones , if you have no data plan on a device , it cannot recieve an sms and therefore cannot activate prey remotely . the good news is that it seems like standalone mode is being introduced in newer versions post v0.51 , and only on android 2.2 and above ( no issue in the case of you xoom )
on a pc , it is often a driver issue . i followed these steps with mine last night : before doing this , disable any processes using bluetooth devices download the ' windows mobile device center ' ( current version is 6.1 ) which you can download it from here this works for both vista and windows 7 . i have tried it on both . install the downloaded software but it may not look like it worked on windows 7 pcs . vista automatically configures the settings on the bluetooth devices but for those who have windows 7 , here are the things you should do : go to ' device manager ' from ' control panel ' -or- just right-click on computer icon and choose ' properties ' and then click on ' device manager ' . - you will see ' bluetooth peripheral device ' under ' other devices ' right-click it and click on " update driver software " -or- anyway you find it easy to bring up the update driver window . click " browse my computer for driver software " button . click " let me pick from a list of device drivers on my computer " . select ' bluetooth radio ' from the list if it asked you to select and then in the next window , it will show a list of drivers with company names in one list and drivers in another . in the company list choose ' microsoft corporation ' , not only microsoft . ( from the drivers list there may be one or more drivers with the name " windows mobile-based device support " with different driver versions . select one or the latest . ) ignore any warnings and keep pressing next and then finish at last . if all goes well , the last screen will show the message that device driver is successfully installed . ( click ' yes ' in the box ) now , after manually updating the driver for your bluetooth device , in ' device manager ' when you click on ' bluetooth radios ' , it should display one more item which will say ' windows mobile-based device support ' . after you do this , restart all processes using bluetooth devices i got this process from here , refer to it if you need help . good luck ! ! : )
the setting at the domain level was the issue . i enabled it , and it starting working a few hours later . this should not be an issue for standard google accounts - just google apps accounts .
why do not you try using a 3rd party implementation just as izzy suggested . my rom does not have that feature so i typically use fast file transfer . it is a great app and only the host phone needs it . currently it does not work with host htc phones though .
do a restart . that fixed mine when i had the same issue
i had the same problem and could not find the answer anywhere . via the technique , commonly known as ' mucking about with my phone ' , i found that the new actions can be revealed by swiping down on the notification with two fingers . likewise they can be hidden again by swiping upwards with two fingers .
the port the games are using might be blocked at the router level . here are your options : try using 3g or 4g or make sure that you are allowing traffic ( tcp/udp ) on the correct unprivileged ports ( 1025 and up ) through your router .
install clockworkmod recovery using any of the given methods here : install terminal emulator from the market . install root explorer from the market . download the recovery of your choice and copy the recovery . img to your sd card . ( if its not named recovery . img rename it ) with root explorer , navigate to where the recovery is and copy it to /system/bin/ ( remember to select mount as r/w first in order for it to copy . ) open terminal emulator and enter the command " su " ( without the quotes ) after that enter the command " flash_image recovery /system/bin/recovery . img " ( again without the quotes ) that is it , the recovery has been flashed . reboot in recovery to confirm . once you have confirmed the recovery flashed properly remember to delete the recovery . img from /system/bin/ ( using root explorer , and mount as r/w ) then follow the instructions of using clockworkmod given here
motoblur has a bunch of widget-based applications which bring your social networks and/or emails together for ease of viewing , as well as weather , rss feeds and other simple ui elements/widgets that can come in handy . however , motoblur keeps a process running in the background for each service ( type of widget ) and thus many people ( myself included ) forego it and install a non-motoblur rom to conserve ram , cpu and battery . but if you are an avid user of social networking sites then it is a good choice and worth the battery drain .
is it any swiping motion that is difficult , or just the default left to right swipe ? if a small swipe in a different direction would work , you could try ripple lock . this lock screen replacement requires that you drag an inner circle to the edge of an out circle . the direction is not important , and the swipe distance is about half of the regular lock screen .
while it amounts to recommending major surgery for a small problem , cyanogenmod has customizable lock-screen controls . ( my wife 's g1 is configured to unlock when she pushes the menu button . ) of course this requires rooting , modding , and hardware buttons . . . but it is a solution .
i also own the same device but my tablet shows the encryption option . you are sure you are using stock firmware ?
get root and then install the xposed framework : http://mdc.gd/xposedfw and then the modaco toolkit : http://www.modaco.com/topic/361634-xmod-modaco-toolkit-for-xposed-framework/ once everything is installed , and the modaco module is activated inside xposed framework ( you need to go back into it once it is installed and running and do this ) , you can then enable multi-users in modaco ( as well as many , many other hacks - be careful ! ) . after a reboot , go into your android settings and there will be a " users " section . enjoy ! this all works perfectly on my son 's similarly cheap ondo v701s . i have the primary account ( which gets root access and other goodies ) , he gets a pared-down desktop with mostly games . one thing to note ; my " onda desktop " refused to function on the second user 's account and i installed nova , removed the default launcher . i am guessing other chinese tablet manufacturer 's will have similarly flakey custom launchers . the standard android 4.4 launcher also works well ( i briefly played with googlehome . apk v0.9.6.886092 ) .
in android 4.2 , only tablets support multiple user profiles , not phones . this means it is up to the manufacturer to enable multiple users when they set up android for the device ( what is called system integration ) . since the le pan mini is a tablet , they should have turned on this support . you should report this bug to the manufacturer ( and let us know what they say , to help future visitors ) . it is sometimes possible to change this using a customized , unofficial firmware , but that relies on having a community of knowledgeable users who can do the work necessary to create a new firmware image : this is very hard without the manufacturer 's support . since your device is not a mainstream one , it is unlikely there are enough interested people with the necessary skills .
open gmail from a computer and go to the contacts page , it might be stored there
you could try remove your account at the accounts and synchronisation panel in the settings and add it again so it will sync your full account .
also check you have not deleted them fully from source . if you have then google instructions on restoring contacts . google backs them up on restore points and this can be done for up to a month after deleting
summing up all the comments : will google save the locations ? definitely . as soon as you want to use the more battery-friendly “network based location” you have to agree that google collects your location data “to improve its services”: click image for larger variant so “location history” and ”location report” are meaningless in this context . as it was adressed : whilest theoretically you should be able to delete all collected data associated with your account , first google claims here it is “anonymous” ( so not connected to your account ) – and second , noone except google can tell if “deleting” really means the data was “destroyed” . different reports rather suggest otherwise , as e.g. a german tech magazin found out : they decided to delete all backups from google servers . weeks later , they wanted to test a new device , and configured it with the very same account . miraculously , that device immediately connected to their wifi . how can that be , with the backups deleted ? ( find the full article here , in german ) . will you miss anything when switching to gps only ? depends on your “usage profile” . when no satellites are in sight , you would be unable to find your location . that could be e.g. with heavy clouds , or inside buildings – where otherwise a “coarse location” based on wifi aps and mobile cell ids would be possible . but there are ways to get that functionality back without google : the opencellid project is aimed to provide the data , and there are several connected apps – including alternative open source network location providers . but to use those , your device must be rooted , as these services must be installed as system apps . you can find out more in my android without google series . should you use alternative maps ? that is pretty much opinion-based . i do so , but not solely for the reasons you mentioned . there are alternatives ( part 2 of the just mentioned series names some ) . furthermore , let me quote dan here : the answer to " is x secure ? " is always " secure against what ? " what are you worried about ? it is secure in the sense that it will not let people run malware on your phone , but that is probably not what you are thinking of . imho you cannot avoid completely that some services collect data on you . you can minimize it , you can make it harder for them – and you definitely should not offer your data on a silver tablet . it is always balancing privacy and convenience . so how much privacy you can gain , depends on how much convenience you are willing to give up . more hints not only if you are absolutely paranoid ( correct : today that is called “informed” ) , a custom-rom can offer you advantages . as those usually ship without all the pre-installed bloat , your battery will last much longer ( on my “android device without google” , 3 times longer : 4,5 days , and still 20% left ) . in this context , i have to mention replicant – which is aimed at absolute open-source . unfortunately , only few devices are supported .
k-9 mail supports exchange 2003/2007 via webdav . no support for exchange 2010 , unfortunately , since microsoft removed webdav support in the newest version . see the official wiki page for configuration instructions .
when locking a device using android device manager it replaces the previous " screen lock " with a password . once you have entered the password you can follow these steps to remove/replace the screen lock : go to settings > security > screen lock enter the password you entered via android device manager choose your new screen lock method ( pattern , slide , pin etc . ) steps performed on a nexus 5 , they might be slightly different on other devices
chances are you are using a stock launcher ( maybe samsung 's touchwiz ) that leaves empty spaces when you uninstall an app . if you are using samsung galaxy s4 ( using stock launcher ) , you can go to the apps screen , and click on left menu key &gt; View type &gt; Alphabetical grid . if you are not on an s4 , see if you can find something similar to this . if you do not have the Alphabetical grid option , you can install a 3rd party launcher like nova . nova can sort your app drawer alphabetically .
i also faced the same problem when i brought the android smart phone . there is no way to download the apps to your computer from android market . you should have internet on your mobile to download the apps directly to your mobile . there are some websites where you can download the apps into your computer . for ex : mobiles24 , getandroidstuff , etc . . and more over some of the android apps need internet connection to work .
actually you can download from google play to your computer . all you need is the google chrome extension - apk downloader . just select an app on google play then on the top right corner will have the apk downloader symbol . click it and download the app in . apk format . then just transfer the app to your phone with either bluetooth or usb then install the app like normal using app installer on your phone . simple way to install is just click on the file in your phone then click install . also when you are trying to use the apk downloader . they will ask for a device id for your phone . enter # #8255# # in your phone dialer then you will see your device id . just insert your name , e-mail and device id in the apk downloader settings in extension list and you can use it .
if your computer has internet access via ethernet , and also has a wireless adaptor , you can use connectify to set up your own wifi hotspot for your phone to connect to . you can then download and install apps normally .
install mobogenie software fro , their official site its free and easy to use and install every app for android java etc
if you have windows7 running the computer which would allow for an ap configuration of connectify , then it will work . but for windows xp or vista running computers , the only mode connectify can be configured is ad-hoc , which unfortunately is not compatible with android devices : quote : a number of recent devices do not support ad hoc mode ( but do support access point mode ) such as : android devices ( there are hacks to get rooted phones on ad hoc , but they will not do it out-of-the-box ) blackberry devices ( running 5.0 or later software ) amazon kindles ( can see the network but cannot connect ) http://support.connectify.me/entries/20307637-does-connectify-run-on-windows-vista-or-windows-xp http://support.connectify.me/entries/20316691-access-point-mode-vs-ad-hoc-mode
yes : you can connect the phone to your computer via usb , click the notification on your phone to mount the usb storage to the pc , move downloaded apps from your computer to your phone ( easiest if you put them on the sd card ) , and browse on your phone to where you put the apps and click on them to install them . your phone should have a file browser , but if it does not i recommend explorer . you will need to enable unknown sources in Settings -&gt; Applications as well . you can download apps to your pc most easily from alternative markets like getjar . if you have installed something like download crutch so that you can download any type of file , or are using a non-stock browser that will ignore android 's restriction on downloads , then you can of course just download the . apk 's directly to your device and skip the pc .
as previously stated : blow hard into the phone 's port to clear out the dust and other garbage if you are connecting it to the front of the computer make sure nothing else is plugged in connect it to the back of the computer . , much better and stronger connection than the front if you are connecting to laptop , again . , first blow into the phone 's port , do not connect anything else and try all different ports .
try the tethering and portable hotspot setting ( located in settings &rarr ; wireless and network ) , then check usb tethering . this worked fine for me .
update 12/5/2013: found out that fast charge was enabled , disabling usb debugging and storage access . i know this might be late , so this is mainly for future reference . what i have : i am running cyanogenmod 10.1 m2 ( android 4.2.2 ) on a galaxy nexus , latest firmware / band updates , using latest samsung usb drivers . i had the issues : will not connect to windows 8 computer as mass storage device , or over adb ( however android unit was charging ) . solution : full reboot . this might be a issue with android 4.2.2 ; i will submit a bug report .
go to developer options and uncheck the usb debugging option and it should work .
go to Settings &gt; Storage &gt; Options &gt; USB settings and select a desired usb connection mode .
i have this problem too sometimes , with different cables and different computer . my samsung galaxy nexus charging full , charging usb , but not see the contents . i put something under the cable that pushes it a bit up just at the connector on phone and then suddenly it connects perfectly . hope it helps .
definitely the cable for me . i notice that all of my usb cables have a much smaller diameter than the one that cam with my nexus . when i use the the thinner ones i get nothing , no charge , no data connection . when i use the one that came with the phone everything works . seems you just can not try different cables . again a noticeable difference in the diameter of the cable .
it is definitely a matter of usb cable ! i came here to solve my connecting problem , too . i then tried the cable that came with my galaxy nexus and now it works perfectly . not every usb cable works , for sure now .
go to Settings &gt; Storage &gt; overflow menu (three vertical dots) &gt; USB computer connection . you can choose mtp . from now on , there will be a notification when you plug the usb device .
check this out . do not do a factory reset yet because the problem probably has something to do with the cable not the phone . this seems to be a relatively known problem . look at this google search .
funny thing is : blowing into the phones usb solved the problem for me . maybe you try that =d
replace the usb port . you can find them ( port and ribbon ) on ebay for $13 , including shipping . there are 6 screws to open the phone up . separate the outside case ; there is 1 screw at the bottom once you open it . take out the large black piece ( i think its the mic and vibrating mechanism ) . undo the bottom portion of the antenna . undo some of the connectors on the the main board to be able to lift the bottom up some and gain access to the usb ribbon . remove and replace with new ribbon . be careful when lifting the main board and removing the usb ribbon to make sure nothing is connected so you do not rip or break anything . plug all connectors and antenna back in . put the battery in to make sure it turns on and you have reception . if you are good , turn it back off and screw everything back together . make sure you get a little kit off ebay with the tiny screw drivers and the plastics tool to pull apart the case housing .
unfortunately it is not , my galaxy s ii already has a lot of little scratches on the camera " glass " , and unlike in my old htc desire phone , gsii does not have extra " glass " in the back plate to protect the actual lens . so when it gets scratched i cannot just exchange the backplate : ( . i treat my phone very gently , so i am very surprised to see the lens having some many little scratches : ( . clearly in gsii the lens is way too unprotected and near the surface when you place it on flat surface . as a extra step , i bought case-mate " though " case to add a bit more space between the lens and flat surface . although the lens is scratched all the pictures seem to be just fine . phew . . .
yeah it is not , have seen scratches on a friends gsii rear facing camera myself .
you have to enable " multiline text entry " in the options und " look " ( roughly translation from german localisation ) . after that you can youst hit enter in the node name . to confirm the node name then , you have to tap outside of the writing area of the node .
well despite the comments about a . nomedia file not working in the newest version , on my fully updated nexus 7 ( as of april 2013 ) using a . nomedia file prevents the audiobook files from being scanned and listed in google music . some extremely simplistic testing seems to indicate that a single . nomedia file at the top of a directory tree is enough to prevent all sub-directories from being scanned . in the case i talked about in my question , a . nomedia file within the " audiobooks/" directory would prevent all books from being scanned , even if each book was a collection of . mp3 files within its own directory .
i noticed that when i added . nomedia to my podcasts folder ( which i did not want showing up in my google " play music " app , it only disappeared once i changed the source from " on device " to " all music " and back again . now it is working as described above . my podcasts have been removed from my music player , but still show up in my podcast player .
cracking your screen most likely is not covered through a warranty . this is a good reason why you should purchase a screen protector . mime ghost glass would be my recommendation as far as screen protectors go . . . you can try to email google 's support : googleplay-support@google.com, explain what happened and you can probably pay to get it repaired , however the nexus 5 should be coming out in the very near future for $350 so it may be better to just purchase a new device for a little more as screen repairs are usually $100+
for the process to work , requirements are : titanium backup zip file , see below the license key file TitaniumBackup_license.txt . the idea being , is copy the license file and install the app onto the new device . caveat emptor this is only for legitimate licensed titanium backup owners . device is rooted usb cable plugged into device functioning copy of adb . step 1 . easiest way , is to generate the titanium backup zip file , tap menu scroll to the bottom , titled ' special features ' tap on " create ' update . zip ' " scripting type - edify default titanium backup will be installed as - user application default select the name of the output file - titaniumbackup-6.1.0 . zip tap that selection this will create the appropriate zip file on the /sdcard . pull that zip file across to your pc , as in adb pull /sdcard/TitaniumBackup-6.1.0.zip . unzip it , the file to look for is data/app/com.keramidas.TitaniumBackup.apk step 2 . pull the license file across to pc , as in adb pull /sdcard/TitaniumBackup_license.txt final step . now with both steps completed , it is a matter of : pushing the license file across to the new device as in adb push TitaniumBackup_license.txt /sdcard . it must be the root of the sdcard , anywhere else , it fails ! install the apk , as in adb install data/app/com.keramidas.TitaniumBackup.apk now launch the titanium backup , it should pick up the license file and treat it as pro version . in the event it does not , its likely a very weird glitch in the application , try reboot the device , to see if it works , if not , report it to the developers . ( i have this problem on my xperia mini , have a valid license , and it does not recognize it despite having the license in the root directory of the sdcard ! ) the hardcore way this will apply to any app . gist of these steps , is to move the application to /system/app . remount the system as re-writeable , adb remount shell in via adb and invoke su , adb shell followed by su . move the app from the /data/app to /system/app directory for example : an app called fooBarApp its underlying name is /data/app/fooBarApp-1.apk so without further ado : cp /data/app/fooBarApp-1.apk /system/app/fooBarApp.apk ( we need to drop the -1 part of the name as system apps do not have them ) rm /data/app/fooBarApp-1.apk ( to avoid duplication ! ) at this point , the ownership may get clobbered , or the permissions , for that matter , so make it chmod 644 /system/app/fooBarApp.apk reboot
on this page dedicated to hard reset of cell phones , you can find video tutorial , that will guide you through whole process step by step . the tutorial is safe and easy to understand .
a factory reset usually does not touch " external storage " ( may sound confusing , but that includes the " internal sdcard " as well ) – unless it explicitly specifies so ( some devices/roms have a corresponding checkbox in the system menu , usually settings → backup and reset , where this might be specified to be included ) . what a factory reset usually does is , basically , to wipe /cache ( where the application cache should be ) and /data ( where the userdata reside , including the apps the user installed ) . which means : nothing is wrong here , it is " working as designed " . if you want the sdcard to be wiped , you will have to do so yourself . you can e.g. use a file manager app , or connect your device to a computer . or simply use a terminal app ( or adb shell ) , and invoke rm -rf /storage/sdcard0/* to have all files removed from there . see also : factory-reset tag-wiki
i do not think there is much you can do beyond trying other wifi tether apps . you could also try using cyanogenmod ( for the gsm version of the hero , or the cdma version ) .
i am in canada and recently made a road trip to the states . when i am planning a trip starting in canada , the whole trip is in km , even if it crosses into the us . if the trip starts in the us , however , it shows everything in miles , even if it crosses into canada . it appears that it is not the location set in your phone but rather the location of the phone itself ( if using " my location " as the departure point - otherwise it is just the departure point ) . you can try this out by plotting a trip from a " miles " country to a " km " country and then clicking the reverse trip . the units changed with me .
try changing in the google search bar : Settings -&gt; Google now -&gt; Weather -&gt; Change from Fahrenheit to Celsius .
unfortunately , i saw no way to post a comment to your question though this is not really an answer : i am spanish and therefore my samsung galaxy tab is configured for my country . when using the measure ruler from the labs tab of google maps i get all the distances in metres/kilometres instead of miles . so it seems that changing the locale might help
i have figured this out and it is actually pretty easy : make sure one of the home screens is blank by removing all apps and widgets . then , pinch to zoom on the screen . this will bring up a collage of all the home screens . drag and drop the screen you would like into the ' remove ' trash bin . voila .
are you sure you have the google-experience launcher ? the one that comeswith the nexus 5 and has integrated google now on the leftmost screen ? it does not come with the nexus 7 update , it is nexus 5 exclusive . you can sideload it , but since you mention " five homescreens " you do not have it . you have the stock launcher . if you are using the nexus 7 ' stock ' launcher you cannot remove or add homescreens . you could install nova launcher or another third party launcher . you can easily add and remove screens on these , through pinch out and drag screen to the ' trash can ' or ' x ' icon . specific to g.e. l : you simply remove all the shortcuts from the rightmost screen and it will automatically remove the screen itself . the reverse is true also , drag an icon out of the app drawer over the edge of the rightmost screen and a new one will be created . side loading gel : phandroid ' how to ' with links to the apk files you can easily sideload gel and you will only have one homescreen by default , and integrated google now . this should work on any android 4.0+ device . i have tested on 4.2.2 and 4.3 and 4.4 on galaxy s4 , nexus 4 and htc one .
as i did not find any suitable solutions i decided to write my own widget . it is available on google play : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=eu.siebeck.sipswitch i also made the source code available : https://github.com/robert7k/sipswitch
as per this comment , the place for bug reports seems to be via the about -> send feedback link within the gmail app - this links to this survey page : http://www.google.com/m/survey/mail_ca
the official issue database for bugs/features/etc . of the android os can be found here .
you need the 3 version of skype , which surely is supported on the wildfire version of android supplied by 3 . if you do not use 3 's version of skype you will not get free skype calls via the 3 mobile network - your calls will subtract from your monthly data allowance .
do not install any random skype apk that you find on the web as it will charge for calls . you must install the apk from the three website to not be charged . as an aside , who told you that three do not support the wildfire ? they have massive sales of wildfires on three and they are officially supported by the network . it is completely legal to install an apk of skpye from skpye 's website but why would you when the apk that three provide ensures that your skype calls on three are not charged ? try this link - ! ! ! warning , this will only work on uk three android handsets ! ! !
htc wildfire is supported by 3 . you need to go to favoured on 3 website and choose skype . then it begins to download .
you do not install system apps , they are automatically detected . after you move it to /system/app/ just remount system as read-only and reboot . if your rom 's not deodexed that may not work but that is a whole other can of worms .
i had a simliar problem , where a certain person did not appear on viber ( in the all tab ) , however i am using the stock application all around . it was solved by changing the group assigned to the contact ( originally it had no group assigned , and i assigned it to my contacts ) .
this is an official representative of viber media . the source of this issue could greatly vary . please read this short page in our helpdesk , quoted below outlining some possible workarounds that will help reboot synchronization of the contact list : android : contact list is not showing your friends as viber users ? make sure you are using the latest version of viber . you can download the latest version from http://www.viber.com/ make sure that you are looking at the viber contact list , not your device 's contact list . in order for your contacts to see you as a viber user and be able to call you through viber , your phone number , which is saved on their address book , must be the exact same number that you used to register to viber and vice- versa . try tapping on the ' more ' tab at the bottom of the viber app , then select " settings " and the add a check mark [ √ ] to " show all contacts " once you installed viber , if you do not see someone in your contact list whom you know to have viber , it might be that the list is not updated ( this may be due to an unstable connection during setup , or just a slight delay ) . to update your contact list , re-sync it by re-initiating viber or by manually updating your contacts list . you do not need to uninstall and reinstall viber . shut viber down ( so that it no longer runs in the background ) or turn the phone off , and then re-open it . if this does not work , try the following steps : send the user an invite and if the number is a registered viber user , it will automatically update the viber contact list . enter into your viber contact list , then select the device 's menu button , and tap on " update contacts " . then just click your device ' home ' button . viber will run in the background . in about 30 min . to an hour , check again by clicking on the viber icon . confirm that you have an active internet connection . dial a number manually , using the viber keypad delete the contact with the missing viber badge from your contact list . add it again and make sure to include the country code . the phone number format should include the plus sign , country code , cell code and phone number . the standard format is : + ( country code ) - ( cell code ) - ( phone number ) for example : +1-555-555-5555 for more questions or technical support , please visit our official helpdesk . from the faq : try tapping on the " more " tab at the bottom of the viber app , then select " settings " and the add a check mark [ √ ] to " show all contacts " .
i noticed that a contact is recognized when i remove it from all contact groups . when i add the contact back to a group , it disappears again in viber . so this is a rather unpleasant workaround , but technically it would work ( at least for me ) .
i found the answer i was needing in this video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7eq7z6_v_fc i was holding down the wrong side of the rocker switch when booting , ending up in " recovery " mode .
not sure about the root process for garminfone , but if you have access to your bootloader ( usually termal like with a list of options ) just put a 1.6 stock rom on your sd card and flash it . i tried googleing " stock 1.6 garminfone rom " with no success , probably because of what gathrawn said , but someone over at xda-developers might have something if want to go check out there forums .
this is supposed to be an update for 1.6 , but i am not sure how you had load it . http://www.garminasus.com/en_us/support/software/006-b1130-00.update
depends on how the copy is performed . the sd card contains a couple of hidden files/directories ( especially with app2sd being used , there is the .android_secure folder to be considered ) . usually , when on a linux workstation , a complete copy from sdcard#1 to sdcard#2 should do the job ( cp -dpR &lt;source&gt; &lt;target&gt; ) . same should apply to mac os . as i have no windows , i cannot speak for that .
according to the official twitter feed , their website is having problems right now . try it again later . mightytext is a reputable piece of software , so while we can not say for sure what they are doing with your information ( like any other closed-source software ) , you should not assume it is malware just because it is not working as it should . see also this venn diagram illustrating the situation :
your phone is not using both wifi and 4g , but the 4g radio stays on and stays in sync with the tower ( if you move from a 4g to 3g area while still on wifi , you will see the icon change when it recognizes the tower swtich ) . on my droid bionic ( verizon ) , i have a tasker script that turns off mobile data when i am connected to work or home wifi networks ; my battery life is greatly extended with this setup , and the phone works as i expect ( i am told that mms messages require the mobile data connection , but i rarely receive them , so i can not say if that is true ; if so , it may be one reason the radio stays on by default ) .
it is as simple as running adb install -s someapp.apk . however , the app should be ready to run from external storage . adb resides in the path to ADT/sdk/platform-tools directory . related question : move to sd card doesn&#39 ; t move everything
as said in the comments the device is partitioned and you can not see all parts of the device on a non root ed device . as an example a galaxy s4 is advertised as a 16gb device , and out of the box shows 9.1 gb available . this is a common practice in android oems it would seem . ( desire x from htc 4gb , shows 1gb ) just to give you a scale of what you are dealing with from addictive tips : let’s start with a list of standard internal memory partitions on android phones and tablets . these are : note : it says " standard " partitions . different companies come out with their own partitions . a good example is the galaxy s4 , and the galaxy s4 google edition . they are absolutely identical hardware in every way . until recently ( with so called ' merged roms' ) no rom from one could be installed on the other due , mostly , to the partitioning of the two devices being totally different . /boot /system /recovery /data /cache /misc in addition , there are the sd card partitions . /sdcard /sd-ext note that only /sdcard is found in all android devices and the rest are present only in select devices . let’s now take a look at the purpose and contents of each of these partitions . /boot this is the partition that enables the phone to boot , as the name suggests . it includes the kernel and the ramdisk . without this partition , the device will simply not be able to boot . wiping this partition from recovery should only be done if absolutely required and once done , the device must not be rebooted before installing a new one , which can be done by installing a rom that includes a /boot partition . /system this partition basically contains the entire operating system , other than the kernel and the ramdisk . this includes the android user interface as well as all the system applications that come pre-installed on the device . wiping this partition will remove android from the device without rendering it unbootable , and you will still be able to put the phone into recovery or bootloader mode to install a new rom . /recovery the recovery partition can be considered as an alternative boot partition that lets you boot the device into a recovery console for performing advanced recovery and maintenance operations on it . to learn more about this partition and its contents , see the ‘about android recovery’ section of our guide to clockworkmod recovery . /data also called userdata , the data partition contains the user’s data – this is where your contacts , messages , settings and apps that you have installed go . wiping this partition essentially performs a factory reset on your device , restoring it to the way it was when you first booted it , or the way it was after the last official or custom rom installation . when you perform a wipe data/factory reset from recovery , it is this partition that you are wiping . /cache this is the partition where android stores frequently accessed data and app components . wiping the cache doesn’t effect your personal data but simply gets rid of the existing data there , which gets automatically rebuilt as you continue using the device . /misc this partition contains miscellaneous system settings in form of on/off switches . these settings may include cid ( carrier or region id ) , usb configuration and certain hardware settings etc . this is an important partition and if it is corrupt or missing , several of the device’s features will will not function normally . /sdcard this is not a partition on the internal memory of the device but rather the sd card . in terms of usage , this is your storage space to use as you see fit , to store your media , documents , roms etc . on it . wiping it is perfectly safe as long as you backup all the data you require from it , to your computer first . though several user-installed apps save their data and settings on the sd card and wiping this partition will make you lose all that data . on devices with both an internal and an external sd card – devices like the samsung galaxy s and several tablets – the /sdcard partition is always used to refer to the internal sd card . for the external sd card – if present – an alternative partition is used , which differs from device to device . in case of samsung galaxy s series devices , it is /sdcard/sd while in many other devices , it is /sdcard2 . unlike /sdcard , no system or app data whatsoever is stored automatically on this external sd card and everything present on it has been added there by the user . you can safely wipe it after backing up any data from it that you need to save . /sd-ext this is not a standard android partition , but has become popular in the custom rom scene . it is basically an additional partition on your sd card that acts as the /data partition when used with certain roms that have special features called app2sd+ or data2ext enabled . it is especially useful on devices with little internal memory allotted to the /data partition . thus , users who want to install more programs than the internal memory allows can make this partition and use it with a custom rom that supports this feature , to get additional storage for installing their apps . wiping this partition is essentially the same as wiping the /data partition – you lose your contacts , sms , market apps and settings .
you can always try flashing the 4.3 factory image if data preservation is not a problem . grab the image from google , then follow these instructions
the difference is in the storage capacity , 32gb > 16gb , really , you will have heaps of space to hold photos , apps , music . . . : ) go for it if you can afford it : )
some site disassembling the galaxy s iii states a 16gb flash , seems to be the 16gb version . if that is true , i would imagine the 32gb version has a 32gb flash , that is an internal storage . the tech is MoviNAND that is just work like an mmc card , but it is mounted as the internal storage for samsung 's devices .
if you buy the galaxy s iii 32 gb you get 32 gb of internal memory , i realize that you are worried about getting perhaps 16 gb internal + 16 gb sd-card but that is absolutely not the case , and it would be pretty much false advertising and they would piss a lot of people off . i just looked up the specs and it is indeed 32 gb internal memory for the 32 gb variant . i do not know how specifically the partitions are set up since i have a galaxy nexus myself , but i would not be surprised if it is the exact same , where /sdcard is a separate partition but still on the internal memory physically . so , to answer your question : is the device storage an extension of the primary device memory , or is it treated as a separate memory area that can only be used for data storage no , the device storage is not an extension of the primary memory as far as i know , it is all internal flash memory albeit still partitioned to standard android partitions for obvious reasons , where /sdcard is one of those standard partitions even when no actual sdcard is present . so as far as i understand , you will have 32 gb of pure internal storage .
there have been reports of the sprint version being split into 12gb/12gb partitions . no news on vzw or tmobile but i would bet they are split as well . so regardless of what the other people on here have said it would appear that not all the 32gb is in one partition . see : http://www.androidcentral.com/sprint-galaxy-s-iii-review robert edit : because of this new news i will be sticking with a 16gb version since i already have a 64gb card ready to use . no point in dealing with multiple " sdcard " directories .
remove your sim and put it into any nokia phone then go to Setting&gt;Phone Setting&gt;Cell info Display&gt;Off . then put the sim back in your htc desire 816 . i used nokia x2-01 for this .
you should do the following : select one e-mail ( check mark next to the mail ) click on " menu " ( top right corner ) and " select all " now you can delete all emails
just press power + vol + then tap wipe data and press yes . hope this helps .
the problem is likely that the internal sd card to fat32 . while this may not stop android from working it does screw up many file system related commands/programs , permissions , etc . android usually uses ext3 , ext4 , or yaffs2 for the internal sd card . the manufacturer may be able to tell you which is the one they use . you can also try formatting the internal card to ext3 and doing a factory reset ; if it already successfully installed to fat32 , it should not have any problems with an ext file format . if in fact the manufacturer does use fat32 for the file system ( which would be very odd ) , it is possible that it uses a different cluster size than how you formatted it ( ie 4 , 8 , 16 or 32 kb ) , and the file utility is relying on that information to determine sizes and it is incorrect - producing a nonsensical output of 0 . many manufacturers also encode information into the boot sectors , etc . that you may have inadvertently wiped .
why is the internal storage no longer visible in thunar ? how can i restore it to its original state ? i do not know how to adapt these instructions to my model of mid first of all you need to get adb working ( android debug bridge if you want to learn more ) . specific information regarding this is available at adb for android developers ( archos internet tablet ) as linked in the answer you provided . when you have adb ready , you should be able to run adb shell . this will give you the ability to give commands to adb and we can start accessing the device . i am quoting the answer you linked here : if the connection is ok , it will start a server and after e few seconds show the '$' prompt . this means you are connected to the tablet and have direct access to the linux shell . if you type ' ls ' you will see a list of folders that contain the operating system and all supporting files that make your tablet work . now navigate to the folder containing the flash file system by typing : cd ./dev/block/vold  if you now type ' ls ' again you should see three or four folders that have numbered names . one of them is '31:8' . this is the folder that points to the internal flash . now we can fix our problem by recreating the ms-dos ( fat32 ) file system on this partition . type the following : mkdosfs -F 32 /dev/block/vold/31:8/  this will fix the fat32 filesystem . now leave the shell by typing ' exit ' , disconnect the usb and restart your tablet . on my system this made internal storage re-appear , and after that it also mounted the sd-card . problem solved . please follow these steps and report if it works or not , please supply any error messages and i will try to help you further to the best of my abilities . is that normal that “internal flash storage” is reported as “0” ? will this give me any problems ? this is likely just due to the fact that the internal storage is not detected by the device . it does not necessarily mean that it is broken or lost forever . i would also like to add as a final point that messing with the partitions on the internal storage is usually a very bad idea . do not do it unless you know exactly what you are doing and why . you should always assume that messing with partitions can lead to data loss .
i have encountered this message as well . its one of your applications . try to uninstall the last three applications you have installed if you remember their order .
any application that uses receive_boot_completed permission can run when the phone boots ( i.e. . when it is first turned on ) , in your case to display a toast message . try checking the permissions on your ( recently installed ) apps . any application that uses " start on boot " permission is a candidate for your problem . to further answer your question , i doubt it is a virus , especially if the app in question is installed from official sources . most likely just a feature developer implemented to notify himself .
after researching this in local forums , it turned out to a sim card issue . my carrier had a series of yellow sim cards that for some reason caused this problem . i had my carrier replace it , and i have been on cm ever since ( with a short break for aokp ) .
getting to your external in file manager hd is . . . not very obvious . the only way i am aware of to get to it is to hit the Home button at the top right on the action bar ( not the android os button in the bottom left ) and then hit Up . this should put you at /mnt , so you can get to the external at /mnt/external1 . the " storage " shortcut on the left pane also takes me there , but i do not think it is always operated like that in the past . i might be mis-remembering there , though . if " storage " takes you to /mnt/sdcard then you can hit " up " from there to get back to /mnt . as for copying , the external card was originally read-only by default . now it seems to exist in some kind of weird limbo ( at least for me ) and i am not entirely sure how the permissions are designed . file manager hd shows its permissions as dr- ( that is , read-only directory ) but it lets me paste files there anyway . nonetheless , if you are rooted you can use something like microsd mounter as an easy way to remount it rw ( it works fine for me ) . i should probably also note that the above is on android 3.2.2 , after getting verizon 's lte upgrade . the permissions may still be read-only for xooms in other regions , but i am not sure . mine could also just be read/write because i am using a custom kernel and boot image ( do not remember if it was in there ) .
well that is strange timing ! just received an update notification on the tablet , installed the update and suddenly i can copy files to the sd card , delete files from the sd card and create folders on the sd card with no problem ! this was using the built-in files app . it is still saying my android version is 3.2 , but the build number has updated to h . 6.6-23 , so can only assume this is an update to the drivers or motorola 's software rather than the os itself . found a thread on the xoom owner 's forum mentioning it another uk update ? i just received another update to my uk wi-fi xoom . i already had the original 3.2 update . i did not really catch the update number , but the release notes appeared looked to be the same as the previous big update . it was very small ( only 1 or 2 k ! ) . i could only really think of one reason this might have been sent out , so tried copying from the internal memory to /mnt/external1 ( a 32 gb sd card ) and it worked ! so it looks like this was probably a fault that they have pushed out a fix for , rather than any design problem .
it was indeed wifi channels ( as per phunehehe is comment ) - setting the router to use band 11 suddenly brought the access point back into being detectable . excellent .
answering my question after the comments , it turns out only ' pc sync ' would show when creating an event by tapping on a specific day/time , but when using the ' add event ' option , the other calendars would show as an option . once this is used the first time , then tapping on the day/time shows the other options . all good .
there is currently no way to apply a user stylesheet with the default android browser . if you firefox is not available on your phone , you could install the apk manually , but it may not work since it is not supported . you could download the opera browser , connect it to remote debugging using the dragonfly debugger , and then manually apply the stylesheet via debugging--but there are a lot of steps to that and you would have to add the stylesheet on every page load . this may not be a solution depending on what your needs are for the user stylesheet .
there are two ways for something similar if all you want is black background and white text for absolutely all sites , go to about:config and disable use page colors . then set background and foreground colors to what you want . if you require a more complex stylesheet , install stylish add on , and either use your css locally or upload to the site the extension uses . case 1 will be crappy for forms . for some reason forms and the screens like add on screen or the annoying and useless mandatory home screen are not affected . forms are affected by option 2 , but add on and home screen , again , are not .
have you tried mx video player with the mx video player codec ( armv7 ) ?
this has nothing to do with the file being of type mp4 and everything to do with the video codec being used . if you have video files that are not playing particularly well on the tablet , you should consider looking at handbrake , a free piece of software that allows you to convert video formats . in-depth instructions are available at how to : handbrake and a500 on xda-developers . basically , you want to use the following settings in the application : load your video in handbrake picture tab - set anamorphic to loose and width to 1280 video tab - select constant quality with a value of 20 audio tab - audio codec aac ( faac ) , mixdown dolby pro logic ii , samplerate auto , bitrate 160 , drc 0.0 there are some settings that can be tweaked in the advance tab ( see the forum post i linked ) . you can then save this profile in handbrake and run this for any video files you encounter . for playback on the iconia , i use mobo player but there are others that work fine .
you could give a try to a pre-alpha version of vlc . be warned this is not a finalized application and there might be errors , but it is still worth a try .
i can not answer the first part of your answer . for the question better mp4 player i would suggest you mobo player and rock player .
